I have the confirmation  number from netfile.  I was told that if filed with netfile it will show very quickly  on my cra account  that  it is received.  

If this is an IRA account, you do not need to report dividends paid within the IRA account. All that income will be accounted for when you start taking money out of the IRA.  


This is stupid. Why is it so tough to get a contact number in Canada?  

Your refund may well be deposited by 2/1.  The IRS may do all of the actions you mentioned and they will notify you by mail when they do.  


I applied for tax refund through turbo tax on March 9th, and I still couldn't get refund. I wonder why it still pending. Please let me know what's going on.  

Proceeds from an insurance claim are not taxable  


My 4 yr old son was diagnosed as Type 1 diabetic in 2015, he has a valid T2201 on file. He is insulin-dependent; I must administer daily injections, monitor his blood sugar, prepare & calculate his meals, etc. Is he considered mentally or physically infirm? Do I have to complete a return for him because he is disabled?  

1.  The 10% penalty will be added to your 2012 tax return.  It will be included in the calculation of any underpayment penalty that might be applicable to your tax situation so you may have to consider making an estimated tax payment during 2012 to avoid such penalty.2.  Barring any changes in the tax laws between now and 12/31/12, the regular tax on the deemed distribution will be at about 25%.  The penalty from 1. above is in addition to the regular tax.3.  Depending on what state you are in, there may be state income tax issues and/or penalties involved also.  


when I have almost fully done my return, Review section says I have not completed the Provincial tax and deductions page.   But when I return to the Provincial page in my return, all the entries on that form have been filled out.   It also shows that I OWE provincial tax, but the Review section says that I owe nothing, and it explains this by sayin that Ive not filled in the Provincial information.By the way, I see on the Answers page before this page that I am not the only one to have this problem.   Unfortunately, there was no answer available to that questioner either.  

Since pre-tax amounts are not taxed, they dont qualify.  You post-tax costs are less than 7.5% of your AGI, so they dont qualify either.  Sorry.  


My husband had hip replacement surgery on Aug.14th. He was on disability until Jan.31,2016. Can we claim disability and caregiver credits for Aug-Dec.2015?  

No - RMD refers to an IRA or 401-k, not a plan such as Civil Service Retirement.  


Seriously after 4 years you want $16 from me, too bad I live on disability and dont have enough money to make it through a month,  How is it NO ONE INFORMED US, you sent out e-mails that were a major waste, but nothing about the change for Quebec.  So glad I just spent over an hour making sure I Crossed my ts and dotted my eyes.  SUGGESTIONS?  Your paying would be fantastic, telling me I have to pay will never happen and I be sure to inform all those I have recommended this program to, to unsuggest it.  I NEED TO FILE MY TAXES and YOU ARE CAUSING RIDICULOUS DELAYSMORE TAGS: stupid, rip off, scared of Quebec and language laws??  If so you broke the law since no matter what this stupid place says I am entitled to EVERYTHING IN ENGLISH  

You need to wait until Form 5405 is ready.  That may be earlier than mid-February.  


I have used your product 5 years no problem before. I AM NOT HAPPY!!!  

They may be eligible for the Lifetime Learning Credit or the Tuition and Fees Deduction, but they would not be eligible for the American Opportunity Credit.  


Should the box Do you want to receive your property tax credit? be checked in the above situation?  

This was answered by TurboTaxDon in a previous thread:"Canadian pensions and annuities paid to U. S. residents may be taxed by the United States, but the amount of any pension included in income for U. S. tax purposes may not be more than the amount that would be included in income in Canada if the recipient were a Canadian resident. Enter these pensions as if they were reported on a U. S. Form 1099-R. You will need to determine the amounts to enter in box 1 and box 2a. Enter the pension by clicking Federal Taxes, Income, Select Specific Topics, Retirement Distributions, IRA and Pension Distributions. Enter the appropriate amounts in box 1 and box 2a, and do not check any box at box 2b. Enter code ?7? in box 7a, leave box 7b blank, and answer No on the Check Your Form screen when asked about the IRA/SEP/SIMPLE box."  


I am a new pastor at a church, and they do not provide a paycheck. I live in a parsonage on the property that I do not pay anything for. Do I need to be paying taxes on the value of the house?  

The fmv of the parsonage is subject to self employment tax (social security and Medicare) but not income tax.  Do you need to report and pay it for 2015 or are you planning for 2016? 


He pays no tuition fees. I am using the STandard 2015 online form. He also received a Releve 1 form.  

I think it means if you worked for a private, non government company.  


How do I attach a schedule 3?  Will this return need to be physically printed and mailed if I doI do mineral exploration for a company that administrates for a group of publicly listed junior mining companies and occasionally i get stock options for some of these.  I cashed several of these in during the year. The security options were purchased (by personal cheque sent to company) and then the certificates were sent to Scotia Itrade where they were registered and eventually sold.  Is it possible that i have T4s from the company involved and a T5008 from Scotia Itrade for the same income?I have t4s from several companies that i did no work for during the year and from one company that i have never even heard of.  Is it possible that one of the companies was purchased since the time that I cashed the options resulting in a T4 from an unknown company?  

If you mean nonemployee compensation from a 1099-MISC.  Go to Wages & Income.  In the section Other Common Income, on Income from Form 1099-MISC click the start button.  


Hi I bought Turbotax for years 2008-2013 and still have all the installation key codes.  However all the Download the product here links in the emails no longer work.  All the pages on the site want me to pay more!  I just want to download the version I have already paid for.  Once again I still have all the key codes.  

Yes, you may include this as a medical expense.  


I am using your free turbo tax. It keeps doubling line 114 from box 20 on my T4A (P)  

Itemized deductions such as charitable contributions provide no tax benefit until all of them added together are more than your standard deduction. Once your itemized deductions exceed your standard deduction, then they begin to indirectly reduce your tax by reducing your taxable income. An added dollar of deduction reduces your tax by the dollar times your marginal tax rate. So if you are in the 25% marginal tax rate bracket, then a dollar of deduction reduces your tax by $1 X 0.25 = 25 cents. In general, a contribution deduction reduces your tax by the amount of the contribution times your marginal tax rate.  


I have a phantom "business" in my self-employment section and it won't allow me to delete it.  

You may be able to claim the amount of actual tax paid..A deduction for Interest and penalty paid would not be allowable.  


Your software is not working properly on my laptop which is using Windows 8. I can complete my return using Forms but when I try to switch to Review or Easy Step I get script errors. Sometimes many of them.  

I am going to assume that he was not a fulltime student during 2010.  He/she may be a “qualifying relative” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent…His/her gross income was $3,650 or less.  Social Security benefits that are not taxable do not count against this limit.…You provided more than 1/2 his/her support for the year.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year.Note the $3,650 gross income limitation.  If his income was higher than this, he cannot be your dependent.  


The majority of my income is through music and when I put my income in this box it doesn't seem to affect my total income, leading me to having a great tax return.  However, when I submit that income in "other income" or as business income the tax return/balance owing seems normal - why is this?  

Peach, this prolonged online processing time is a known issue, the quickest and easiest fix is to access TurboTax online through another browser.Browser downloads: Google Chrome http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/landing_chrome.html?hl=en Firefox http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/Best of luck , I hope this solves it.  


Cest juste pour rpartir limpot entre moi et ma conjointe. La simulation consiste  enlever leffet des enfants.  

Real estate taxes, mortgage interest (which would include daily interest charges as well as points), and mortgage insurance premium you pay are tax deductible items on your closing statement. The prepaid mortgage insurance premium is deducted by allocating it over the shorter of 84 months or the term of the loan unless paid to Department of Veteran Affairs, or Rural Housing Service in which case it can be fully deducted in the year paid.The following items on your closing statement increase the cost basis of your home but are not deductible.Attorney fees in connection with obtaining propertyCommissionsState stamp taxes and transfer taxesTax service feesTitle policy fees or title insuranceMiscellaneous abstracts of title, surveys, recording of deed  


Je suis membre dun conseil consultatif durbanisme dune \nmunicipalit. Jai reu un chque en fin danne pour les rencontres \nauquelles jtais prsent. Comment dois-je le marquer dans mes revenus? \nJe nai pas reu de relev de la part de la ville.  

You may see a refund before you have entered all of your tax data. Also, not all of the forms required for filing have been finalized yet, so it would be best to finish entering the information into the return, and to check the refund monitor then.  


I did not make a mistake.  I have since seen two letters to you with the same problem of an item for a Tax information slip made into self-employment income. since i did not enter such income, i have ono way to edit it  

You can simply enter this as a stock sale or a bond sale with the basis being what you originally paid for it and the sales price what you ultimately received from it. Either way you enter it will generate the same tax result. Since you held the investment for more than 12 months, it is a long term loss.To enter...Go to the Federal Taxes Tab.Then to Wages & Income.Then to "Explore on my own".Scroll down and you will find an area to enter stocks and bonds.  


The self  employment income you say I have was entered as Box 24 of a T3 slip There was no Self employment form  

If it was a net operating loss, was it offset by other income.  Did you elect to only carry it forward, or did you carry it back to prior years?See Publication 536 for details at http://www.irs.gov/publications/p536/ar02.html#en_US_publink100096470See http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p536.pdf on net operating losses.  


Je cherche comment mentionner que j'ai un REER fondaction pour avoir la pleine deduction  

If you used the online version see the following on how to access your prior year returnhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return--current-year-/Access-2009-or-Earlier-Tax-Returns/GEN12469.htmlYou need the exact UserID you used to prepare your prior years return, to get your UserID by your email addresshttps://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jsp  


I want my taxes filed.  

Well, the make work pay credit deduction is not available this year and that would possibly be one difference.  There are so many variables that can change from one year to the next.  Compare last years return to this years line by line and find the differences and perhaps this will answer your question.    Without seeing both years in front of us here, we can only go by what you tell us.  


My two businesses are not quite the same, which is why I am filing two T2125 forms. My old established business is code 711130 (Freelance Musician). My new one is 811490 (Piano Technician). I dont feel like it would be right to combine the two together, although that would make everything much easier. My business 711130 has a carry-forward, so I dont really want to mess with it.  

Yes as a primary residence, second home, or rental  


On this screen, I see my other capital and the CCA for the Year field that allows me to choose an amount. I dont see my vehicle listed and so cannot choose a value for the year.  

No. Credit is allowed for expenses paid in 2010 for an academic period beginning in 2010 or the first 3 months of 2011.  


How do you enter a truck costing more than $60,000?  

Review your income & deduction enteries especially your Federal W/H tax or estimated paymentt entries. It sounds like there is a decimal point in the wrong place somewhere.  


HOW CAN I START OVER ALL THE INFORMATION AGAIN I MAKE A MISTAKE ON MARRIAGE STATUS  THAT SHOULD BE SINGLE  

Any of the TT personal versions other than the online Free Edition can handle a 1099-MISC.  While H&B has been specifically enhanced to assist the self-employed person in completing the Schedule C and related business information, it is not required just because you have the 1099-MISC.  


Box 101 on my T5013 is being added to my earned income in the RRSP deduction limit calculation when it shouldnt be.  Am I missing something when I enter the T5013 slip that will prevent this?  

If after that job you plan on returning. Just file a non-resident MT return, and a resident return for your "home" state. Otherwise file two part year returns.The criteria below will help you determine your state of permanent residency.Military Home of Record trumps all, otherwise consider...Property ownership and residence: homestead statusthe location of your homeyour mailing addressthe location of your bank accountswhere you qualify for unemployment insurancethe state in which you filed previous resident tax returnsthe state where you earn your wagesLicenses and registrations: where you are registered to votewhich state issued your driver’s licensewhere your vehicles are registeredthe state in which you maintain professional licenses  


2015 total family income is roughly 117K, which includes my full-time income (80K) and husbands two jobs of about 17K each for the year + 1K for EI due unemployement + $720 for UCCB.  We have two children, ages 13 & 9 and residing in Canada.  We have filed our taxes as married for the first time since a long-term separation.  We got back together midway through the year.After completing tax return it shows us a refund of about 1K, but no child tax benefit.  Based on governments website calculations, as well as Liberals plan we are supposed to be getting roughly $350/month in child tax benefit based on our income of about 117K.  Why doesnt Turbotax show this? It has always showed Child Tax amounts after tax return is completed prior to it being sent to CRA.  

You dont report them on your tax return. If she had no federal income tax withheld from her pay, there is no need for her to file a tax return and her wages are not reported on any tax return.  


Purchased app thru online (carmenung2010@gmail.com) in 2015, somehow the app and my files were inadvertently deleted from my computer.  

Hello kcross11, here is some information that might help you.Go to the Wheres My Refund? online tool to check the status of your refund.http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=4Wheres My Refund? will usually have information about your refund 72 hours after IRS acknowledges receipt of your e-filed return, or three to four weeks after mailing a paper return. Check back weekly, on Wednesdays, for any updates to your refund information.  


I paid over 100.00 to amend my taxes thru your services back in april.  Sent the amendment via certified mail.  I posted this question several months ago and was given a link  but it wasn't very helpful  

You posted one month ago. Amended returns take about 4 months to process.  


I live in Ontario, work in QC.  All of the information is filled out correctly on my T4 slip section (including the box that asks for information from Box E of my Releve 1).  

Have you checked "Im waiting for my refund" on the IRS home page? to get a projected refund date?You will see the following "If you e-file, you can generally expect your refund within 10 - 21 days. The projected refund date "Wheres My Refund?" provides may change as your tax return moves through processing. Keep in mind that IRS telephone assistors will not be able to provide additional information."http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=101  


i put 5 years worth of t4s in to one year on accident and i need to redo all of it how do i go about that  

If you qualify for the credit but did not get it, you may not have a tax liability for the credit to offset. It is a non refundable credit so you must have taxable income and tax owed to get the credit.  


I have a Mac computer.Can you solve my problem or refund my money.I prefer a solution, but if necessary Ill take a refund and look for a different program that I can use with Mac computers.Ive used Turbo Tax and its predecessors for over 15 years with Windows computers.  I like the program, but I need a solution so that I can continue using it with Mac.  

Here is the link to contact TurboTax directly: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp  


I can not delete a charitable donation entry for a joint return. I have updated her profile to take out the donations check box + I go through the deductions without it giving me the option to delete  

The Form 8283 asks for more details (dates, etc.) but youre right that it doesnt come into play until deductions for property donations rise above $500.  You could enter one figure, using say a 12/31/11 date if necessary, keeping the details in your tax files.  


Your software said I would get a return of over $2000. I got a notice of assessment saying they disallowed my CPP overpayment and now only getting a return of $300. Why would it be disallowed? Isnt this something your software should of caught?  

Yes, you should delete him from that section if he is no longer a dependent who you are claiming.  


Was finding free version to be a pain so took the upgrade offer at 20 percent of to get the standard version for my spouse and myself. The offer said it would cost $15.99 but I was charged $19.99 for both returns.  

The IRS is currently experiencing tax refund processing delays (up to one week) for some returns. This affects returns prepared through any tax preparation method, including TurboTax.As a result, the original estimated federal tax refund date provided to you may have changed or your date may not be available yet. We are working with IRS to resolve this as quickly as possible.You can read more here:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.html?_requestid=137364  


I used Turbo Tax to prepare both my and my wifes tax return. I filed mine by Netfile and it was accepted. Netfile refused to accept my wifes return. I then used Turbo Tax to PRINT a return for my wife and mailed it. CRA has rejected this return saying it does not use appropriate forms.Can I hire one of your experts to either fix Netfile or to print my wifes return on appropriate forms  

In Turbo Tax, select the Business tab, click on the Business Income & Expenses link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Business Items and choose Business Income and Expenses (Sch C). At the Business Summary page click the "Add Another Business" button. I hope this helps!  


How can I file my taxes if my husband wont file his.  

Hi Chuy73, You may the claim the child as a dependent if:1.The child is related to you2.The child is a citizen of US or resident of US, Canada, or Mexico3.You provided over 50% of the childs support 4.The child did not file a tax return with a spouse (except to claim a refund of federal taxes paid ONLY)If the child met these criteria and the other parent claimed the child, you will have to mail in your return.  Both you and the other parent will receive written correspondence from the IRS asking for proof that you can claim the child as a dependent on your tax return.   Do not send the proof with your return.  Wait until you receive the correspondence from the IRS.If you are the custodial parent (the child physically lived with you for more than 50% of the year) and you let the other parent claim the child as a dependent, you still may be eligible for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EIC) and/or the Child and Dependent Care Credit.  If you are eligible for those credits and the other parent claimed the child, you will have to mail in the return.  Both you and the other parent will receive written correspondence from the IRS asking for proof that you can claim those credits on your tax return.   Do not send the proof with your return.  Wait until you receive the correspondence from the IRS.Remember, child support payments are not deductible on your tax return.For more information:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/Who-Is-A-Dependent-/GEN12426.htmlhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/You-and-Your-Family/Child-and-Dependent-Care-Expense-Credit/GEN12287.html#dependenthttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Other-Deductions-and-Credits/What-is-the-EIC-and-Do-I-Qualify-/GEN80354.html  


I have started a tax return using Standard Edition.  However i should have used the Free Edition due to low income.  Can I do anything at this point in order to save the TurboTax cost?  If I have to start over using Free Edition, am I able to import 2014 data again?  

The refinance charges: other than the interest, points, and property taxes already deducted. Add to the cost basis, which you will use as basis of the main depreciation.  


Are things like race entries and accommodations at races, new equipment (like bike parts, swimming gear), bike maintenance, specialized nutrition (not regular food), etc. eligible for deductions?  

The employer should have included this on your form W-2, either as part of your taxable wages or in box 12 with code P for nontaxable moving expense reimbursements.You will need to report this as income on your return. Ideally, your employer at least reported this in Box 3 as other income on your 1099-MISC in which case the income will be reported as other income on your return. Then you will report you moving expenses to offset the income.To report the income, go to:Federal Taxes TABWages and Income SubTABClick Explore on My OwnFind Other Common IncomeClick Start on Income from Form 1099-MISCTo report the Moving Expenses, go to:Federal Taxes TABDeductions and Credits SubTABFind the section for Other Deductions and CreditsClick start by Moving Expenses  


My CPP income was not recorded on my tax return and I am sure I included it.  I find the new turbo tax more confusing.  How can I check whether I entered my CPP income as I cannot find how to bring up the T4 slips schedule that I filled out?  

School Corp Number is categorize by county, here is a link I found on IN DOR website that listed the code within the instructions (IT-40 Booklet). Look for page 43 that listed all the code. http://www.in.gov/dor/4439.htmHope this helps.  


I applied online at the government web site for my CRA number so that I would be able to view my 2015 Notice of Assessment on line.  I have not yet received the id and password that was to have been mailed to my home address within from 5 to 10 business days. I can not yet view my Notice of Assessment and need to do this as I filed jointly with my wife and we need to dispute the amounts refunded. Thank you,Robert Liggett  

If you qualify as a real estate professional, you can take as current expenses.Otherwise, costs are added to basis of properties purchased.  


I added a new rental property last year, and when calculating my CCA, instead of adding the purchase cost as the new addition, I also input this amount as "the new addition at the beginning of the year" which is really not the case.  As the result, the amount for the undepreciated capital is now double counted.I have already Netfiled this figure, and seem not able to correct this from the CRA site as this CCA calculation is not disclosed on my return at the CRA site.  Thank you for your reply.  

The amount of tax you owe is deducted from any tax withheld. If you had more withheld than you owe in taxes then you get a refund. If you owe more in tax than was withheld then you owe the IRS. If you are not getting all of the $635 back then you mist owe tax.  


I did my taxes, paid for the service and wasnt able to get assistance because the software wouldnt let me submit because of some information about my common law husband.  I couldt for the life of me correct this situation and getting support was next to impossible.  The amount owed on this round was about 1,172.00.I started from scratch, paid for the service and TurboTax sw neglected to find the additional refunds so this round I have to pay 1,354 and change.2 things, I need a credit for 1 of the payments, andsecondly, how can I get the refunds for the 1st submission?Please advise and thanks,Pamela  

Hi - Here is an IRS link which may be helpful to you.http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc515.htmlThanks for being in touch!  


How do I correct Motor Vehicle Expenses after I have submitted?  

Once your return is filed, you cant get it back.  If the IRS rejects it, you can fix it and resubmit.  Otherwise, the IRS will process as usual, your DD will bounce back, and the IRS will mail you a check.  


Hey,I used OSAP to pay for my college and Im still currently unfinished but Im wondering if I should still file the college T2202A and if its to add OSAP on it.Thanks  

It is a delay on the Irss end.  


in turbo taxing how can i get my perpayment  

I think you have a misunderstanding.A rollover from a 401(k) to a Traditional IRA is not taxable because both types of accounts contain "before-tax" money (money that was not taxed when it was put into the account).  A before tax account such as a 401(k) or Trad IRA can grow, tax free, until you take a distribution, then the entire amount of the distribution is taxable.On the other hand, a Roth consists of "after-tax" money (money that that tax has already been paid).  That too can grow tax free until you take a distribution.  But with a Roth you pay no tax on the distribution (when qualified to take one).The catch is, when you convert a "before-tax" account (Traditional IRA), to a "after-tax" account (Roth IRA), you must pay that tax at the time of the distribution (conversion).The code "2" exception that you refer to is not an exception to pay the tax, but an exception to pay the additional 10% early withdrawal penalty that would apply if you withdrew the money for your immediate use (if under the age of 59 1/2).  Since you did not do that - you converted it to a Roth - the 10% penalty does not apply.  But you still must pay the tax on the distribution that was converted to a Roth.So, I am afraid that the conversion will affect your federal tax as the entire amount of the conversion * is taxable as ordinary income.* If you had any basis (after-tax or non-deductible contributions) in your 401(k) of Trad IRA, then that part of your distribution (conversion) to a Roth would not be subject to tax. 


I want to know that if I file as a couple with both me and my husband's info, the tax refund shows the combined amounts for refund.  Is it paid out separately to us - i.e. I get my part of refund and he is refunded whatever he is applicable for or is it one lump part and how does that get paid by CRA?  

if the condo is your residence, you can not deduct the renocvation costs.  when you sell, if at a profit (LOL), then the renovation costs will decrease your capital gain.if the condo is a rental, then you can deduct or depreciate, depending on the item.  tt sch E will take you through the process in a rather painless manner.hope this helps  


Hello, I'm  trying to find out how CRA defines a nursing home.  Looking at form rc4064-15 I found this: "What is a nursing home?  A nursing home is generally considered to be a facility that provides full-time care. Any facility could beconsidered a nursing home if it has the equivalent features and characteristics of a nursing home. "Background: My husband lives in a designated assisted living facility in Alberta. They have 24/7 LPNs on staff plus health care aides and my husband has an Alberta Healthcare 'Care Manager' in the facility who handles organizing all the extra nursing care my husband needs. IF this qualifies as a nursing home I understand I can claim all the fees paid to the facility, however, my sister manages my Mom's finances and her accountant said the rule is there must be RN's on site. Where can I find out what is true?  

You can deduct the sales tax if you itemize deductions and your sales tax deduction is more than the state income tax deduction.Enter Sales Tax under Federal TaxesDeductions and CreditsExplore on my ownThen scroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidSales Tax- click the Start or Update buttonYou might see a screen saying Lets compare your sales tax and income taxChoose Try Sales Tax Deduction AnywayThen click on EasyGuideEnter your State and Dates you lived thereEnter your Sales Tax Rate as a whole number like enter 7% as 7.00 or 7.5% as 7.50Then enter any major purchases When you are done it will show you a summary screen of Places you Lived - Click DONEThen it will ask if you had any Nontaxable Income to increase your Sales Tax Deduction Yes or NoThen you get to a screen�..Weve Chosen a Deduction for YouIf you itemize your deductions you can either take the state and local sales tax deduction OR the state and local income tax deduction whichever is greater. There are a couple items like car sales tax you can add to the general sales tax table.  That is mainly for people who live in a state without a state income tax.  


There seems to be discrepencies with my T4 and R1. I have contacted my employer abour this and they confirm all the information is correct. When entering my T4 and R1, this creates problems because some of the amounts are pre-populated with the software so they cannot be changed.  

You should start by phoning the IRS and ask them what happened to your overpayment from last year.  Ask them if it was refunded or applied to your 2011 taxes.   Have you printed out your 2010 return and examined it?  Is that what you are referring to above?1-800-829-1040 IRS hours are 7 AM - 7 PM local time, M-F..  


It appears that you discriminate against Mac users. For years I have been buying the Standard version for PCs that allow 8 returns. I always prepare 3 returns a year. Im now going to buy a MAC but realize that only an online version is available and that I must pay $20 per return. That means if I switch to a Mac itll now cost me $60 to file. Can this be right?  

Not if you lived with your spouse at any time - even for 1 night - during the last 6 months of 2010. If you lived together at all then your only choices are Married Filing Separately or Married Filing Jointly.  


The $5,591 (T4RSP) was a refund of excess contributions that were made in the first 2 months of 2015 and subsequently refunded by CRA when we realized the error and submitted the tax deduction waiver details. The original receipt for the RSSP contribution receipt $5,591 was received during the 2014 tax reporting season (not claimed). The entire $8099 contribution (last 10 months of 2015) should be included in the 2015 tax return and not reduced by the T4RSP value. CRA is now questioning the discrepancy on our OVP-1 paperwork. How can we stop Turbo Tax from netting the T4RSP from the 2015 RRSP contribution?  

Wait till your Federal return is accepted.  (Its unusual that your state accepted before the Feds, but Michigan may be one of the few "independent e-file" states that dont piggyback on the Federal return as most states do.)  Then, go back and click the "Amend return" link (should be on the left side of your acceptance screen in TT Online).  You will almost certainly have to file the amended returns on paper.  


I am a retired uk citizen age 76 trying to settle in India. Taking help of uk-india DTA treaty he has put this income in schedule EI exempt income. I am not sure if what he has done is right. I get UK state pension given by UK government. He has used the wording of article 19, item 2 of the treaty literally, since it says the contacting state uk gives the pension and that it is taxable only in that contracting state. He had put uk bank interest and private pension also in Schedule EI exempt income in India tax return which he has now taken out. But state pension is still kept in schedule EI.  

Educational expenses for grades K-12 are not a deductible expense.  


I paid for my declaration, got the receipt by e mail but cant access the actual file to print and send it.  

You may have noticed a State Prep component in your update, either by itself or as part of a larger federal program update."State Prep" is a generic designation for an automatic state download and was introduced in the 2009 TurboTax Deluxe and higher personal tax versions. In prior years, you had to initiate the state download separately in TurboTax.Once a predicted state becomes available, the Updater automatically downloads it and this is what youll see as State Prep in the Updater.When you are ready to prepare your state return(s), TurboTax Deluxe (or higher) will ask you which state you want to designate as your "free" state. You will only be charged for the additional states if you choose to prepare them in TurboTax.  


I used the online version of home and business this year to prepare two returns.  For one, which I paid for in January, I was charged $62.70.  For the other, prepared in May, I was only charged $55.99, which is the advertised price.  How do I get a refund for the overcharge from January?  

If you indicated that the distribution was from a qualified plan, and that you rolled over the entire amount, it should not be taxable.  Check your Form 1040, Line 16b to see if the amount is shown as taxable.  


I cannot submit the return until you have included my medical expenses. I kept trying to add them and there didnt seem to be a way to do this.  

Revise the w-2 at the original W-2 screen.  


I want to use Canada post to send my request for a product refund. Where do I mail it in Canada I only have an electronic address.  

Form E-1 is a tax return used by a resident individual taxpayer or a non-resident working in the City of St. Louis to file and pay the earnings tax of 1% due and not withheld by the employer. More infohttp://stlcin.missouri.org/collector/earnings-tax-forms-info.cfm  


U wont file my return because of a error; so I FIXED it but u still wont accept it. The number of months that I received my CPP is 12.  

If youre using the same vehicle in 2 businesses, it sounds to me like you claimed 100% business use in the first business. So check that. If thats the case, then obviously you would have 0% use of the same vehicle in the 2nd business. If the vehicle is used for business and personal use, then if you said 25% business and 75% personal in the first business (or something of that nature) please let us know that.  


It accepts everything in the easy step but then isn't recoded in the summary?  

California depreciation law did not conform to the federal law change for the increase of the depreciable life for nonresidential rental real estate from 31.5 years to 39 years for assets placed in service on or after 5/13/93 until 1/1/97.For that type of asset in 1995, The Calif program will use 31.5 years for regular tax and 40 years straight-line for AMT.  


Je recherche ce dit formulaire dans impt rapide et je ne trouve rien  ce sujet... a concerne quoi le TPF-1W?  

Yes.  Box 6b generates the personal exemption for your spouse.  She is not being claimed as a dependent.  Each taxpayer in a joint return is entitled to a personal exemption. 


or get me phone number for turbo tax  

Heres what I have learned so far: The IRS only pays out on Fridays, the first expected payout date from the IRS is 1/28/11, even though I have seen several posts on here that say it is possible ( though unlikely) that people may start getting their refunds as early as this Friday.  


I type in day month and yeat the slash between nbrs do not show and I cannot proceed  

You can download and print the PDF files stored on your account from last year...correct whatever needs correcting on the forms (IF it is that simple),  copy them...and mail them in.  


Revenue Quebec returned my mailed in return to me. They said that I was missing Page 2 of form TPF-1-X-V, Keying Summary for the Schedules of the Income Tax Return and for Form TP-1029-TM-V, was not submitted with your return.Please make the necessary corrections and resubmit your income tax returns and required documents to us within 30 days of receiving this letter.HOW do I PRINT these. I save the PDF file and these files are not in my return.Are they Hidden?I need to print them.  

Hi rjh4, it sounds like youre experiencing an issue that weve recently identified with this area. Were working to get it corrected and should have it fixed soon.Take a look at this article and see if it matches the problem youve been having. It also has the most up to date information on the fix.http://turbotax.com/support/go/SLN59491  


It appears that every disposition of investments is being reported as income with nothing to offset.  

"Just wait until they send me a bill for the balance again?"Yes, to both federal and state.  If you dont meet an exception, all the facts have occurred which fix the penalty.  Consequently, you cant change it as this time.  As noted by the IRS, it is complicated to compute and there is no reason not to let them and Missouri just bill you for it.  


your help appreciated  

TurboTax does not have information as to why your refund is less than expectedIf your refund is less than expected, the IRS will contact you within 30 days for an explanation..  See the following link for some possibilities for the discrepancy.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/general-program-issues/tax-essentials/2981.htmlYou can also contact the IRS at 1-800-829-1040  


Mes frais de scolarit se transfre automatiquement  mon conjoint, mais je ne le veux pas. Comment faire pour annuler le transfert ?Jai rvis lentre de donnes et nul part, je nai spcifi que je souhaitais transfr mes crdits. Nous ne sommes plus ensemble mais ltions au 31 dcembre 2014.  

A 1099G is for Unemployment or a state tax refund you got last year.A 1099R is for a 401k, IRA, ROTH IRA distribution or withdrawal or rollover or conversion.  Or for a pension you receive.  


I already file my tax refund for 2015 In May 4th, 2016. And I still haven't got it until now. My CRA Status account says " Tax refund not received" please help me.  

It sounds like the FMV would be $1,900 - if $0, why would you pay more?  


I have approximately 165,000 unused tuition credits and am still showing a balance due of $2000, why is this?  

Not all employers have finished their W-2s yet, so it may not be available for import.Or, are you trying to enter your W-2s directly on your return?  You must wait until you have the W-2.  


who is "s"  

Did your return include any of the delayed forms due to Congress late decisions?  If your return includes one of the delayed forms your return will show pending in TurboTax until the IRS starts accepting those returns on Feb. 14th.The forms affected are:Schedule A (Form 1040), Itemized Deductions Form 8917, Tuition and Fees Deduction Educator Expense Deduction claimed on Form 1040, Line 23, & Form 1040A, Line 16 Form 4684, Casualties and Thefts Form 8859, District of Columbia First-Time Homebuyer Credit Form 3800, General Business Credit Form 5405, First-Time Homebuyer Credit & Repayment of the Credit Form 6478, Alcohol and Cellulosic Biofuel Fuels Credit Form 8834, Qualified Plug-In Electric and Electric Vehicle Credit Form 8910, Alternative Motor Vehicle Credit Form 8936, Qualified Plug-In Electric DriveMotor Vehicle Credithttp://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=233449,00.html  


I am ready to pay a fees for this following consultation. Pls consider my question  as to answer as my real tax consultant. I will look forward for your reply. Question: I am a Canadian Citizen. I do FOREX (online foreign currency trading). I have been doing this for few years. I was not profitable in all previous years so in past I did not withdraw any profits. BUT now in 2016 I am profitable  and withdrawing profit every month. I think by the end of year 2016 I will have total almost US$ 50,000/- withdrawal as my FOREX earning. I fall in the category of a non-professional day trader. I have total investment almost 100,000/-  in my forex   account. How I will calculate tax on it? To submit that tax amount will I be using Schedule 3  to file the tax as Capital gain Tax? Any other advise/recommendation/guidance ......please help.  

Your increase in income in 2010 could have pushed you up to the next higher tax bracket.As we cannot view your return, we are not able to offer you a specific explanation although a line by line comparison between your 2010 and 2009 returns may help determine the difference.Consider reviewing your return for accuracy and completenessTo maximize your tax results, see http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/Click “Tax Questions” and “Doing Your Taxes” icons.This exercise will walk you through all of your entitled deductions and credits.  


I pay for employment insurance privately and received payment for short term disability from the company.  I am self employed.  Where do I enter the income  

Generally, you have to be single or considered unmarried to file as Head of Household, although an exception exists. The requirements for HOH are that you:-- Are single or considered unmarried (you are considered unmarried if you are married but lived apart from your spouse for the last half of the year),-- You provide more than 1/2 of the cost of maintaining a residence for you and a qualifying relative.  -- You have a qualifying relative (such as your child) living with you for more than 1/2 of the year .  -------- If the child is your qualifying child, you do not need to claim them as a dependent.  -------- If the dependent is your parent, they do not need to live with you, but you still need to pay more than 1/2 of the cost of maintaining their household.("Not including rent . . ." needs to be clarified because, in determining who paid more than 1/2 of her household costs, rent must be included.)  


Je suis propritaire dune garderie et je me demande comment entrer les revenus et les dpenses ...  

You pay taxes to VA for the money you earned there.  You pay taxes to MD since that is your residence.  However, you can get a tax credit on your MD return for taxes paid to VA.  


The CRA site said that it was free to use Turbo Tax. I clicked on Start for Free and now, at the end, it is charging me. Why?  

This may or may not be a useful answer. I think your line 13T things include Domestic Production Gross Receipts (DPGR). Another would have to be a non-zero Form W-2 Wages  for you to get any benefit from filling in the 13T info. That Form W-2 Wages amount could be from a different K-1. But if none of your K-1s shows Form W-2 Wages non-zero, you will get no Domestic Production Activities Deduction. Not filling in 13T never saves tax money. It can only help reduce your tax. But it can be a lot of work for nothing.  


I purchased a copy of Turbo Tax Business Incorporated T2 software and I would like to purchase audit protection before I file. How do I go about purchasing audit protection?  

Hi there, Please see this article for help in finding your AGI: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12049 


I traded in a 2007 BMW X5 for a 2017 Audi Q7. I paid a large chunk of the HST on the Audi, where do I insert that information? Also, do I need to include any detail on the cost of the car, or the trade in value of the old car/X5? Thank you  

You need to know whether your state assesses an inheritance tax?An inheritance tax is an assessment made on the portion of an estate received by an individual. It differs from an estate tax which is a tax levied on an entire estate before it is distributed to individuals. It is strictly a state tax.   States that have an inheritance tax require that the individual who receives the inheritance file and pay any taxes due on the money or property they inherited. This money does not come directly from an estate because it comes from the individual who received the inheritance.More infohttp://wills.about.com/od/stateestatetaxes/a/inheritancetaxchart.htmYou also may need to file an estate tax return depending on the size of the estate.  Here is a general article on ithttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estate_tax_in_the_United_StatesFor your personal returnsIf you inherit real estate and sell it, you will have a capital gain/loss for the change in value from the date of death to the date of saleTo enter into TurboTax, Go toFederal Taxes Tab, Wages & Income, Explore on my ownInvestment incomeStocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, OtherStartEnter description and sale dateFor "date acquired home" Enter the word “inherited”For cost - Enter Fair Market Value of home on date of deathFor proceeds – Enter sales price less sales expenseIf the property was divided among siblings equally, divide cost and proceeds by the number of siblings to get your share  


Hi, when click start 2015 return, it just keeps spin and says Loading your information for 30 mins and keeping doing so......  

First of all, there is no $4000 credit.The best credit is $2500 based on $4000 of eligible expensesThe first $1500 of that $2500 reduces tax owed.  With only $7000 income you would owe no tax so dont get any benefit from that.The next $1000 is refundable and you would get if you were not claimed as a dependent and your earned income exceeded 50% of you supportMore infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Education/Education-Credits-Available-for-2010-Tax-Filing/GEN80424.html 


I have to file an income tax for an estate and I would like to get busy for the year 2016.  The death was in January of 2016.  

You need to report all your income even if you dont get a 1099Misc. You use your own records.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under�..For Home & Business version:The Business Tab - ContinueChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Business Income and ExpensesThen�.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateOr for other versions:Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Items Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonYou use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 13.3% (for 2011) Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for  Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment�.http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html  


turbo tax CPP credit is different than amount on T-4  

Your return may get rejected by IRS.  if so follow their instructions.  if not file an amended return.   Here is their detailed explanation:Topic 652 - Notice of Underreported Income — CP-2000The IRS compares the information reported by employers, banks, businesses and other payers on forms W-2, 1098, 1099, etc., with income and deductions reported on your income tax return. If you failed to report any income, payments, and/or credits (or if you overstated certain deductions) on an income tax return, you may receive a Notice CP-2000.The notice informs you of the proposed adjustments to income, payments, credits, or deductions, and the adjusted amount of tax due (or to be refunded to you). The first page of the CP-2000 is called the "Summary Page". It provides a brief summary of the notice and instructions on what you should do to determine if you agree or disagree with the proposed changes. If you have any questions, the notice provides a phone number to call for assistance.The notice will show the adjustments proposed by the IRS, the amounts you reported on your original return, and the amounts reported to the IRS by the payer. The notice will also provide the name of the payer, the payers ID number, the type of document that was issued (i.e.; W-2, 1099), and the Social Security number of the person to whom the document was issued. Based on the adjustments to your income, the notice proposes either an increase or decrease to your tax liability (or an increase to the amount of your refund due). Be sure that you review this information carefully to verify its accuracy.The notice includes a response page on which you should indicate whether you agree or disagree with the proposed adjustments. On the response page, you may authorize someone other than yourself to discuss with or to provide information to the IRS regarding the proposed changes. This page should be attached to your response.If you agree with the proposed adjustments , sign the response and return it in the enclosed envelope. Notice that the proposed tax listed on the notice may not include any interest and/or penalty due. You may pay the amount you owe within 30 days from the date of notice, or you may send the signed consent without payment, and the IRS will bill you for the amount due plus additional penalty and/or interest charges. You may request a payment arrangement to pay the amount you owe. If you wish to pay in installments, please complete and return the installment request form enclosed in the notice and return it with your response page. You will be contacted later with payment information. If an installment agreement is approved, you will be charged a fee.If you DO NOT agree with any part of the notice, DO NOT SIGN THE NOTICE. Instead, check Option 2 or 3, on the response page, explain in a signed statement why you do not agree, attach the statement and supporting documentation for consideration to the response page, and submit the response page and attachment to the IRS. Include your phone number with area code and the best time of day to call.Do not file an amended return, Form 1040X (PDF), if you do not agree. These are only proposed adjustments and the tax liability is not yet assessed. If a Form 1040X is appropriate, return it with your response page.You must respond within 30 days of the date of the notice or 60 days if you live outside the United States. An envelope will be enclosed for your convenience. If you have lost the envelope, please send your response to the address listed in the upper left hand corner on page 1 of the notice. Send your responses (including Form 1040X) to the address on the notice and attach a copy of the notice (CP-2000, CP-2501, or a statutory notice of deficiency).If we do not hear from you within the 30 or 60 day period, a statutory notice of deficiency will be issued and addit  


It is my used tuition amounts (provincial and federal) that i deleted that were from 2014 and i cant find them on my cra account matching what was on the downloaded sheet i deleted.  

You dont,  You have to open a new tt account for yourself.  Only one return per on-line account.  


Je dois fournir lAnnexe 3  lARC afin de corriger une erreur que jai fait dans ma dclaration 2014. Mais lorsque jimprime mes declarations, je ne vois pas lAnnexe 3 dans ma declaration fdrale. Mais je suis capable de voir lAnnexe G dans ma declaration provinciale.  

i found out that i do not need to file amendments for the prior yearsthanks 


The  printer is hardwired to the computer. I have already printed the return, then I made a change and can no longer print, except fpr the overprint FILE COPY etc  

Heres info on how to access your prior year returnshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return/Access-2010-or-Earlier-Tax-Returns/GEN12469.html  


All I have is a new return has been created for 2015  today. I see my 2013 and 2014. However I filed and got my refund already.  Also, I have all printed forms. Please help me to locate completed and submitted 2015. Thanks, Alex.  

Be sure you are filing a part-year resident return in both states. 


I'm trying to file my taxes, and NETFILE is not playing ball.  And now I'm passed ferocious.  this is the comment on the page: "if you want to use CRA's NETFILE service, you are required to answer the following CRA questions and provide the information in the applicable fields.  Income: Self-employment income that doesn't qualify as earned income for RRSP purposes. This income will not be included in your RRSP deduction limit for : "  After that i cant do anything, forum, no link, no working way to call support, and now they're closed, and i just don't have any more patience tonight.  can some one please help me?  

This is easier said than done.  The process for doing this is VERY complicated and will require the assistance of professionals. The short answer is that typically it is only worth it if you are talking about large losses. (It is also well beyond the scope of what you can do with TurboTax.) If you want to know more about it, and you dont mind some heavy reading, here a few links that explain the process in more detail:First, read the "Ponzi Scheme" section of the instruction for form 4684 (page 2, third column):http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i4684.pdfThis article form the IRS details the Revenue Ruling regarding Ponzi schemes and casualty losses:http://www.irs.gov/irb/2009-14_IRB/ar07.htmlFinally, this article form the IRS details the procedure necessary to claim the casualty loss:http://www.irs.gov/irb/2009-14_IRB/ar11.html 


we both have offices, one upstairs and one downstairs, can I use the main floor square footage to calculate the percentage for each office or double it to include both floors  

They would each have to pass these tests for you to claim them.  A daughter and grandchild are relatives that do not have to live with you for test 2.  Qualifying Relative tests1) A child is not your qualifying relative if the child is your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer (See Qualifying child tests).2) Despite the name the person does not have to actually be related if they lived in the household the entire year, closely related persons do not have to live with you.3) Gross income for the year must be less than $3,650. (Tax-exempt income, such as certain social security benefits, is not included in gross income)4) You  must provide more than half of a persons total support during the calendar year.5) The person cannot be a dependent of another tax payer.6) The person cannot be file married filing jointly on their own return.You cannot claim a person as a dependent unless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or MexicoSee Pub 17 for more informationhttp://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2010_publink1000170933  


details to above question:  I think the Quebec Income Tax Withheld amount (which is almost the same) has not been integrated into my profile.  How do I go about verifying this?  I have reviewed, reviewed, and reviewed; nothing is adding clarity.  

Form 1098-EYour 1098-E is entered by doing the following:Click on the Federal Taxes tabClick on Deductions & CreditsClick on Explore on My Own if its showingScroll down the Screen (Page) to EducationUnder the above area is (Student Loan and Interest Paid) Click on Start or UpdateGo All the way through the interview Reading each screen Carefully as you enter your 1098-E information.Hope this helps.  


I went through the program step by step. The T4-A input form came up but has no space for line 107 in it. I looked for it.  

For you to make a comparison with your 2010 return and TurboTax, you would have to buy and download the 2010 version of TurboTax. If you meant 2011, you can start a 2011 return on TurboTax for free to make a comparison.  


Quel formulaire faut-il remplir pour cesser de cotiser au RRQ, lorsque jai un travail rmunr au Qubec, jai 65 ans et plus et que je reois dj une rente du rgime RRQ  

17% business, 83% personal. 


I am a new resident to Canada, filing my first tax return.  On my US return, I included a loss on a new business.  I am self employed and the start up costs exceeded my income last year.  Can I enter the loss of my foreign business on my Canadian return?Thanks in advance  

If you list your business income and expenses on Schedule C, both the self-employment tax and the self-employment tax deduction will automatically be carried over to the 1040.  


My spouse has unused tuition credits carried over from 2014, and a balance owing for her premium for the prescription drug plan. Im trying to claim some of the credits to pay for the balance owing in 2015 but I cant seem to figure out how to add an ammount on line 398 which is required for schedule T. If I double click on the green amount on the schedule T which corresponds to the credits I want to claim, it brings me to line 398 of the Quebec tax return. If I try to edit the amount, which is in black, on line 398 it says I have to double click on the green amount. If I double click on it, it brings me back to the schedule T.Anyone see this before? How should I go about inputting an amount on line 398?  

You can claim him as a dependent, but only if your daughter does not, and only if your adjusted gross income is higher than your daughters income.To claim the child care credit, it must have been paid so you and your spouse can both work (i.e., you both have earned income.)  IRS Tax Topic 602 discusses requirements for the child and dependent care credit as follows:________________Qualifying IndividualThe expenses you paid must have been for the care of one or more of the following qualifying individuals:   1. Your dependent (under the rules for qualifying child) who was under age 13 when care was provided. For divorced or separated custodial parents, refer to Child of Divorced or Separated Parents in Publication 503 , Child and Dependent Care Expenses. A noncustodial parent, however, cannot treat a child as a qualifying person even if the parent may claim the child as an exemption.   2. Your spouse who was mentally or physically not able to care for himself or herself and who has the same principal place of abode as you for more than one-half of the year, or   3. Your dependent (or an individual who would have been your dependent except that the individuals gross income is equal to or greater than $3,650 in 2009 and 2010, and $3,700 in 2011), the individual filed a joint return, or the individual is a dependent of another taxpayer) who was physically or mentally not able to care for himself or herself, for whom you can claim an exemption, and who has the same principal place of abode as you for more than one-half of the year.If a person qualifies as a qualifying individual for only a portion of the taxable year, then only those expenses incurred when the individual is a qualifying individual are included in calculating the credit. For more information on who qualifies as a dependent or qualifying child, refer to Publication 501, Exemptions, Standard Deduction, and Filing Information.____________________Additional RequirementsIn addition to the conditions just described, to take the credit, you must meet all the following conditions:   1. You must provide the taxpayer identification number (usually the social security number) of the qualifying person.   2. You must file a joint return if you are married.   3. The payment cannot be to someone you can claim as your dependent, or to your child who is under age 19 even if he or she is not your dependent. The payment can not be to your spouse or to the parent of your qualifying child who is your qualifying individual, and   4. You must report the name, address, and taxpayer identification number, (either the social security number, or the employer identification number) of the care provider on your return. If the care provider is tax exempt, you need only report the name and address on your return. You can use Form W-10 (PDF), Dependent Care Providers Identification and Certification, to request this information from the care provider. If you do not provide information regarding the care provider, you may still be eligible for the credit if it is shown that you exercised due diligence in attempting to provide the required information.See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc602.html 


I have worked earlier for few years in USA before moving to Canada in 2014. If I withdraw all my retirement money from USA and transfer to my Canadian financial institution, do I need to pay any extra tax to CRA when filing taxes in next year? Please provide me any best tax advice that is available.  

Many people are just not aware of the proper procedures for verifying their refunds and therefore they are becoming frustrated just now knowing. Well here it is. Only individuals who completed the 1040ez free without fees may have received their refunds early.If you did any other version you may get your state faster but you will not get your federal any sooner than the 1st irs payment date of 1-28-2011. This is the problem. Santa Barbara Bank & Trust has indicated that anyone that has fees coming out will receive their direct deposit anytime between 1-28-2011 and 2-1-2011 as the 28th is their largest processing day. SBBT will not get the deposits from the IRS until sometime between midnight and 6 am on 1-28-2011 and as long as their website shows your refund received by SBBT then you can rest assured that you will have your deposit no later than Tuesday 2-1-2011. Anyone who desires may go directly to the SBBT website (google it at Santa Barbara Tax Products) enter your ss#, filing status, amount of refund and the security information. The next page that pops up will show if your refund has been received. Also if you do not have access to a computer system you may call their 24 hour automated customer service line at 800-717-7228. This line is real time and will tell you exactly where your refund is in the SBBT system. The phone number to reach a live individual is 877-908-7228Once again, please rest assured if your return makes it to SBBT then you will get your money it just may not be on tomorrow. I hope this helps someone  


Je recois toujours des courriels des gens qui posent des questions au sujet de l'impt,  comment faire pour ne plus recevoir tous ces courriels  

If you efiled both returns initially, your state return may have been processed.  Check Efile Status under Print & File to see.  If you efiled only federal and now want to efile again after fixing errors, be sure to go back to Print & File to start over.  You should see a screen that lets you choose efile my federal return now and dont efile my state now.  After efiling your federal, go back to Print & File again to print your state return for mail.  


WILL THIS BE ANSWERED THIS EVENING? IT'S ALREADY AFTER 11PM HERE  

This is mainly a public community user forum, not a direct route to TurboTax Customer Support.If youd rather get text messages, see if you can do this?  If your return is open, see if you can click on MY ACCOUNT and \nthen go into Account Settings and then to the Security tab.  Then scroll to Two-Step \nVerification.  You may be able to switch to text messages to get the\n code.When you go to retrieve the code, do NOT close the original screen \nwhere you are asked for the code.  You have to keep the verification \nscreen open while you use a second tab or second window\n to retrieve the code from your email.  Then you enter it in the screen \nthat you left open.  If you close that original screen, it resets \neverything, and the code will be seen as expired.If you are unable to use email or text messages to get the \ncode, does the interface where it asks for the code have a small link \nthat says something like Id like to use another method or Didnt get a code?   If so, try that.Also read this FAQ and see if any of the info is helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4576376  


Parce que dhabitude Jachete le deluxe a 39,99 je veux les memes fonctionnaliteJe dois envoyer mes impot au gouv par lA POSTE c;EST QUOI LA DIFFERENCE ENTRE LES DEUX  

Those costs would not be eligible for education credits. 


je parle des taxes municipale et scolaire  

To enter into TurboTax, type �1099-s� (without the quotes) in the search window, make your selection among the four choices.highlight, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions.In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right, middle icon), then Topic Search. 


I signed up to have money taken out each month, on the 16th and I havent seen a transaction yet. Need to MAKE SURE IT WAS SET UP CORRECTLY. CALL ME xxxxxxxxxxx  

Please dont post personal information on a public message board.  Any stranger could call you and pretend to be from TurboTax and acquire personal information from you.I signed up to have money taken out each month, on the 16th and I havent seen a transaction yet.\nIt can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf\n 


Le MRQ ma retourn un avis de cotisation disant que javais inscrit un montant auquel je navais pas droit en ligne 457.Or le montant est diffrent de celui de la ligne 97 et il ne devrait mme pas  y  tre.Erreur dans le logiciel? Do vient ce montant? Il y a environs 40$ de diffrence.  

If you indicate that you do not have a custody agreement, Turbo Tax will then move on to the next tax rule related to children of separated or divorced parents.  That rule is related to the number of nights the child spent with you as this is what the IRS uses to determine who should get the deduction.  In other words, if the majority of nights were spent with you (and not your ex), then you are entitled to the deduction.    For more information, please see:http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf 


I'm trying to claim the disability amount transferred from my son, but it asks to enter amounts from his tax return? I've left all boxes at "0" but it doesn't change my balance. He's 4 years old, do I have to file a return for him?  

yes, that income is taxable. However, if you pay taxes in Korea, you can get a credit for foreign paid taxes (on form 1116)  


Government tells me that the CPP was wrong and the EI taxable earnings????????  

No credit for student parents. "Child and dependent care expenses must be work-related to qualify for the credit. Expenses are considered work-related only if both of the following are true. They allow you (and your spouse if filing jointly) to work or look for work.They are for a qualifying persons care.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p503/ar02.html#en_US_publink1000203291  


I want to enter line 256 Exempt foreign income.  Where can I find it in online version of the software?  

The first question should be, are the tip outs reported in income.  If you report your tips to your employer NET of tip outs, they are not, and you cannot deduct them.IRS Publication 517 suggests "If you participate in a tip-splitting or tip-pooling arrangement, report only the tips you receive and retain. Do not report to your employer any portion of the tips you receive that you pass on to other employees."(If your employer requires you to report tips gross instead of net of tipouts you need to educate your employer to be sure you get a benefit from them.  One reason is that if you need to deduct tipouts, they are a miscellaneous itemized deduction, why may be very limited or non-existent, especially if you dont itemize.)  


I added a remote starter to my vehicle that is 80% business use. I would like to claim this as a vehicle addition on the T2125 form.  

Education is a big part of the deductions and credits this year and can make a big difference!  Wait for your refund, and then amend your return.  You can do this in www.turbotax.com.  On the support tab enter "amend a return."  


I require TurboTax Premier (as I have rental income).  However, she has a very basic return, and normally I would have chosen "the Standard" Turbo Tax return (three T4's, and student interest to claim as a deduction...only).  When I was selecting the options, I believed that the price was $19.99 (for my spouse) since I have filed a Premier return at $34.99.  Maybe I misunderstood?  One note, if I am entitled to a price adjustment, I would be more than happy with an account credit for my 2016 return.  Even a price reduction code would also be of value.  

Its difficult to answer without knowing which expenses they selected to examine.  However, in most instances, the best advice is to reconstruct to the greatest extent possible.  For example, a physician could issue a second receipt or perhaps your cancelled check payable to the physician would suffice. 


How can file T2209 and T1135 forms online to CRA....please guide me step by step.....also please guide me how to fill the form T2209. Thanks  

Yes, but you dont need to enter zeroes in TurboTax.  


I have a couple of questions for which all assistance will be appreciated. a) I have filled up the GIFI schedule and clicked in the Info Form, Complete Return from GIFI, however the line does not auto-populate the column of Gross Revenue. Do I have to manually fill it in ?b) Where can I add the Home Use expenses ? c) Where do I add startup expenses ? I understand there is a separate form for it.  

I found out today that even though Turbo Tax says that is pending it may have been processed. I have also been a long time Turbo Tax user and am very disppointed with the "glitches" they are having this year. Check this link for Ohio and enter your SS# and birthday and you can find your TRUE status. You can do the same with any other state. Just go to your states .gov website. Theone for OHIO is listed below. Hope this helps!!!!https://www.tax.state.oh.us/PROD/WheresMyRefundWeb/wheresmyrefund.jsp  


The schedule 125 of CRA is different from the Schedule 125 I see on Turbo-Tax T2 Software. The form as per CRA is here : http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pbg/tf/t2sch125/t2sch125-14e.pdfThe form as per T2 in Turbo Tax 2015-2016 only has the high-level overview and does not have any accounting codes. can someone advise if there is an error in the T2 software or the forms have changed ?  

No.  From the IRS Publication 503 re the Child and Dependent Care Credit (this document is from 2010 but there were no changes in 2011):"Expenses not paid until the following year.   Do not count 2009 expenses that you paid in 2010 as work-related expenses for 2010. You may be able to claim an additional credit for them on your 2010 return, but you must figure it separately."  


Can  someone please advise the CCA classes of the following items :1. Desktop Computer - $ 9962. LCD Monitors - $ 2703. WACOM Writing Pen - $ 4404. Computer Speakers - $ 1105. LCD Stands (Mounts) - $ 806. Deskphone with Cordless Phone - $ 2007. Multi-function Printer - $ 200Many thanks for your assistance.  

I assume he was a full time student.  A full time student is someone who met the schools criteria for full time student for any portion of any five months during the year.You can if the child is your qualifying child.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- they must be US citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico  


I'm working on  employment related driving section of my taxes and have received this error message  1\tKilometres driven in the taxation year to earn income cannot be more than total kilometres driven in the taxation year 2\tThe information in this field is invalid. Either there are too many characters entered or the format is incorrect. Please review. karen : Calculation of Motor Vehicle Expenses however the total I've entered in Enter the kilometres you drove in the taxation year to earn employment income is lower then the total I entered in \t1Enter the total kilometres you drove in the taxation year  

The symbol is: TAMBX  


Were sorry, the Canada Revenue Agency was unable to accept your NETFILE tax return.This message pops up whenever I file my return. please help me  

The most you can get back is the amount your paid in on your W-2 plus any refundable credits you might qualify for.  Your home deductions will go on Schedule A for mortgage interest, taxes, etc.  They will lower taxable income but they will not result in a bigger refund.  As on employee business expenses, they are itemized deduction also and only will decrease taxable income, not provide any further refund.  You have to remember that you barely paid anything in all year long, so its tough to get back what was never put in.  Make sure you report your 1099 income properly as there is the earned income credit that you may qualify for. 


I applied for three trademarks when starting up the company. We realized later that the trademarks will not give us any significant advantage so we did not pursue it and the trademark was defaulted. How do we book this in our taxes for T2 filing ? Do we need to append notes elsewhere regards the fact that we did not pursue the trademarks.  

If someone else claimed you or your dependent child inappropriately, and if they file first, the IRS will reject your return if e-filed.  You would then need to file a return on paper, claiming the dependent if appropriate.  Shortly (up to a year) thereafter, the IRS will correspond with both of you to determine which should be allowed the exemption.  (One sure way to lose the exemption is to ignore the IRS correspondence when received - make sure you respond timely.)Lesson:  If you are entitled to the exemption, file first by filing early.  


I have duel citizenship with Canada and the USA. I have been a nonresident of Canada since 1988. In 2015 I worked in Nunavut for a period of 3 months. Which forms do i need to send to CRA?  

If you have a 1099-DIV you would enter both amounts that are listed on the form. 


There was no option/question to enter this information during the interview so where/when do I enter it?  

You need to use your 2009 tax software to amend your 2009 tax return. Find Other Tax Situations, then Other Tax Forms, then Amend a Return.You have three years to amend a return. Till April 15, 2012.  


My husband and I separated last year and are filing our returns separately however Turbotax will not let me net file without entering my ex husband's net income.  

You should typically receive your TurboTax Refund Card within 7-10 days from the day you sign up for the card. If you do not receive the card after 10 days, please review the following contact options:For cards issued (TurboTax 2011), please call Customer Service at 1-866-543-9160  


It keeps asking for amounts from his return, but he's 4 years old, he doesn't do a return. I believe the disability amount is $12,506, but I don't know where to enter it?  

As long as you have to do taxes you must Absolutelyclaim all income no matter how small unless it is under 50 cents  


I need 2012 forms  

If you want to use TurboTax to complete and file the 2012 return go to this website to purchase and download one of the 2012 desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2012 return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.You can also get free federal forms, schedules and instructions for prior tax years from the IRS - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlNote: If filing for a tax refund the time to file a 2012 tax return has expired.  To file a 2012 tax return for a tax refund had to be filed on or before April 15, 2016.  


Im completing 2013 returns for my wife and myself. Do I need to create a separate Turbotax account to file her return?  

See the following, it states for the Free Edition but it has worked for other versionshttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return/Access-Your-TurboTax-Online-2009-Free-Edition-Return/HOW13547.html?_requestid=28647  


2014 amount was $0.  

Rent is not deductible regardless of who it was paid to. So no, you shouldnt enter this. There isnt anywhere to enter it anyway. 


This is an academic question for my understanding. If I have claimed Input Tax Credits in 1st year and got a refund for it the next year, do I need to exclude the tax credit while filing taxes or do I leave it like this and claim it as income the next year or do I have to do both.  

Not unless you saved it as a .tax2009 file to your computer last year.  But you can continue your 2010 return you started online in the 2010 desktop program.  


can you look/get into the thing i am just working on ?  

I found it� after inputting info from the 1099-R and defining whether the IRA was inherited, chose the option "I converted over this distribution".  That will open up the other boxes necessary to define a re-characterization.  


I have a Script error message Code 0 every time I try to access my file.  I have been unable to print or efile my return as each time I try to exit the error message the screen becomes address invalid  

Just delete your state return. 


I left canada (emigrated) mid-year and ceased being a tax resident upon departure.  I answered the questions in turbotax to reflect this including being a non-resident on Dec 31st and leaving Canada on March 20th.  Turbotax filed my taxes using the non-resident form 5013-R, not the correct 5006 form which means that my foreign tax credits were not allowed and I have been re-assesed to owe large taxes with interest because of the error.CRA has suggested I resubmit my taxes on the correct form to try to claim the tax credits, but I am not sure what sort of penalties or interest I may face, plus now I have to re-do my taxes by hand spending more time.Your website says you guarantee your calculations to be correct, and I think you calculated it properly, but by submitting the wrong form, the calculation of foreign tax credits was disallowed.  Will you stand by your product and fix this and cover my costs?  

a baby born during the year is considered to have lived with you the entire year.Congratulations! 


Je veux juste avoir mes impots  

The IRS e-file system has no method set up to include additional unanticipated explanations, attachments, copies of documents, etc.  Consequently, tax software such as Turbotax has nothing set up to receive them. 


What is part 4 tax  

Suggest you use Code 519100, Internet Publishing.  


This is what I get when I am trying to file and it wont be accepted by CRA. #180010 - The first digit of the message number on the left identifies one of your financial statements.\n\nThe sum of all income lines minus the expenses claimed does not equal the net income/loss on line 9946 of this statement. Please verify all your income and expense entries. Your software should create the value for line 9946 using amounts you entered on the preceding income and expenses lines. Therefore, you may need to change the entries on the preceding lines in response to this message.\n\nWhat does this mean where do I correct the mistake ?  

You dont have many options. Child support is not deductable for you and not  income fot your ex-spouse. Alimony would have been deductable to you and income to your spouse but that is water over the dam. Your only hope is to get your spouse to sign the form that lets you can have one or more of the kids as dependents. Maybe you can work out a deal with your ex-spouse. 


I have already filed my tax return.  I have since received another T4 which I sent proper forms to correct.CRA is now asking me for a corrected  return (they say they did not receive the original for which I have a confirmation number).  I have now tried to refile the return but the programme will not let meDo I need to print and send it by mail.thanks  

Hi there,Heres a link to information about dependents:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/Who-Is-A-Dependent-/GEN12426.htmlI hope you find this useful. Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz  


On voit les impts amricains quil y a pays sur le formulaire W-2. Il a reu les T4 et relev 1 correspondants. Comment doit-on entrer son formulaire W-2 pour viter la double imposition? Merci!  

"Does this situation qualify as an exception?"Probably, but only the IRS can say for sure, as there is no specific guideline.  I would claim the moving expenses and, if questioned, discuss the reasons for the IRS at that time.  


very simple - I like to buy 2 more returns to Turbo Premier with the limit of 20  

Yes, that makes perfect sense as long as the phone is dedicated to the rental properties exclusively. If not, you should apportion the bill for business use.  


Graham: Cdn Forces pension- $23507.28                Sandra: CPP $5297.52                                                                                             CPP-                          $ 6041.64                               OAS $5768.88                OAS                          $  6786.90                              RIF   $881.41                Total                          $36335.82                                   $11947.81  

Without knowing the reason for rejection, no one can help you  


I moved from Ontario to the USA in 2015I became a non-resident of Canada on the date that I movedI entered this information into TurboTaxIt added the Statement of World Income to my tax return which clearly statesComplete this schedule and attach it to your return if you were a non-resident of Canada or a deemed non-resident of Canada for all\nof 2015  

DAVY 12 


In the RRSP Worksheet, I dont see my deduction limit that is entered in T-slip gets transferred. This is the max limit CRA allows. What I see is the TurboTaxs own calculation based on the deductions available for 2015, which is greater than what CRA allows. How to fix this?  

Im not sure what you mean by deduction limit that is entered on T-slip.  Your deduction limit, per CRA should be found at the bottom of your notice of assessment.  In order to correct your present deduction limit, click on the forms icon, top bar, and typre in RRSP.  Choose RRSP worksheet.  The page that pops up should have the box where you can enter or correct your deduction limit. It must match the amount on the NOA.  


We are Canadian expatriates and are non-residents for the last 7 years.  We have one rental property in Alberta and must file non-resident rental forms.  Previously we have had our taxes completed by a third party.   Can Turbotax help us fill out the 216 forms for rental income and including deductions for maintenance expenses, etc?  My wife and I are 50/50 on the house so there are two almost identical returns submitted. We know nettle is not possible and forms must be printed and mailed by June 30th.  Can Turbotax complete these non-resident rental tax forms?  

Your purchase does not have to be reported on your tax return, shes the one who has to report the sale.  For you, you can only deduct the interest on the note if its secured by the house, meaning she has the legal right to foreclose if its not paid.  If it is secured by the property then you deduct the interest the same as any other mortgage.  


I get a car allowance and T2200 but am taxed on it.  Can I claim mileage as well?  

You can import a 1099Div.  But what do you mean for your schedule C?  You dont report 1099Div on schedule C.  They go on schedule B.Info on importing your 1099s or W2 into Turbo Tax online��http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Import/Import-into-TurboTax-Online/GEN12145.html Turbo Tax Partners you can import W2s and 1099s from�..http://www.partner.turbotax.com/partner_list.html  


I have delayed my submission of my tax forms because of this bug.  

It depends on the time your return was accepted and what machine your return was placed in. 


I have this feeling like my taxes form werent actually submitted, I didnt get any kind of confirmation  

Casualty losses are itemized deductionThe loss is reduced by $100 plus 10% of AGI before you get to the allowed loss as a deduction.With your income you wouldnt benefit from a casualty loss until it exceeded about $6300  


my husband was joint with me but now the business is in my name how do I calculate the CCA ?  

You may have to file as a non-resident alien on Form 1040NR.  This form is not supported in TurboTax.See IRS Instructions for Form 1040NR http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040nr.pdf HTML http://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040nr/index.html  


how does the releve 15 slip relate to the turbo tax form  

You cannot enter self employment income using the Free Edition of TurboTax because it does not support Schedule C. However, you are posting your question from the Basic version which does support Schedule C. Here is where you enter self employment income. You report self employment income in the Business Income and Expenses section. To enter it, click on Tools then Topic Search. Type "business income, self-employed" without the quotation marks in the search box and click on matching words in the drop down box and click Go.  After completing several screens you should see one that gives you the choice to enter 1099-MISC Income or several other types of income including General Income.  


on GIF schedule 125 on line 9980 - Unearned losses I have deducted the amount $2,000 example which get me to my Net Income. On schedule 1  - Net income (loss) for income tax purposes the unearned loss is add back +2,000 example.Because of added back amount the net income for tax purposes is higher by hat amount. Therefor I pay higher taxes.Am I missing something from this? Please help me explain how to properly account this on the tax filling.  

You can pay by direct debit or credit card (it would be faster than mail) from one of the IRS e-pay service providers see the followinghttp://www.irs.gov/efile/article/0,,id=101316,00.htmlWith the EFTPS you do have to enroll and it would take five to seven business days to receive your personal indentification number (PIN), see the followinghttps://www.eftps.gov/eftps/  


I deleted all of those entries because that was not income but rather investments I had made then sold to purchase my home. Is that ok?  

The difference between the purchase price of those investments and the selling price is, indeed, income.  You should ask your investment firm for a buy sell report and report these investments as capital gains.  If the info from CRA reported the full amount as income, there may not have been a cost included on the document that reported the sale of the investments.  When done correctly, you will pay 50% tax on the capital gains.  


Hello,  I already requested April 13. But I didn;t get my tax return check. What is wrong ? Could you check my progress? or Should I contact CRA ? please let me know me.  

You need to log back into your TurboTax account to make sure that you completed the netfile process. When done correctly, you should have been given a 6 digit confirmation number from CRA.  Otherwise, you would have to ask CRA about your tax refund.  1-800-959-8281  


I keep inputting my self employment income and it keeps reverting back to zero.  

1) You moved into a higher tax bracket.  2)  All your deductions & exemptions were applied to yor first W-2...so perhaps theres none lft to take by the time you netr the second one.Sounds like your withholding was perfectly matched for the amount of income you had. 


I built an office in my garage for my business. I need to know where I can put all the expenses for this. I have seen people answer in the T2125, but where is the question as it does not tell me. I am using the Home & Business version.  

Click on the income tab and then scroll down to self-employment.  Choose business or professional.  On the next page choose other business.  


Both Spouses are Canadian Citizens and considered Canadian Non Residents. They have Canadian Rental Property and wife had some trailing year commissions paid out in 2015 or 2014. They have to file as Canadian Non Resident. The wife's income is showing up on the Husbands T1 "Information about your spouse or common law partner" but the husbands US income "Worldwide" is not showing up on the wife's.  What am I doing wrong?  

That would be the bank or servicing company that handled the mortgage.  


Refund from turbotax product coupon not used and promised last April in 2 to 4 weeks.  I am still waiting with my incident number.  

Go back to where you entered your W-2"s, and change it there.  


Should my expenses go in T777 or should it go in T2125, I have Self Employment Commission in Box 20 of a T4A and expenses pertaining to it?  

Your expenses should go in the T2125.  The T4A will trigger the 2125.  


I can't find anything under the deductions category in this amount and now I am being asked to provide proof to the CRA and I don't even know what it's for.  

Turbotax takes their sales tax number from the IRS Commissioners sales tax tables.  They are based on income, family size and sales tax rates.If you can support a higher figure and have receipts, you can claim that figure.  However, I doubt even with the receipts it would be four times higher (and you indicate you dont have the receipts.)  For example, many apparent sales taxes arent deductible, such as excise taxes on gasoline (that are based on gallons, not dollars), and many purchases in different taxing jurisdictions are not taxable (such as prescriptions or food.)  


\n\n\n\nCrazy Happenings with TurboTax. This really should be a simple\nquestion but even personnel at CRA could not figure it out. Re Medical\nExpenses, in particular Private Health Service Plan premiums (PHSPs) my wife\npays through her work that are deducted from her pay but not itemized on her\nT4. I realize these can be used as medical expenses but for the last 2 years\nthey have not helped our Refund at all despite the expenses of $3322.28\nfalling within the allowable 3% of my wifes net income (more of the lessor of\n$2208 or 3% - $1174.77) and her tax payable certainly has not been reduced to\nzero (in that case I would understand why the credit is not adding to our\nrefund). These premiums are deducted on every pay stub. Can anyone explain\nwhy there is no credit added onto our return once we claim these PHSPs. There\nis a check box for entering Medical receipts from 2015 or Private Health\nService Premiums. The way you enter them should still end up resulting in the\nsame credit but they do not. The only way these premiums seem\nto help is if they are entered in as an actual medical receipt and not\nseparately as payments to a Private Health Service Plan entry. Of\ncourse I am sure this will end up in a review by CRA. As a test\nwithin the Turbotax software I entered last years unused PHSPs of over\n$3200 as a medical receipt and combined with this years PHSPs we were given a\ncredit finally. I then deleted test amounts and entered ONLY the PHSPs for\n2015 as a Medical Receipt and deleted the amount from the PHSP box so only the\none proper amount was entered as a medical receipt and what do you know, our\nrefund increased by almost $500. I verified this by going back and entering it\nagain as a Health Plan expense instead of a receipt and entering this\nway reduced our refund by almost $500. Heres THE CRAZY GLITCHY part which\nleaves me no longer trusting Turbo tax to truly be giving us our maximum\nreturns. I changed the figure from premium box entry to medical receipt entry\nagain to continue on with our taxes and our refund STAYED THE SAME. The $500\nincrease disappeared. I went on to a few more steps to confirm it wasnt\nkicking in and nope. Gone. I am finding many glitches and oddities arising\nfrom using this software from year to year. We used to get a credit year after\nyear when we combined the premiums with a few actual medical receipts but we\nhave no co-pay now so are out of pocket very little for prescriptions and just\nhave the premiums as an expense now. The software leaves large gaps for losing\nmoney on ones return in a few areas year after year if you do not work the\nnumbers and try different scenarios with which spouse claims what credits you\nstand the chance of losing large sums of money in credits not claimed under the right spouse and\nTurbotax should be making these suggestions for you. It certainly lets you make\nmistakes without offering guidance on the fly. It is very unhelpful at guiding people and ensuring the maximum\nreturn as it promises. The above may seem a bit complicated but its a very\nsimple question when it comes down to it but I could find nothing on the Intuit/Turbotax\nwebsite or the CRA website. I cant believe no one else has noticed such an anomaly. As an update and to further the weirdness I opened another save version of our return before medical expenses were entered at all and entering the Medical Premiums in their proper box or as a medical receipt doesnt change our refund at all now. Thx for any help in advance. Bill\n\n\n\n  

Im guessing you are not aware that later in the interview in the Wages & Income section, you will be specifically asked if you have any foreign back accounts, financial assets, or other foreign assets. That is the correct place to enter this data. If  you dont see this in the Basic version of TT you are using, then youll need at least the Deluxe version. 


Hello,I already before question to Turbotax, but I want mor detail information.I got a answer but I couldnt finish my Turbotax account netfile.Q1 : If I couldnt finish reason is possible already closed 2015 tax return period? Q2 : How can I cancel 2015 Tax retunrn ? I mean I want to try next year , but I heard one of my friends , If I want to try 2015 tax refund next year, I should be cancel first request my tax return.  

You can still file 2015 taxes either by mail, NetFile or EFILE.If you have not yet filed for 2015, due to issues you have with NetFile or some other problem, I suggest strongly you opt for one of the following.a) complete your return  with Turbotax , print it and mail it in, attaching required schedules and T-slip copiesorb) have a professional tax preparer complete, mail or EFILE your return.  


I have a client with an 18 year old son (born 1997) that is a dependent and infirm.  This client was separated from her husband during the year.  He has NOT claimed any of the credits associated with this dependent. As far as I understand the supporting parent should be able to claim:-Eligible dependent $11,327-family caregiver $2,093 (this amount gets added to the $11,327 and reported on line 305 of Sch 1)- caregiver $6,701 (or is it $4,608 as FC is already claimed)-disability transfer $7,899 line 318The son has a net income of zero in 2015.  All of the federal amounts listed above (and the related provincial amounts) are pulling from Sch 5 onto Sch 1 EXCEPT for the caregiver amount.  Line 315 remains at 0.00.I believe that this parent should be eligible but I cant make the software calculate the amount.Please advise as to how I get this to work.Thank you :)Sandra  

No.  If your only income was from military pay then you did not receive income from OK.  


Ive looked at every similar question and it seems there is no answer. In the 2015 Online Edition of Turbotax Home & Business there seems to be no way to enter your spouses income when filing together. I have redone the entire process using new files three times and I still come up with the same error. I receive this message: Your spouse/partners income for the year is required to properly calculate your tax return. If you dont enter it, when the CRA receives your spouse/partners return you will be reassessed and youll owe the difference in your refund or tax payable, plus interest. Your spouse/partners income is required even if they passed away during the tax year.It seems in older versions, when you enter your personal information there is a space for this information. In the 2015 version Home & Business, where is this supposed to be entered? There is no section for spouses information. It just goes into creating a profile for my spouse..  

WIth the desktop version you do get the 5 free Federal efiles so you can do your return and your mothers.  If you got the desktop version with the Free State program you can use the free State for whichever one you want then purchase the additional state (you can use both state programs for yourself and your mothers return).  To efile a State return the cost is $19.95, you can mail in the return to avoid the charge.  


I couldnt get File, I follwed your answer, but I got error.I felt so difficult.so, Now I just want a cancel.How can I cancel 2015 tax return?after cancel can I try next year?  

In desktop versions:1.\tGo to the search window next to Find (upper right of screen), 2.\tType 1098-T in the field, click on 1098-T tuition payments,3.\tYou will come to the "Education Expenses" screen, follow prompts,4.\tYou will get to "Lets Work on Any 1098-Ts for You" screen Click YesOn the screen "Tell Us about your Education"  you are asked about more than half time statusIf you enter a 1098t and do not check box 8, you will get a message that there is a conflict and TurboTax will treat you as being at least half time  


I have all my information and dont want to have to pay someone else to do it for me. Its very straightforward. Thanks!  

You need to report your social security income. However, based on other income, etc those benefits may or may not be taxed.From the IRSIf the only income you received during 2010 was your social security or the SSEB portion of tier 1 railroad retirement benefits, your benefits generally are not taxable and you probably do not have to file a return. If you have income in addition to your benefits, you may have to file a return even if none of your benefits are taxable. Base amount.   Your base amount is: $25,000 if you are single, head of household, or qualifying widow(er),$25,000 if you are married filing separately and lived apart from your spouse for all of 2010,$32,000 if you are married filing jointly, or$-0- if you are married filing separately and lived with your spouse at any time during 2010.The complete discussion can be found in Publication 915 - here is the link to it.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p915/ar02.html#en_US_2010_publink100097869  


It was my understanding from Internet that this was a free tax return file.  I had no idea that I was going to be charged at the end.  

you are a resident of Missouri, where you currently live  


Can they be printed in a different format?  

You can enter the 1098t and the excess of box 5 over tuition expenses would be reported as scholarship income.OR (that is "OR", not both)You can take the total scholarship less the 2011 tuition and report that amount as taxable scholarship in other income.  Where do I enter scholarship income?Taxable income from scholarships, fellowships, or grants are entered in the Income section of the interview, under the topic Less Common Income. Follow these directions to jump directly to the entry screen. In online versions:Click the Tools button in the upper right corner,Then select Topics & Forms,In the search window, type scholar in the field, select either scholarship topic from the list, and click Go, You will come to the "Taxable Scholarships and Fellowships" screen, follow prompts.More infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Paying-Qualified-Education-Expenses-with-Grants-or-Scholarships/GEN80525.html 


Bonsoir,Mon ex conjoint et papa de notre fils me demande des renseignements sur moi pour sa fiche d'impts (comme mon adresse, ma date de naissance, si je suis marie, l'adresse de mon employeur).Mais je ne comprends pas pourquoi ils lui demandent ces renseignements en sachant qu'on a jamais t marie, et surtout que sa fait 6 ans que nous sommes plus ensemble!!!!!!Savez-vous pourquoi?  

Your understanding is correct. So long as the payments are current, you will not get a 1099-R and the loan is not a taxable distribution. 


My wife is self-employed, will turn 64 this June and elected to collect CPP effective 1 Jan 2015.  TurboTax calculates that she should still contribute to CPP as both an employer and employee - just like she did when she was not collecting CPP.  I can override TurboTax and put in a 0 in the applicable line but then I cant net file the return - and I want to net file.  What should I do?  Does my wife still have to make CPP contributions? Thanks  

You must file either married filing separately or married filing jointly. It is almost always better to file jointly but if your husband wont agree, your only choice is married filing separately. If you did not have income, you are not required to file a tax return. 


I have highlighted my spouses name when open in forms.  Her return is complete and I want to file it now before my return.  TurboTax keeps bringing up my return first and after review wants me to certify.  Will it then netfile me?  

Total commuting miles is asking for the miles that you drive to and from your job.  Commuting miles are not deductible but traveling to a temporary site would be deductible."If you have one or more regular work locations away from your home and you commute to a temporary worklocation in the same trade or business, you can deduct the expenses of the daily round-trip transportation between your home and the temporary location, regardless of distance."  Page 14 of http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p463.pdf. 


2   le logiciel ne veut pas dpartir les revenus de location entre mon conjoint et moi. Ils doivent tre de 50% selon lagence du revenu du canada.  

This is how Start-Up costs are entered--from this, you can find the deduction and remove it.This is how to deduct your start-up cost amortization:In Turbo Tax, select the Business tab, click on the Business Income and Expenses link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Business Income and choose Business Income and Expenses (Sch C). At the Business Summary page scroll down to Business Assets and select. Here, you can add assets. After you add assets (in your case startup costs). The following lists the pages with appropriate answers for Start-up Costs:Describe This Asset:  OtherTell Us a Little More: Amortizable intangiblesTell Us About this Asset: Start-up Costs  -- Amount you paid for it: $25,000  - treat as "new" purchased 01/01/2011Select a Code Section: 195- Business Start-up CostsRecovery Period: 15I hope this helps!  


I've started with the Business version, but it is asking me questions regarding business numbers that I do not have. please advise.  

Are you referring to energy credits. The credit for qualified hybrid vehicles ended on December 31, 2010. Any acquisitions after January 1, 2011 are not eligible for this credit. See: http://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/article/0,,id=203122,00.htmlSome states may have credits available in 2011. A summary of state hybrid tax credits (from a non-Intuit source) is here: http://www.hybridcars.com/local-incentives/region-by-region.html 


Paid on Apr. 25, 2016 Transaction # *** Autho # *** now Im ready to send my return and the program wants me to pay again. Help now?  

No, they are not.  


Hello - I filed my VA return April 3, and my understanding was that the tax payment due would be taken out of my bank account on May 2.  It hasn't been taken out yet, and I want to make sure that it will be.  How long does VA usually take to debit a bank account?  Thanks-  

When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I have received confirmation the federal government has received and accepted my taxes, but no refund. The state government hasn't sent any word yet.  

Was your state return accepted?Only the IRS and state can tell you the status of your refunds.  


how is low income is calculated? i need figures please.Would this apply to Quebec residents/Canada?  

You will almost certainly save money on your taxes by filing jointly. There might be an exception if you live in Ohio.  


I talked to my employer about underpayment of NY state tax. According to them it is something to do with IT-201 form. Could you please tell me what is wrong exactly?  

IT-201 is your NY state income tax return.  Please see this:https://www.tax.ny.gov/pit/file/interest_and_penalties.htm#underpaying_your_estimated_tax 


May I know under what circumstances my Line 17, 18 and 19 of Form 6251 will not be zeroes? Note that, Ive long term capital gain in Sch. D with part of the gain due to the sold of RSU and ESPP. I also have a rental property which I havent disposed. Is it normal to have zeroes in these 3 lines?  

Those lines are for the differences in depreciation between the reg & AMT rules ... the tax benefits rules which you may not have and it is normal if you didnt use any accelerated depreciation options.  


I know the number on the Line 4 in Deduction Recoveries Worksheet is obtained from the previous year tax return (Line 9b in the Form 8960 Worksheet), say 2014. My question is, if I also currently filing an amendment for 2014, what number should I use for Line 4 in the 2015 tax return? Is the number shown in the original 2014 tax return? Or the number shown in the amended 2014 tax return?  

You should use the figures on the to be filed 2014 amended return to keep from having to also amend the 2015 return after you mail in the 2014 form 1040X.  


My federal tax was accepted at the same time as my state, and the IRS withdrew the tax payment from my bank acct as scheduled, but not the state. The state deadline is tomorrow, if they don't withdraw the payment will I have to pay a late fee?  

**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  .  \n\n\n\n> If you  owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Hi, I live abroad and do not have a US phone number.  What is an easy way for an international number in your personal info setting?  

If youre preparing a return and talking about the mailing address/phone section under the Personal Info tab, it will not take an international phone number.  Youll just have to leave that phone field blank.  Its not mandatory, and wont affect your ability to efile.  The IRS wont phone you anyway.  


Using original 2014 tax return data will give me no credit carry forward to 2016 while using amended 2014 tax return data will give me $190 credit carry forward to 2016. Which info should I use?  

You always use the most current information so use the amended returns figures.  


Why did you guys charge me separately for each tax return you guys filed? I feel like in years past I just paid one amount and it was a lot lower than this. As well when your website continually asked me to get the upgraded version of turbotax, it made it look like one whole payment for each return.  

In the Online products, there are separate fees for the Federal return preparation and each state return preparation.  Not everyone needs a state return. If youre using the Online Deluxe (which is what is displayed next to your username above), then the current fees would be 54.99 for a Federal return, and 39.99 for each State return.  


I tried using TurboTax as always, but should I go to a CPA?  

Yes, you can amend to MFJ once he has the SS# if you want to.  


I received an IRS Letter 5071c for my 2015 return, that was likely due to two fraudulent auto-rejected returns submitted via TurboTax in 2013.  In any event, Id like to prevent future tax refund delay pending ID verification by lengthy travel to the nearest local TAC office.  Can I voluntarily request a PIN or does IRS selectively issue that credential in its sole discretion?  If possible to request a PIN, would it serve my desired purpose of avoiding future ID verification letters?  Tnx in advance!  

Sadly there is no blanket opt in for IP PINs unless you live in one of the test states (and I heard the test program may have closed at this time) so you cannot request one at this time.  Usually you dont get hit with an  \n\n IRS Letter 5071c  again once they pass you in the system.   https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-An-Identity-Protection-PIN  


I attended a Drug convention for work. spent 300.00 in hotel fees, 100 in meals,  100 in parking, 50.00 in gas and traveled over 100 miles are these items deductible.  

If you are not being reimbursed by your employer, these are deductible as an Unreimbursed Employee Business Expense, and would be entered on Schedule A.  Only the amounts spent in excess of 2% of your adjusted gross income will actually be deductible on Schedule A, and all your itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for there to be any tax benefit.  


I paid to have my state returned efiled, but was blocked from doing so.  How do I get the $24.99 back?  

Call customer support during the work week. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue.  Dont use the word Refund since you will get funneled to automated tax refund sites.  (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


What is a amend,, what does it do  

Two questions here:When filing an original return, you cant file state only.  You can either file state and federal at the same time, or you can file federal only and then log back into the program to file the state after the federal return is accepted (this normally only takes a day or so.)  Amending a return means filing a second return to correct an error in your original return. Amended returns cant be e-filed, they have to be printed and mailed only.  They consist of a complete paper copy of your corrected tax return plus a cover sheet that summarizes the changes.  


I followed all the instructions but up until recently it said it was incomplete, now it is saying to print and mail, but I already did that and all the copies I have are the same.. Do you have any updates?  

If you filed your tax return on paper, your refund could take up to eight weeks to process.https://www.individual.tax.virginia.gov/VTOL/IndRefundStatus.seam  


I though this was fixed because I spent an hour on a phone with a representative on Monday.  

You have to click YES to being claimed.  Did someone tell you to click on NO?  Maybe they said to go to No 3 (meaning number).  Click on Personal Info then click Edit by his name and scroll down to #3  


I received $1836.76, due $2030.00  

Some of that may be TT fees that you had deducted. Otherwise, the IRS will be mailing you a letter about the difference.  


How can I be sure my taxes were sent to the IRS?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


How are late penalties determined and how do I pay them?  

The IRS will send you a bill in the mail for the penalties.  See this IRS Tax Topic for penalties - https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc653.html  


Mom doesn't file case she's on disability I was told I didn't need to file cause I'm under 10000 I don't know this is the first time  

Answered in the comments  


Any body receive their refund before sent date may 4th  

Although it can show in your account the day before I wouldnt  count on it.  


As self employed if should pay CPP and Ei can I deduced it from my income, how I calculate I much I own and where do I deduced it  

Youre using the Basic version of TurboTax Online, its not free. Have you used TurboTax Online in the past? Did you transfer your prior year tax information?To determine the version of TurboTax Online youre using, look to the top of the TurboTax Online screen.To use a less expensive version of TurboTax Online, like the Free Edition, you can create a new TurboTax Online user account and start over or contact TurboTax Support. To contact TurboTax Support, go here to receive a phone number: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/  


Ive already used BOTH the IRSs AND TURBOTAXs useless Wheres My Refund tracking tools, neither give me any information I can use and it is well past the typical 21 day wait period. I need to speak to an actual person but its impossible to get the IRS on the phone  

Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3352811-where-is-my-profanity-removed-tax-return  


Not sure what to do; because I already got my Federal Tax return. My stated has not come in yet so I went on Turbotax and it is saying I didnt file. But I go to my email and it says Missouri and Federal received my tax returns.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen. 


I recently won $20k in slot machine in NY in Feb'16. I got a check for all 20k and a W2. When should I have to pay tax on it?a) During my next tax file (in 2017), or,b) is there time period (like within 90 days of winning) before which I should deposit Fed and state tax. If (b), then how do I pay tax before my next filing of tax?  

The winnings are  2016 taxable income.  The question is whether or not your usual W-2 withholdings, if any, are sufficient to cover the taxes on the winnings.  Probably not.You should investigate making one or more Estimated Tax payments, both Federal and State.You can do this by logging back in to TurboTax 2015 - see image below and follow these steps.\nGo to PERSONAL and Other Tax Situations in the Tabs shown in the image.\nSince you probably are only going to have this extra income once or rarely, skip the W-4 question and answer No.\nAt Estimated Taxes for 2016 answer Prepare Now\n\nAt Review, answer Yes to the question Do you want to adjust your income?\n\nEnter your 2016 Filing Status and Number of Dependents [may not have changed from 2015]\n\nEnter Your 2016 Earned Income - Here enter your 2015 Total Earned Income or any change for 2016\nDo the same for Enter Your 2016 Medicare Wages\n\nDo the same for your expected Investment Gains and Losses\n\nOn Enter 2016 Other Income enter your Form 1099-G [yes, you will receive one!] gambling/lottery winnings!\nThese four advisory pages explain why and when to pay Estimated Tax.\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Forms/What-is-IRS-Form-1040-ES--Estimated-Tax...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--How-to-Determin...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/Tips-for-Paying-Estimated-Taxes...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--Common-Question...\n\n  


Never coming back to you  

When you file you shoukd always download the tax file and PDF of your tax return for your records so you will have it for future use.    You can do that anytime until October of the tax year when the online system is shut down and information is archived.   TurboTax does not provide free storage for tax returns after October.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488 


Why cant you please provide me with a 2016 Federal Bi-Weekly tax withholding table on screen for a single individual showing various exemption amounts?  

IRS pub 15, see page 50https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p15.pdf  


Is there any difference if I claim single or HoH throughout the year on my jobs w4?  

Yes, because HOH gets a higher Standard deduction.Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


Are you going to assist us in fixing this matter?  It is the turbo tax software that prefills much of the state information on the form from the federal form!  We are very disappointed that we now owe the state of Iowa back $900 and are worried that this will happen with every year after 2012 as well due to this software!  WE will no longer use your service or recommend to anyone else if you do not help us make this right.  

Contact Customer Service Mondy - Fridayhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Why is it impossible to reach Intuit directly?  

[number removed] is a valid number for the Security and Privacy Team.Similar security alerts are sent when you or someone else opens a new account with your SSN or other personal information. Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  You can use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/However, it is also possible for scammers to copy and alter legitimate emails.  For example, Turbotax will never tell you to install files from an email attachment, or to send personal information via email.  If you believe that you did not create a duplicate account, you should read the below advice and call TurboTax Privacy & Security right away.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4838253\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I had gone as far as to how I would receive my refund {check} it said it saved my info.  

When\nyou log in, see if there is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.  \nClicking that should take you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf\nit acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have\nmultiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.\n\nUse\nthe tool below to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each\nemail address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters. 


I need to talk to a human being ASAP. Enough already.  

Im in an infinite loop. Talk to me at [removed]  


turbo tax reported that it could not find last year's information.  When I went on line, turbo tax did find that information.  And I did my taxes there.  Now, to file, you want we to pay again (this time on line) before I can file!!!  

The two versions of the program (Online and Desktop) are completely separate.  Buying one does not equal the other, and the two sets of files do not automatically transfer.When you filed online for 2014, your files were stored online. When you installed the 2015 program on your computer, you could not find the previous year because the program only searches the local hard drives, it does not search online.  There is a process to download the old file from online, but you didnt do it.  Instead, you completed your tax return online just like last year and never actually used the Desktop installed version.  Now that it is time to file, naturally the Online version wants payment because thats what you are using.Fortunately, you can transfer the file from Online to your computer, and finish up using the CD you already paid for.  Log into your account and go to My Account/Tools/Save my 2015 Return to My Computer.  This will download a copy of your (unfinished) 2015 tax return to your hard drive, typically wherever download files go (your Downloads folder or your Documents folder, usually.)Next, start Turbotax on your computer.  If you havent been using it, it will probably need to install some updates.  If you are filing a state tax return, you will also need to install the state module before you can open your tax file, so go to the File Menu and select Install a State.Then you will be able to open and view your tax return file on your computer.  Save a backup copy, review anything that needs to be reviewed, then click the File tab to file the return.Note that with the CD version, state preparation is free but state e-filing is $25 extra.  Your cost will still likely be less than the online version, and if you dont want to pay the state e-file fee you can print the return and mail it in for free.Also note that, when using the Desktop version, there are no copies of your finished return stored online.  Only you have copies.  So make a backup, because if your hard drives crashes or gets a virus, no one else will have a copy but you.  


I did not need a pin, just to enter my AGI and it still doesn't work.  

If you enter the actual AGI, it will work.You will have to file on paper via US Mail, since either you or IRS don't know the AGI. 


Just answer - why can I not use CRA Auto-fill option? How is it done?  

You are in the US forum, not Canada.https://support.turbotax.intuit.ca/contact/ 


Turbo tax says can not transmit return.For printing, collecting data, then does not print.  

Triplicate post.  


We had to short sale our primary residence in 2015. Our lender sent myself and my wife each a 1099-C for the Cancellation of Debt ($125,000 each). We entered both of the 1099-Cs into the federal return but its being counted double on our State of CA return ($250,000). How can we fix this?  

Because the property was jointly owned i.e. both of your names were on the note, they sent  each of you a 1099-C for the total write-off amount.  You therefore , while filing a joint return for the Fed and the state, enter only one of the 1099-C-- not both. I am assuming that  (a) your are filing MFJ ( Married Filing Joint ) and  (b) the total amount of write-off is $125,000.If this is not the case then you need to give more of the situation so one give a more specific answer --pk  


i can't get to the same page to make myself not allowed to be claimed.  

2015? Are you following these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online  


How can I add my wife to my account so she can access our joint return? It's a problem because--even if I share my password with her--she can't receive a confirmation code when Intuit asks for it. Is there a way that I can add a second email address (her email address) to the account for our joint return?  

You can add her phone number to the account and she can have the code texted to her .... or .... you can get the code texted to you or emailed to you and you can give it to her.  Once the computer she uses is confirmed she will not need the code again. Or save a PDF of the return and give her a copy of it on a thumb drive.  


why doen't the form fill in all of the lines?  

Have you entered all of your other (joint) income yet?  Also, if you are using TT desktop, please run a software update.If you are using TT Online (web) and havent filed yet, you must pay any TT fees before you can view the worksheets in their entirety. 


The letter I received says the IRS received my tax return, but they need more information to process it. They asked for copies of page 1 and 2 of my return, amounts and dates of estimated tax payments (if applicable), supporting documents verifying income (assuming this is 1090s and w2s), and a copy of the letter. Has anyone else received this type of verification from the IRS? Why do they send it if I filed on Turbotax. How did this turn out for you?  

Folks who have already received their refunds generally arent looking at this board any longer. However, the fact that you are using TT H&B leads me to suspect that the IRS wants to verify your business (self-employment) income, as well as any estimated tax payments that you made.  If any of that income was in cash, send them whatever proof you have.  


Also, when I open Turbo Tax, it automatically returns to a "Fix it Now" screen, to help me try to refile my 2015 return. How do I submit that these returns are complete, so that I may view this return and previous years' returns?  

The fix it now warning will go away eventually however go to the FILE tab and change from efile to mail in return then save a fresh PDF of the return which you should have already done so you are not dependent on the TT program for a copy in the future.Always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year right AFTER it\nhas been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you will always have\naccess to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software  


I used turbo tax for many years. I need to know hwat I paid for tax prep fees in the year 2013 ...... How do I find this?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5372370  


I KNOW THE IRS REJECTED IT BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER THAT I PUT IN 3 TIMES, BUT I NEED THAT PAPER FOR THE STUDENT LOAN. THEY WILL STOP TAKING ALL MY MONEY AND TAKE 5$ INSTEAD.  

To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


We are in the process of selling a rental property we formerly lived in.  We have not lived there for over four years so we will pay capital gains tax. This is a formula I found in this forum for computing the gain which I pay 15% of, correct?:* Purchase price* + Purchase costs\n(title & escrow fees, real estate agent commissions, etc.)* + Improvements\n(replacing the roof, new furnace, etc.)* + Selling costs\n(title & escrow fees, real estate agent commissions, etc.)* - Accumulated\ndepreciation (as reported on your tax forms)* = Cost BasisCalculating profit or loss would be:* Selling price* - Cost Basis\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n* = Gain or LossSo am I able to take deduction for the mortgage interest & property taxes paid for the portion of the year I owned the home like Ive deducted the past 4 years? I dont see that anywhere in this formula?Also we are replacing the roof, but will have no out of pocket expense in doing so because it is being replaced with proceeds from an insurance claim (roughly $14k).  Can I claim that $14K as an expense even though I didnt pay any of it out of pocket?  

You can use TurboTax 2015, current year, to produce calculations of your Estimated Tax payments to be made over the next 9 months -[May-January].You should not add to your cost basis any property taxes because you would or will have already reported the taxes as deductible expense against either your business/rental income or else against your personal income. The same would be true for the mortgage interest.  In both cases, adding that to the cost basis would be double counting.Any expense for which you received reimbursement is therefore in effect no cash out of your pocket and is not deductible.The capital gains are  2016 taxable income and assuming that your usual W-2 withholdings, if any, are not sufficient to cover the taxes, follow these steps after coming to an estimate of the gain to be reported.You should investigate making one or more Estimated Tax payments, both Federal and State.You can do this by logging back in to TurboTax 2015 - see image below and follow these steps.\nGo to PERSONAL and Other Tax Situations in the Tabs shown in the image.\nSince you probably are only going to have this extra income once or rarely, skip the W-4 question and answer No.\nAt Estimated Taxes for 2016 answer Prepare Now\n\nAt Review, answer Yes to the question Do you want to adjust your income?\n\nEnter your 2016 Filing Status and Number of Dependents [may not have changed from 2015]\n\nEnter Your 2016 Earned Income - Here enter your 2015 Total Earned Income or any change for 2016\nDo the same for Enter Your 2016 Medicare Wages\n\nDo the same for your expected Investment Gains and Losses - enter the gain here\nThese four advisory pages explain why and when to pay Estimated Tax.\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Forms/What-is-IRS-Form-1040-ES--Estimated-Tax...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--How-to-Determin...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/Tips-for-Paying-Estimated-Taxes...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--Common-Question...\n  


im done with the irs now , how long does it take the irs to send my bank the money?  

Once the IRS sends the refund it is up to  your bank to accept the deposit so watch your account for that to happen.  If the site said 5/4 then dont expect it to show before that date.  


I am paper filing 14 and 15 both late and without extensions. 14 i overpaid by 1346 and 15 I owe 186. On my 14 return can i just apply to 15 186 and refund the balance?  And then on 15s enter 186 in applied from 14 and have it net out to 0 owed.  It is under 1k so I dont think there would be any penalties. Would they just process them filed that way and then send me a bill for any interest from 15? Thanks  

Yes you can apply the 2014 refund to the 2015 return and they should not bill you for the balance due or any penalties.  So that the 2014 processes first make sure to mail that return in at least 3 weeks before you mail in the 2015 return. 


if rent out money is not deductible is it worth keeping property on rent and pay state and fedral taxes?  

The rent you pay in IL is not deductible.  And your decision to rent out the TX house is a personal decision for you to make. If you need to offset the costs of keeping the TX home then rent is out. On your return the expenses will offset the income to the point there is usually a loss on the situation so it doesnt hurt you to make the property a rental as a general rule.  


filed two charged for both  

The free state promo for TT Federal Free users ended on March 31.  


I entered an incorrect value on Line 11 (entered the figure from Lonnie's W-2 and not Ernestine's) and am generally confused about this form is for and whether or not it applies to me.  

Line 11 on form 2106 is the date a vehicle was placed in service and has nothing to do with a W-2. Remove the form and the incorrect entry .https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3163546-remove-form-2106  


when i filed, i put the correct street just totally forgot to put the numbers that go in front of an address. i went to the website, fixed it, said i had to amend my taxes, and im wondering how long will it take for my return to get to my address now if they got accepted on the 4th of April? my return is being mailed in a debit card.  

Amended return must be filed by mail. and take several months to process.You are better off sending the IRS a Change of Address:.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question... 


What do I need to provide the IRS? Receipts or otherwise?  

You claimed non cash donations  and  unreimbursed employee business expenses on your tax return so the IRS wants proof of the expenses  so send what ever supporting documents you have but dont send in original documents ( send copies). https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sa.pdfIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your\nletter.  Then it will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will\nshow you the phone number during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n  


Just paid additional $$ to TT for state filing; can't print pdf of State, can't file only my state (which is due tomorrow)...WTH?!  

You cannot efile the federal return twice so change the federal return to mail in and then efile the state.  However  if you are given no other choice then go ahead and efile the fed again and dont be surprised if it rejects tomorrow.  


How do I remove last year's contract work from this year's return on this program???  

go to the List of Forms, and delete  Schedule C.  


I can't upgrade my account I'm already on deluxe. How can I get last years tax info?  

If you see the prior year returns in your timeline then you dont have to upgrade anymore you just need to pay for the program.To pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


How do I access the software  

TurboTax Business is not an online product.  It is a desktop product only.  Tom Young  


Recieved mail from IRS saying "We couldn't process your Electronic Funds Withdrawal (direct debit) because they were unable to locate my account  

You will need to make payment via some other method.  IRS DirectPay seems to be easiest.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay 


I printed my Return it's showing rejected on the last page but Turbo's homepage showing it was accepted.  How do I go about this?  

This seems to happen when the PDF is created after your return was rejected the first time, but was not updated after your return was accepted.  You have to bump the program to get it to build a new PDF.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993 


i filled out two returns with the same log in but i can't find the second when i log back in...what's the trick?  

Online is only good for 1 return.  If you did a second return in the same account then it overwrote the first one and the first return is gone.  


This will be important when I start my taxes next year.  

Yes, you should never mess with a return once it filed when you use the Online program.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online  


I just logged back in because I need to reprint my return and I also want to save it, but I don't see any option to even look at my return. Something is wrong here that it isn't obvious. Please fix that and send me a link. Thank you.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3129340-where-is-my-tax-timelineMake sure you are using the same user name .  


What are the steps?  

You need to be in your return.  You need to have your return open to get all the choices under my account to show up.  Try this...go to the Tax Timeline and click on Add A State and that will let you back into your return.  


I just need to add the 3 months to page 2  so i can send to the IRS ?????  

Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat are being requested ... \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your\ninformation for both 1095-A forms:\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all\nyear (since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter your first 1095-A.\n\nAfter you enter the details\nfor your first 1095-A, you will have the option to provide information for the second Form 1095-A.\nTurboTax will use the information from both forms to automatically fill out\nForm 8962 and submit it to the IRS with your tax return.  


need a copy of 2015 taxes  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


This is a very lengthy form with hundreds of sales. It is not possible to type them all in. It needs to be uploaded, but is not working when I enter my account number and email address.  

When import is not possible, select instead the "I'll mail it in" option.  


the taxes are done but it cant be submitted due to my ssn and the tid it need one or the other and neither will allow me to send.  I am the acting CPA and General Manager  

If it is not a sole  proprietor or one owner LLC ( which has NOT chosen to file as Corp), you need TurboTax business to prepare and file the return -- you cannot file a 1040.  Please tell us more about the entity type that you are filing for -- as Lisa995 asked  


can I file for previous year  

Only the 2015  returns can be efiled now ... all prior years must be mailed. 


I do not want  to eFile my returns.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


I am a AZ resident. I have several K-1s. One is a CA K-1. Turbo tax lumps them all together when determining double taxed AZ income. Gives me too much tax credit on my CA non resident tax return.  

You have to manually tell TT/Calif what portion of the total AZ income is being taxed by Calif, the AZ adjusted gross income (TT/Calif should already have that), and the AZ tax liability (TT/Calif should already have that as well).Since its the nonresident state taking this credit the full information needed to compute it is not available to TT/Calif so you have to help tweak it.  


I did my taxes on the 16th and got accepted on the 18th. I don't know how to track my returns etc. Thanks.  

Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


Should I include myself as a dependant on a W-2?I am claiming my wife and 2 children (wife does not work / children are both under 5)Should the number be 3 or 4(including myself)?  

AbrahamVera,   assuming that you are filing a Married Filing Joint ( MFJ ) return, you show  your world income  and that of your spouse ( if any ) and then  TurboTax will guide you on how to include your dependents ( your children etc. that you support) and it will automatically  the exemptions related to the two of you --- you do not have to add yourself and your spouse as a dependent. Generally, you cannot claim your wife as dependent.  


how do I get total for line 6 on 1040x  

The program calculates this automatically.  


WIfe is VA res; I am military CA res.  Don't need my info on income and need to remove it to complete state taxes. Fed taxes pending and can't even access what I've entered.  HELP!!!  

Then, on Monday, call  TT support for a download of the program so you can compute your state returns.If you started your\n2015 return in TurboTax Online and want to switch to the TurboTax software,\nheres how.\n\n1.    Save your online return as a tax data file.\n\n2.    Sign out of TurboTax Online.\n\n3.    Install your 2015 TurboTax software.\n\no    Important: If your return includes a state, make sure you also\ninstall the corresponding state program(s), otherwise youll get Error 539.\n\n4.    Once installed, choose File > Open\nTax Return in the software\nprogram.\n\n5.    Browse to where you saved your .tax2015 file and click Open.\n\n6.    If you get an error, delete your tax data file\nand repeat these steps from the beginning.If you and your spouse are filing a joint federal return but you\nwork in or are residents of different states, you may need to file separate\nstate returns.\n\nSometimes this is required by state tax law; other times it is\nto your best interest to not include your non-resident spouses income on your\nstate return. Otherwise both states may try to tax the same income.\n\nYou can use TurboTax Online to file separate state returns, but\nwe recommend you use the CD/Download software\nversion to do thisbecause\nyoull only need to pay for one TurboTax product (you can file up to 5\nreturns).\n\n\n \n \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n \n \n \n\n \nTip: If you already\nstarted your return in TurboTax Online, we recommend that you transfer your tax file to\nthe CD/Download version. You will save time by entering less information.\n\nHeres a brief overview of the procedure, see the sections below\nfor detailed steps:\n\n\n Youll prepare one married\n     filing jointly (MFJ) return to file with the IRS.\n\n Prepare a mock\n     married filing separate (MFS) tax return for each taxpayer. This is for\n     your records only, and will be used to generate separate state returns for\n     each person. the mock federal returns are Not filed.\n\n Then for the first taxpayer, label\n     and use the first mock married filing separate (MFS) federal\n     return to prepare their state MFS return, using only their income and\n     their half of the deductions from the MFJ federal return.. \n     This ensures that TurboTax only transfers the first taxpayers income to\n     their married filing separate state return. File this MFS state return, but not the mock federal return that it\n     pulls the information from.\n For the second taxpayer (spouse), label and use the\n     second mock MFS federal return to prepare their state MFS\n     return, again using only their income and their half of the deductions\n     from the MFJ federal return.\n     Again, file the second MFS state\n     return, but not the second mock federal return\n     that it pulls the information from.\n\n\nBe sure to name each TurboTax federal return so you know the MFJ\nfederal return to file, and which mock MFS federal and state return is for\nwhich person. \nYes, this can be tedious, but this is often the best way to ensure you\naccurately minimize state tax situations with two different state incomes.\n\nNote:  State returns\nprepared using the Mock federal returns will require you to print\  


What is going on.  

You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


I need my agi and income information  

You get those things right off the form 1040 ...        Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software 


I need to put allowances on line #2, but dont want anymore taken out of my check for Federal tax than $500 (line 3) what do I enter on line #2  

Line 2 put 10Line 3 put  $500  


im at the very end - i know i must file federal taxes by mail and state can be e filed  but it keeps kicking back to ID page - owe nothing - they owe me the sameHere are your filing choices\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2015 Federal Tax Return: File by Mail\n\n\n\n2015 California Tax Return: E-file\n\n\n\n\nId like to change filing methods\n\n  

If you have or will mail in the federal return then the state return MUST also be mailed in so make the correct choice in the FILE tab to get rid of the error.  


Form 5695, line #6 gives me a credit of $8,441 toward my 2015 federal tax liability. Line #15 actually gave me $3,002 toward the 2015 federal liability and i still received a $2,700 return. Line #16 shows a carry forward credit of $5,439 to my 2016 federal liability. Two questions here. 1) Why would i still get a return of $2,700 if i still had $5,439 in credit toward my 2016 federal liability ? 2) Is the amount on line #16 ($5,439) the amount i will be credited toward my 2016 federal liability or will i only be credited some and the rest will be carried to 2017 ?  

If the non refundable energy credit you were able to use offset your tax liability, your refund would be whatever tax was withheld plus any refundable credits your received. You can carry forward the amount of unused credit on line 16 to your 2016 tax return.  


I believe when I filled in April it said they would be deducted on May, 2nd, but I can't find where I wrote that down.....  

You can see the date of your scheduled direct debit for your tax payment by downloading or printing your completed return.  Follow the steps in the answer below and look for your payment date on the Federal Information Worksheet, Part V. or the State Information Worksheet.Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (see directions below), or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet.  If no date is specified on the form, then the debit will default to 4/18/16.Note often the fed and/or state are a few days delayed!Note:  More information on the direct debit payment option can be found in the link below.What-is-direct-debit-and-how-does-it-work  


do i still get charged  

The $39.99 you were charged was for use of the TurboTax program to prepare your state tax return. The fee is the same whether you efile or mail your state return.  


my husband died in 2013  

Qualifying Widow (or Qualifying Widower) is a filing status that is allowed for for two years after the year of your spouses death, assuming you did not remarry.Hopefully, you filed a Joint return in 2013, and are correctly noted the date of death on your 2013, 2014 and 2015 returns.  Go to Personal info to check this.  


I have income from Canada and from a U.S. source  

You must use TT Canada for the Canadian returns, and TT USA for the USA return. Are you aware that both of them are overdue?  However, there is no penalty in the US if you are getting a refund.  


I am re-imbursed for mileage in certain circumstances. I have an employment agreement with this organization that states the mileage re-imbursment policy, and my commitments and responsibilities.I have taxable income from other jobs and the corresponding T4s for them. does this make a difference as to whether I can claim unreimbursed mileage for my internship program?  

yes, its a foreign account.  


I need to file 2014 and 2015, I filed 2013 but dont know which email I used, either [remove emails]  

Use the account recovery tool with every email address you might have used that you still have access to.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you cant find it, you will need to call customer support.  Note that you can only file a 2014 return using turbotax installed on your own computer from a CD or download, so if you want to transfer the 2013 info, you need to download the 2013 file to your computer, not just locate it.\nCustomer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


I need to chat with a person  

TurboTax support will open Monday morning at 8:00 AM Pacific time. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041  


How do I find out why and how can I appeal to receive my FULL return?  

If it was more than any TurboTax fees you may have had paid out of your federal refund, you will receive a notice within a couple of weeks from the IRS advising you why they made the change and what actions you can take going forward.  


I have a question concerning Form 8965, Health Coverage\nExemptions, in TurboTax. I am using TurboTax Deluxe on Windows. I found this possible\nissue after answering all interview questions and reviewing the forms before\nsending them to the IRS. I was not able to correct it and filed my return.My family counts 4 members including myself. One is my wife\nand the other two are my kids. Were living abroad and visited the US in July\nof 2015. Outside July we have been living abroad the entire time in 2015. Part\nIII of Form 8965 shows all names of my family members including mine on line 8,\n9, 10, and 11 of the form. All these lines have Exemption Type B and show an X\nin July (the TurboTax interview asked me which months in was out of the country.\nAnswer: all but July, since I visited the US in July). But then my name shows\nup again on line 12 with Exemption Type C and Xs in all months except July!\nLine 13 mentions See Part III - Coverage Exemptions\nClaimed on Your Return for Individuals. See screenshots attached.Line 13 probably refers to the Continuation Statement of Part III -\nCoverage Exemptions Claimed on Your Return for Individuals (last page on my tax return) where it shows the names of only 3 of my\nfamily members except mine. On this continuation sheet these three family\nmembers have Exemption Type C next to their names and Xs in all months\nexcept July (identical to my name on line 13).Questions:1. Who can explain me what is happening here? I would expect\nfour lines with the four family member names indicating Exemption Type C.2. Will this trigger any questions from the IRS? TurboTax\nindicated to me my audit risk is low.3. Is there a need for me to file an amendment?Thank you for your advice.  

It seems okay to me.  Most likely you could have done it with four lines of exemption code C, but this is okay.You must have entered you were out of the country January-June and August-December.  For It lists the four of you with exception code C (column c) for being out of the country January-June and August-December.Lines 8-11 gives you the exemption code B in column c for a Short Coverage Gap.  


Im buying a home and they want to know where a large deposit came from and I said federal return, but its not the same because fees were taken out. I need a receipt or something to show this.  

\n\nIf you\nhave signed onto your 2015 online account and working on the 2015 tax\nreturn, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.\n Then click on Tools.\n Then on My Fees\n\nOr -\n\nIf you\nhave filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign\nonto your online\naccount and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Get order details\n\nOr -\n\nUse\nthis TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I have viewed the How do I upgrade or switch to a higher version of TurboTax Online? page that I get redirected to after trying to print my 2013 return but I cannot get to a page to actually upgrade.  I did not file the free edition in 2013.  I just want to print a copy of my 2013 tax return.  Please help.  Thanks.  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


DOESN'T THE ABOVE QUESTION EXPLAIN IT ENOUGH?  

your amended return should show an overpayment of $834.  


its has to do with IRS audit for 2013. thanks if you can help out.  

If your computer is lost, then anyone who comes across has access to your tax returns and SSN.  Please run a credit report check.  


Someone is trying to access my account. Please confirm who it is. I keep receiving texts with verification codes to "access my account" - please help.  

They probably entered your email or phone number by accident and are probably wondering why the codes never come thru ...\n  \nThere is no procedure to\ndelete, close or merge an account since accounts may contain past tax\ninformation that needs to be preserved. You can just let it go\ndormant.  To secure your\naccount, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address into your\nbrowser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or whatever\nsymbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change your\npassword, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou also have the option to\nturn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.  With 2-factor\nauthentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or cell phone when you\ntry to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your password and also\nhas possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is more likely to be\nthe real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication whenever you log\nin from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you can turn it on for\nall log-ins in your security settings.  


How to identify if ESPP long term is qualified or dis-qualified if we dont have from 3922  

From the way youve stated things it almost sounds like you sold shares from two different ESPPs.  Ill assume thats NOT the case.All ESPP sold on same date, some qualified Short term & some long term on 1099-B.The terms Disqualifying Dispositions and Qualifying Dispositions have some specific meaning when it comes to the sale of stock acquired via an ESPP.  A sale that is short term - stock owned a year or less before being sold - cannot be a Qualifying Disposition.  Such a sale is a Disqualifying Disposition.  A sale that is long term - stock owned over 1 year before being sold - might or might not be a Qualifying Disposition.  A Qualifying Disposition meets the following two criteria:\n    It is more than a year after the purchase of the shares, and\n    It is more than two years after the grant date.\n\nIm dropping the word qualified from your statement and simply reading it as: All the shares acquired via the ESPP were sold on the same day.  Same sales were short term and some sales were long term.However they reported gain from short term ESPP sale (on 30.Nov.2015) as DQDIS on W2.OK, that means its a Qualified ESPP.  DQDIS translates into Disqualifying Disposition and thats only relevant if the ESPP itself is a Qualified ESPP.For\n the ESPP in question, I dont know if its qualified or dis-qualified \nESPP. All I know is its long term and acquired date 1.Oct.2014; sold \n30.Nov.2015 on 1099-B.Weve answered the question about whether the ESPP is Qualified or not, and weve determined that the stock sold that was short term is not a Qualifying Disposition.  I think what you are referring to in this sentence is the stock sold that was long term and I think what is confusing you is that theres no income associated with this portion of the sale reported on the W-2.Youve not been particularly clear in your statements here We \nwent back /forth with the ex-employer & broker thinking its DQDIS, \nbut they reviewed again & again & said it wont report it to W2. \nWhat does that mean ?What that undoubtedly means is that this portion of the sale is a Qualifying Disposition.  Employers are not required to report compensation income - if any - on the W-2 for Qualifying Dispositions.They\n wont tell if its Qualified or DisQualified. For that info they made us \ngo in circles between ex-employer & broker. How do I find the grant \ndate for an ESPP - is this info available in public domain for any \ncompany?Weve determined that this portion of the trade is a Qualified Disposition.  In a Qualifying Disposition the amount of compensation income created by the sale is the lesser of:\nThe discount determined as if you bought the shares on the grant date, or\nThe difference between the proceeds from the sale and the actual amount you paid for the shares.\nHave you asked the broker, the ex-employer or the administrator of the ESPP exactly why you havent received a Form 3922?  You should have.If the company is a public company you might be able to determine the grant date from publicly available information.  the SECs site - sec.gov - would be the place to look, but the company should have given you all this information when you began participating in the ESPP.  Where is that?Youve not been particularly clear in your statements here but your initial statement was ESPP long term with loss.  If thats really and truly the case and if these shares were sold in a Qualifying Disposition then there will be no compensation element created by the sale.  You can simply sell them as ordinary stock, at a loss.Tom 


i need free file instead of home and business can i start over  

You can clear and start over in the version you want. Click on My Account then Tools then Clear & Start Over.  


Also, I see that I'll need to upgrade to TurboTax Premium to file a K-1. Is this absolutely necessary when the reportable amount for my K-1 is $0?  

If all of the boxes 1-8 [Income boxes] are empty or zero, then there is no taxable income and no requirement to file an Amended Return.If there are deductible amounts in boxes 9 -11 or a Foreign Tax Credit in Box 14, then it may be to your benefit to file the Amended Return, but the amounts would have to be of reasonable size to cause you to consider this.  Deductions would have to be great enough to change your Deductions from the Standard Deduction that was taken in Free Edition, to an Itemized Deduction - and that is possibly unlikely.  The Foreign Tax Credit in Box 14 would be a $ for $ credit against taxes that you currently owe - again my not be there (empty or 0) or may be insignificant.  


needing to upgrade to access older return. there is no access online. Followed directions, not working.  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\n \n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I did not print my 2014 taxes. Can you send them to my email?  

No. You both must print them yourselves.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2962760-print-2014-return  


Please send me a reply to my e-mail, so please help me contact you, because I have been trying to reach out to you for contact, because your program made a mistake, I had paid you for your service, so I expect results from you in return! I don't believe that your mistakes should be mine to correct and that I should waste my time to contact the IRS, when the mistake was all from your program!  

To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Customer support will open Monday morning at 8:00 AM Pacific time.  


Both filings showed very low probability of audit.  

Also check here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


After filing my taxes, I wanted to tinker and see the effect of my wife and I filing separately, so I did it as if I was filing an amended return, but did not plan on actually filing, just seeing what the effects would be.  No surprise, the answer was not as favorable as filing jointly.  Since then one our state returns was rejected and I need to re-file my original return, but I cannot access it now as it is just pulling up the amended returns...how do I abandon doing an amended return?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3131147-how-do-i-unamend-a-tax-return  


My Louisiana military retirement was added as a part of my state taxes. Military retirement is exempt from Louisiana state taxes. It needs to be fixed by Turbo Tax now!  

Well, the entry/correction is fairly straightforward.1) IF you havent filed your LA taxes yet...you just go to the Federal section where the 1099-R is, and EDIT that 1099-R...and step the the follow-up pages and select the Federal Retirement Benefits (Code 04E) selection as shown below for a person with $25,000 of Military pension.   You have to do that every year when you enter your Military 1099-R as long as you remain a Louisiana resident.  (Military pension is just one of the Federal retirement systems)2)  If youve already filed Federal and LA...and the e-files were accepted...then you start and an LA amendment, and then go to the Federal section and edit the 1099-R (as noted above...and picture below)....then print and mail-fiel the amendment to LA.___________________________________If you need help doing this......would probably be a good idea to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


My bank gave me the wrong account number and my tax return was returned. What do I do now?  

Wait for the IRS to mail you a check, which they will do automatically.  


HelloI've received a letter from my state saying there's an issue with my state returns from 2011.  I'm trying to access my state returns in Turbotax yet it says I need to upgrade to plus and the only way to do that is to start and pay for my 2015 taxes in Turbotax.   Is there any way to pay for Plus to access my 2011 taxes without needing to do my 2015 taxes?  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I entered info about using my home office to support extra work and telecommuting for my job and it asked what is the total wages from this business. I am confused because I dont own the business but I do earn a salary from the company. Is that the amount of I am supposed to put in Form 2106 Line 11?  

\n\nDo I put the same amount for Form 2106 Line 11 as in my W2 box 1?\n\nYes, if that W-2 is the only job you had the employee business expenses for.  


I shouldn't have to pay for state on a return that I already filed. Just wanted to review it.  

To open a .taxfile that has a state in it you have to install & update your program and then install & update the state program or you will get a nasty error message.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301890 


This happened before in early April. I have used TurboTax for 20 years, but if this happens again with no explanation from TurboTax, I will NOT USE TURBOTAX again.  

Contact TurboTax support for assistance with this issue.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


This is my first time filing my own taxes and my taxes have already been returned.  

Maybe. The loss may or may affect  your bottom line.  I suggest you save a copy of your current return, then click amend enter the loss and see the effect. If it changes your return, mail the amended return. If not, still save it for the recalculated capital loss carry forward to 2016.If this is your first time filing, how do you know you even have a carry over?  


I entered my bank account info, and confirmed that it was being used for Federal and State, and then at the end I was told to print a voucher? I am confused. The federal taxes were withdrawn as expected, but I just got a letter from the state tax franchise board, and now I owe late penalties!  

The voucher printing out should have been a hint  so .... Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf you owed the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity of this situation . https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489  


F1040-512 - Your dependent's Social Security number (SSN) cannot be used to claim an exemption on two separate tax returns. You claimed a dependent as an exemption on your tax return, but this dependent has also filed their own tax return claiming a personal exemption.  

If your son failed to check the box that he can be claimed as a dependent by another taxpayer and you are entitled to claim him, then he must amend to correct that.    Amended returns take up to 16 weeks (4 months) to process so you will have to mail file this year.To amend his 2015 tax return: He should wait until his return has been processed and you received any refund or conformation that any tax due has been paid.  (If you file an amended return while you first return is being processed it can cause extended delays for both returns if two returns are in the system at the same time).  In addition, if the IRS makes any change on your original return, you might end up having to amend the amendment  a sticky process that can take a year or more).    See this TurboTax FAQ for help with amending:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedYou can check the status of your mailed amended return at this link but allow 3 weeks after mailing before checking. http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


I received a corrected W2 after my return was accepted and my refund was received.   The corrected amount on the W2 is for box 12a code W, and results in no change to my refund,  because code W is for non-taxable HSA contributions.  

You do not need to file an amended return for that correction when there is no difference to the bottom line. 


Pulling up 1040 for state filing, 5/2, income was doubled.  How did this happen????  

It may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific  


I need this now for student loans.  Why is this not immediately available.  Please call me at [remove].  Please leave detailed message with the amount if Im not available.  Also send information to [remove]  

The Adjusted Gross Income is shown on your tax return that you can download, Form 1040 Line 37, Form 1040A Line 21.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I pay all the bills and property taxes and food there but all the utilities and property taxes are in my dads name. If I send in copies of the bills and receipts where they were paid and provide a letter from dad saying that I am the one paying the taxes and utilities would this be proof enough to prove me head of house hold?  

All you can do is send them the supporting documents you have to prove your claim the the HOH filing status and they will decide if they are good enough.  Read this from the IRS ...https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc654.html 


HI  I Will never use turbotax  again Its to expensive  and I had trouble  at the end . I also got a letter from my state telling me that I owed them money after turbotax said everything was all set!!!!!  

I wouldnt recommend using turbo tax or do taxes yourself unless you have somewhat of an understanding of what is involved or an idea how to research and figure things out.  Too much grey area to go in blind,  


TurboTax stated that I could, but will only allow mail or direct debit.  

You can only efile the state return after the federal return has been accepted from the same account.  So you might have to wait a couple days for federal to be accepted.  Are you using the Online version or the Desktop CD/Download program?  For the Desktop program, Try this,  You first need to update your program with the federal efile status.  Go up  to FILE - Electronic Filing - Check Electronic Filing Status.  Then save your return, go to FILE - SAVE.  Then close your return and reopen it and go though the File TAB again to file state.ps....your sentence is about how to PAY the state tax.  Either check by mail or by direct debit.  Direct Debit is how to pay the tax not how to file the return. 


I verified the routing and checking account numbers and they are correct.  

When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe  


i filed on march 26th and it was said to come in the mail by april 16th. its may 1st and still nothing. It said in my status that it had been deposited into bank but i didnt do a bank transfer i did a prepaid card for my federal.  

You can see the date of your scheduled direct debit for your tax payment by downloading or printing your completed return.  Follow the steps in the answer below and look for your payment date on the Federal Information Worksheet, Part V.  There is also a State Information Worksheet.  These forms will list what account you chose for the direct debit.  If its in error, you need to contact the bank and hopefully it can be refunded. Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (see directions below), or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet.  If no date is specified on the form, then the debit will default to 4/18/16.Note:  More information on the direct debit payment option can be found in the link below.What-is-direct-debit-and-how-does-it-work 


I am filing my 2015 return.  I purchased a health insurance policy through the marketplace to cover myself, wife and three children.  My oldest child is 20 and lives on her own and files her own tax return.  I do not claim her as a dependent.  I received two 1095-As for 2015.  One covers Jan-August. The other covers September - December.  I uploaded the pdfs into turbotax.  I purchased the policies with income that I earned though the business that I own.   Smartcheck is finding an issue with both 1095 As.  Error message reads:  Form 1095-A - Insurance Exchange: Shared Policy End Month policy allocations for a form 1095A linked to a business, Business Related Premiums Smart Worksheet below, are not supported.Then it gives me the opportunity to change the end month of the policy from 12 to something else.It gives a similar message for the start month, the premium percentage allocation, the SLCSP percentage Allocation and the Advance payment of premium percentage allocation, and the ssn of taxpayer sharing the allocation.Smartcheck repeats the error messages for the same fields on the second form 1095A.Any ideas on how to work around this problem?Thanks!J  

Since there are 4 of you on this policy and 1 of them is not on this tax return then you can allocate the policy credit any way you all agree to split it.  The usual % allocation in the case where you have a non dependent child on the policy is that you take 100% and they take 0%. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5282342  


What are the next step that i need to do?  

You need to do nothing, the IRS will convert the returned refund to a check mailed to the address on the tax return. This process will add up to 3 weeks to the process. As to what happened at \n\nSanta Barbara tax product group you will need to contact them for an answer.  Check  SBTPG by\nlogging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr\nyou can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx  


where is your phone number?  

Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundNote:  If you cannot get into your account, you probably have multiple accounts with TurboTax and are signing in to the wrong one. Try:\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Customer support will be available on Monday at 8 a.m. Pacific time.To call TurboTax customer support\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I printed out my stuff but don't know what I am supposed to do with it  

If you printed your return or you saved it to your desktop as a .pdf, then look at the  Federal Information Worksheet or the State Information Worksheet.  Directions should be listed.Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (, or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet.  


the last digit was wrong. I overlooked the typo totally. IRS didn't call they just removed him and my refund was short. I need to amend them. Is it possible when turbotax shows rejected  

Sure, just log in and remove the child so the return is just like the IRS changes.  Then complete the amendment process and choose the mail in option in the FILE tab when you get to that area. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot... 


Is TurboTax and Quicken out of business.  

Site is working fine now ... you may have caught a server update ( they do that on Sundays) ... although you can shop around as you can usually find the program downloads cheaper at places like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/http://www.quicken.com/personal-finance/quicken-home-business-2016  


1099-R was entered for 2015 and TurboTax said 2014 needed to be amended. P in box 7 always points to previous year, so 2014 will say 2013.  

Yes that is confusing ... the code P on the 2015 form means you need to put it on the 2014 return but when you enter the 1099-R dont enter the code P again ... only enter the other code.  


I was living with my boyfriend all of 2015 and only started working in November 2015. Also, how much do you have to make before having to file?  

If you qualify as a dependent then they can claim you without your permission and as a non relative you cannot make more than $4000 in 2015 to still be a dependent.Qualifying Relative -1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4000 (social security does not count) in 20154. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year.6. The person must not file a joint return with their spouse.As to filing requirements ... https://www.irs.gov/publications/p554/ch01.html  


I filed with turbo tax but can't find my returns.  I tried to recover old user name and password but it didn't work!  

Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user\nname and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I share my house 50/50 with my brother. Does TurboTax have a way of calculating home ownership deductions for this case?  

No. You each just enter the amounts you individually paid. You do not need a form 1098, to enter your deduction. 


My mom receives child support for me and my brother and I dont know how much i worked and eaned about 5079 from my jobs but i wanted to know do i have to put the child support as unearned income even though i dont receive it myself. ?  

No. Neither you or your mother enter child support as income.  


Is there one on Turbo Tax?  

Try these tools:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator\n\n https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools \n\nhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster\n\n\n\n\n\n  


How do I report that I was covered for insurance by a foreign employer or do I need to include that information?  

In the Health Insurance section you should have said .... When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select  yes if you were in the states and the insurance qualifies under the ACA rules  and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select NO  and you are done.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Its tells me to pay, but there is no way to pay. I've tried going to print center per the instructions on turbo tax but sends me back to the tax timeline.  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


Overage caught by H&R block was for Affordable Care Act penalty which I was not supposed to be penalized for due to employer health insurance.  That penalty should NOT have been assessed after I purchased Audit Defense.  My taxes should have been completely done before I was given the offer to buy this protection.  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  


how do i delete my state returns, i do not see an option any more?  

You can delete your\nTurboTax Online state return as long as you havent paid for it yet (or\nregistered in a free version):\n\n1.    Sign\nin to your return, if youre not already signed in.\n\n2.    Click State\nTaxes near the\ntop of your screen and proceed to the Status of Your State Returns screen.\n\n3.    On\nthat screen, click the Delete link right next to the Edit button, and then answer Yes.\n\nIf you dont see the Edit or Delete button on the Status of Your State Returns screen and havent paid or\nregistered, please do the following:\n\n1.    Click State\nTaxes.\n\n2.    Proceed\nto the Status of Your Returns screen.\n\n3.    Click Start next to the state you want to\ndelete.\n\n4.    After\nthe transfer of the information completes, click Continue.\n\n5.    Once\nthe next screen has loaded, click State Taxes and proceed to the Status\nof Your Returns screen.\n\n6.    Click Delete next to the state that you want\ndeleted.\n\n7.    Click Yes.\n\nIn some cases, you wont\nsee the option to delete, just Edit and Start Over. This\nis because you either already paid for your state or registered your free version\nwhile that state was attached to your return.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Already filed my taxes. Trying to figure out which form number I used. Can't find it on the site. Thanks.  

Save a PDF of the return  and look at your form 1040 to see which one you used ...TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I need the last 2 years of tax returns and w2s and i used turbotax. Is there a way to access them online?  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639        TurboTax doesnt store a copy of your W-2. Try asking your\nemployer or their payroll provider for a reissued\nstatement if you\nneed a replacement copy.\n\nIf that doesnt work, you can order a copy of your 1978 (or\nlater) W-2 from the Social Security Administration. Theyre free if you need\nthem for a Social Security-related reason; otherwise its $37 per W-2. See SSA FAQ 3836 for details.\n\nWage and income transcripts are available from the IRS free of charge. Theyre not exactly\ncopies of your W-2, but they contain everything on your W-2 except the state\nand local information. You can also order a full copy of your return from the\nIRS for $50, which will include your W-2, but its cheaper to get it from the\nSocial Security Administration.  


I am a PA resident.  I don't need to report my military income to VA, however I did earn additional income in VA that I need to report.  My federal return is already complete.  How do I open up my 2015 turbo tax account so I can remove my military income and re-adjust my VA gross income?   My turbo tax dashboard only says my state return is ready to print (with my additional military income pulled over from my federal return).  Thanks, Andy  

All you have to do is file the non resident VA and allocate the VA income to VA so only the non military income will be taxed.  


In 2015, I rolled over pre-tax funds from a 401k with a previous employer into a Roth IRA. In April, after I e-filed my taxes for 2015, I received a 1099-R for this taxable event. I then recharacterized the rollover into a contribution to a traditional IRA, which, as I understand it, should make this event no longer taxable.Do I need to file an amendment to my 2015 taxes to account for this?  

Yes you must amend to report it.I assume that box 2a is the same as box 1 making it all taxable.Enter a 1099-R  here:  (or edit the one that you already entered on the amended return)Federal Taxes,Wages & IncomeIll choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement Plans & Social Security,IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R).OR  Use the Tools menu  (if online version under My Account) and then Search Topics for 1099-R which will take you to the same place.Be sure to choose which spouse the 1099-R is for if this is a joint tax return.Be sure to pick the correct 1099-R type:  Standard 1099-R, CSA-1099-R, CSF-1099-R, RRB-1099-R.The interview will ask if you rolled the money into a Roth IRA - answer yes,Then it will ask if you moved funds - check yes that you moved funds back to a Traditional IRA (recharacterization),That should but the amount on line 15a on the 1040 form (11a on 1040A) with ROLLOVER next to it and zero taxable amount in line 15b (or 11b 1040A).  


I use a 2015 TT purchased cd and now want to upload them to my TT account online.  How to do?  

There is no way to upload a tax return for the current year to TurboTax Online.  


Your help is much appreciated!  

You can delete a amended return that you have not submitted by deleting the form.Turbotax FAQ https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802  


the misc section does not load when I finish all schedule A deductions, how do I go back and add safe deposit fees ?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4540183  


I would like to be able to use turbo tax as a tax planning tool to spread out the exercising and later selling of ipo related shares.  in other words, I would like the ability to run a host of scenarios across several years (assuming the constant of 2015 tax rule / legislation, etc.)  is there currently a means to do something like this?  

If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating multiple test\ncopies: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\n\n  Or use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form\nname.. area type What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the\nworksheet - click on Open Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n \n\nYou CANNOT massage the .tax file in any way when\nusing the TT On-Line version.  ANY\nchanges (what-ifs) that you\nmake will PERMANENTLY change you .tax file.\n\nYou have 2 options:\n\nBuy the Desktop version and\ninstall it on your computer --you can download the .tax2015 file from your\nOn-Line return and use it to open your Desktop version.  (You CANNOT upload the .tax2015 from a Desktop return to\nwork in the 2015 On-Line version.)  The Desktop\nversion CAN do What-If\nscenarios.\n\nor\n\nCreate a new On-Line\naccount for each what-if\nthat you want to try.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


My archive file is deleted from my hard drive.  Can I get a copy of the Indiana tax return I sent through your vendor?  

If you used TT desktop, the only copy was on your hard drive.  


my ex claimed my son but its my right to claim him so i ask her to remove him... she said she did removed him ... i already filled my federal tax report...and it was accepted...how i fix this now that i can claim my son again?  

You will need to file an amended return.  This is done by filing form 1040X.  


I was wondering if my second refund went through i never got a work about it  

To make any changes in an original return, you have to prepare an amended return, Form 1040X.  The amended return cannot be efiled.  It has to be printed and mailed and can take up to 16 weeks for the IRS to process it.I dont know what all you did.  If you made changes without going through the formal amending process and tried to efile a second return, that wont work.  If thats what you did, youll need to put everything back like it was so you can properly amend the return.  An amended return has to start out with the original return as it was originally filed.If you did properly go through the amend process, then youll need to print and mail the signed Form 1040X, together with any other forms that changed or were added, a copy of the new W-2, and any additional required documents (if applicable.)Below are the instructions for amending a 2015 online return.   Again, if you made changes outside of these instructions, youll need to put the entries in your return back like they were so you can follow these instructions.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online  


Ive done a bit of research on this subject, and just want to know if my current form of record keeping is sufficient for my sales of items on eBay.  I just started to do this about a month ago, where I buy several items on Craigslist, and then sell them on eBay... so Im new to the taxes on this stuff.  eBay keeps a record of my sales and fees, so I shouldnt have any issues with keeping track of those and showing proof at the end of the year.  I have issues with getting proof for the cost of the merchandise I buy on Craigslist to write that off as the expense.  It can be difficult to get a receipt from the seller much of the time so Ive just stopped even asking for one.  Especially if it is a garage sale type of environment.  So what I have been doing to make things easier is to simply make a Word document where I record these things: 1) Name of the item or Model number2) Purchase price of the item3) Quantity purchased4) Date of Purchase (or month if I forgot the exact date)5) Photo of the item once I get it to my home.Are those above things enough for proof of the purchase price?  Or do I need to do more than this if I cant get receipts?  I know that it would be improved if I could print out a photo of the ad for proof as well. But there is a current situation where a seller has offered to sell me things before he lists them on Craigslist since Im a repeat customer. He has my phone number and will just text me when he gets new inventory.  He also is not interested in signing any receipts it seems for safety reasons (people sometimes dont want to give out personal information over a Craigslist sale for safety reasons).  So in that case, I cant get a photo of the ad if there is no ad placed and cant get a receipt either.  And last, is it better if from now on if I purchase something on Craigslist, that I withdraw the exact amount of the cost of the item from my bank the same day? That way I will have a withdrawal receipt from the bank and maybe that will add further proof to the purchase price. For example, if I know I am going to buy something on Craigslist for $100 that day and resell it for $200 on eBay, I can go to the bank that day... withdraw $100 cash so I have a receipt for the withdrawal... purchase the item for $100, then resell it for $200, and then write off the $100 expense for the purchase price using the banks withdrawal receipt as proof?Thanks in advance for any help.  Im just trying to get a grasp on this so I dont make any major mistakes.  

First question I have for you is are you charging sales tax to your buyers as you are required to or minimally you must impute them and pay state sales tax withholdings for your sales (note there is an exemption on your purchases as you are intending to resell)...  http://www.salestaxsupport.com/sales-tax-information/sales-tax-help-questions/category/sales-tax-exe...https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Tax-Tips-for-Online-Auction-Sellers  seems you may be becoming a small business.For your recordkeeping purposes, just make sure your cash flows with the bank are reasonable as to what you report.  It would be decent tracking to write a check and put a note in the memo field and cash it for what you are buying.  Write as much information down and keep track, like dates, seller information, etc.  Burden of proof of cost is yours.....  it will all depend on if you get audited.Your question is a very good one but there is no hard fast rule as youre dealing in basically cash transactions so all I can say is keep good documentation (more is always better). 


Do I have to mail in my amended return manually  

Yes, you must print and mail amended returns (and any supporting paperwork if required).  You are not able to file an amended return via e-file. 


Why would I provide an account if I was given the refund option.  

you provide an account exactly so that TurboTAX can take your fee from there if they choose to do so. Next time, dont use the pay from refund option.  


They have been advised to refile their taxe reports and have theirs sent with mine.Turbotax does not allow me to claim them as dependent and I cannot bypass the error.Do I really need to use the Tax paper version, in order to file my own and bypass the error, or is there another way to still use turbotax in order to obtain the corrected version?  

If you wish to claim your siblings as your dependents (and are legally allowed to), do the following:1.  Have your siblings file amended returns (Form 1040X) and indicate they can be claimed as dependents by someone else. Amended returns must be printed and mailed, and take 12 to 16 weeks to process.2.  In the meantime (do not wait for theirs returns to be processed), print and mail your tax return.3.  Send each tax return to the IRS in separate envelopes.  Do not combine them together.  


the amount to be payed on the state form is incorrect because the orginal refund was never sent the amended return show thar i owe the state 625  which should have snown the 625 should be deducted from the 2677 oirginal refund to me  

duplicate post  


any body there  

Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning.To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


The website says my account was last modified 3 months ago  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I am wondering why Im not getting the child tax credit for my 3 dependants ?  

The Child Tax Credit can\nreduce your federal taxes by up to $1,000 for each qualifying child you have.\nThis credit reduces your tax bill dollar-for-dollar unlike a tax deduction that\njust reduces your taxable income.\n\nWe automatically calculate\nthe child tax credit for you, and let you know if your child doesnt qualify.\n\nThe Child Tax Credit is\nlimited to your tax liability, and cant reduce your tax below zero. In other\nwords, the credit you receive cannot be more than the tax you owe.  \n\nIn order to qualify for the\nChild Tax Credit, each child you claim must meet all of these requirements:\n\n        \nThe child is your son, daughter, stepchild, foster child,\nadopted child, brother, sister, stepbrother, stepsister, half-brother,\nhalf-sister, or a descendant of any of them (for example, a grandchild or niece\nor nephew) and\n\n        \nIs claimed\nas a dependent on your tax return with their Social Security\nNumber (SSN) or ITIN, and\n\n        \nIs under the age of 17 at the end of the year (they did not turn 17 during the year), and\n\n        \nThe child did not provide more than half of their own support,\nand\n\n        \nLived with you for more than half the year, and\n\n        \nIs a U.S. citizen, U.S. national, or U.S resident alien\n(being a resident of Canada or Mexico is not sufficient).\n\nFor more information about\nthe Child Tax Credit, refer to IRS\nPublication 972: Child Tax Credit. The Child Credit\nWorksheet on page 4 is a great way to see if you qualify for the credit.\n\nWhy did I get less than the\nmaximum $1,000 credit?\n\nAlthough the maximum Child\nTax Credit is $1,000, you may not qualify for this amount. Your credit will be\nreduced if your modified adjusted gross income is more than $110,000 if Married\nFiling Jointly, $75,000 if Single, Head of Household or Qualifying Widow(er),\nor $55,000 if Married Filing Separately.\n\nWhat is the Additional Tax Credit\n\nIf your Child Tax Credit is\nlimited because you dont owe a lot of taxes, you may qualify for the\nAdditional Child Tax Credit. The Additional Child Tax Credit is the refundable\nportion of the Child Tax Credit, meaning you could receive some of the credit\nas a refund even if you dont owe taxes.\n\nTurboTax automatically\ncalculates the Additional Child Tax Credit for you if you qualify.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy\nis My child Tax Credit Less Than Last Year?\n\n \n\nGEN12040\n\n-\nAnswered by TurboTax FAQ to this question 


This is a first for me. I may have the option to start work as a full-time employee for a European company. Im a US Citizen and I have always paid my taxes here. Im trying to determine how it would work if I took this job. The company has no US presence and they said I would be responsible for my own taxes. Would I still do this as self-employed even if Im considered a full-time employee of said company? When do I start paying taxes on the income earned? I understand there is a way to estimate and pay quarterly but I dont have much more info on that.  

yes , you will treated as a self-employed person. The only extra hit you would get  is the extra 7.5% that you would pay ( self-employment taxes  vs Social-Security and Medicare). On the other hand  you could deduct against the income all expenses associated with this income --  home-office/ office, mileage, supplies etc. etc..  There is no other issue that I know of  -- health insurance, 401(k) HSA etc. all still operate similarly -- just that you have to be responsible rather than the employer.  Yes, you would have to pay estimated quarterly taxes for both Fed and State ( if your state taxes income ). TurboTax or other programs  can compute this for you.  


I my excess contribution was $500 and it lost value the 1099-R shows $473.00.  Should I be paying tax on the $473 and a penalty?  Is J8 the correct code on the 1099-R?  

Based on the codes, this is from a ROTH IRA. If so, you already paid taxes on it in 2015 before you contributed it. Note that J8 is not a code. You have two codes and theyll both be selected in the TurboTax program one at a time. Code 8 indicates the amount reported on the 1099-R is a return of a contribution you made in 2015, and its taxable. Code J indicates that this returned contribution is from a ROTH IRA. Youll enter this 1099-R under the Personal Income tab in the Retirement Plans and Social Security section. Under that section elect to start/update IRA, 401(k), Pension Plans (1099-R) and go from there. 


I need help stopping the IRS from taking money out my account every month, due to a falsely filed return  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


Virginia debit was suppose to occur on April 30th....no $ has been debited  

April 30 was a Saturday (when banks do not process).  


The payment method needs to be corrected.  

If you have not yet filed, click the Personal tab to exit the Filing interview, then click the File tab to restart the interview and change your answers.  However, understand that not all states will allow a direct debit via Turbotax.  If you are in one of the states that does not allow this, pay separately will be your only choice.If you have already transmitted your return, it is too late to change it.  If you need to make a payment to the state (either because you selected the wrong payment method or because your state does not allow electronic payments via Turbotax), then check your states tax web site for electronic payment options.  


NCDOR states no tax credit is allowed since my out of state income has not been taxed by NC. But I did pay to NC and they did not give me credit for Va Tax that was paid.  

NC requires a copy of State Tax Return to another state, and even proof of payment, to be attached to your NC return.You may dispute, by sending in these documents.  


tax filed with wrong amount in 1098-T  

Then youll need to file an amended return. \n\nIf you have already E-filed your tax return and need to make\na change for any reason, then you have no choice but to wait until the IRS\nprocesses your E-filed return. If the IRS rejects your E-filed return, then you\ncan just make the necessary changes and resubmit it.\n\nIf the IRS accepts your E-filed return, then you must WAIT\nuntil the IRS has processed your return, and until you have received your refund.\nThen you will need to file an amended return.\n\nIf your E-Filed return is pending, and you change anything\non your copy of your return, then you are guaranteed\nto have major issues with correcting\nor amending it later. So for your own sanity, do not touch anything until its\ntime, as clarified above. \n\nIf my return is accepted, why do I\nhave to wait for my refund before I can amend it?\n\nJust because the IRS has accepted your return, does not mean\nthat they agree with it. Sometimes, the IRS will catch your error (or some\nother error you dont know about) and go ahead and correct it for you. Youll\nknow that when your refund is not what you expected.  So you have to wait for the refund.  If that happens to you, then you will receive\na letter 3-4 weeks after you receive your refund, explaining what was changed,\nwhy it was changed, and with instructions on what actions to take if your\ndispute the change. If\nyou receive such a letter, post in this forum with the details (without including personal information)\nand well try to help you get your copy of the return in agreement with the IRS\nchanges, so you wont have issues importing next year.\n\n  


just trying to download my 2014 taxes, followed the directives on your wonky unuser friendly site and I still cannot download, with my tax timeline still saying I need to upgrade but the option of PLUS is now grey meaning I have it- {profanity}  

You have to pay for the upgrade before you will be able to access the prior year tax returns.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I tried correcting the information on the website but it won't go through.  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal account or billing records.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.   Support opens at 8am Pacific time, so youve got a little over an hour before they open. 


i need to print  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader. 


I still need to add the property taxes and insurance for the rental property.  

No the federal tax return has not been accepted since you did not sign the return.  You can make any changes, deletions or additions needed on the return and then mail the return back to the IRS.  You do Not send an amended tax return since the original return was never accepted.  


Its been 8 days and the 1541 federal tax payment I owe still hasnt posted. my bank sees no transaction. the irs says they show they were paid. whats going on when will this payment be posted on my bank account  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check your bank account information.  Log into your account and download or print all forms and worksheets.  It will contain an instruction page that shows what you said you would do (pay by check, electronic payment, etc.) and the account number.If you selected pay by bank debit and your account numbers are correct, then the IRS is probably just not caught up yet.  If you find that you said you would pay by check, or you find that your bank account number is wrong, you can make an online payment here, www.is.gov/payments\nIn the rare event that you did use a correct account number but the IRS is unable to process the payment, they will send you a bill.  I would not make any extra payments in the mean time because you could end up with a double payment that will take a long time to get back.  The interest rate on late payments is fairly lowthe big penalty is for not filing on time.  


I have sold our rental home. \nWe have used TurboTax for years.  \nI am able to find the forms reporting the current year depreciation\nschedules.  What I need is: (1) detail of\nthe cost basis of the property; (2) date placed in service and (3) the amount\nof accumulate depreciation that has been deducted since placed in service.  Where/How can I find this information please?  

Thankfully you are using the desktop version.Your basis will be the land basis plus the undepreciated amounts for each asset you entered in TT adjusted for any carryforward losses you may have.  Note that the states often use different depreciation methods and as well AMT may be different so you must look at depreciation reports for each.In TT choose top VIEW, then FORMS, under Schedule E close to bottom is the DEPRECIATION REPORT which will summarize all the information you need.  You will have to look at your state as different states, have different forms for Fed adjustments for depreciation.  


The direct debit worked for IRS for the federal but the state (NC) has not deducted the funds yet.  

WELLLLL......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, but NC doesnt).TurboTax cannot arrange that NC payment for you with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html  


what were the fees?  

You can see your fees by opening your tax return then clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees.  


Quicken asks for my intuit Pass Word to get into my vault but it doesn't work.  What's wrong?  

This is the TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Quicken in the Quicken Community, at the following link.https://qlc.intuit.com/  


I upgraded to the best package offered hoping this wouldnt happen again. Im a combat veteran and Ive been [removed] of every penny and had my combat pay taxed and all I get is shit saying you owe this and you owe that. I put my life on the line for this country. I dont owe anyone [removed]. Kiss my [removed] turbo tax. You can put that $72.00 Im not going to pay you on my ridiculously [removed] up and life crippling credit report. Thank you for nothing. Glad I gave up everything so I could get treated like [removed] for the rest of my life. [Profanity] all of you government affiliates.  

Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning. To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I know i will receive a w-2 and my employer will be deducting tax automatically from my fulltime job. However, since lyft is not going to take it out from my paycheck how will i know how much more will owe and what will be my payment in estimated taxes. is it even a good option to drive for lyft ? if i am paying taxes as well as a percentage to lyft.  

You can get an estimate of what your taxes will be using this TurboTax tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/Assuming no federal income taxes or self employment taxes will be withheld on your lyft income, you will probably need to pay quarterly estimated taxes during the year. Your federal income will be taxed at the marginal tax rate on your net income and your self employment taxes will be about 15.3% of your net income. Your marginal tax rate (tax bracket) will be determined by your total income.  


what do I do as the state wants me to eFile the payment direct to them?  

If your state offers a payment option on their revenue website, with no fee, use it. Otherwise mail in a check for the amount due.  


I've tried to log into its deductible for two days and it won't load. Eventually I get a notice that the page doesn't exist. Have you discontinued it? If so, please post to the web.  

Try a different internet browser.  


copy of return  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader. 


in 2013 I took out money from my retirement acct. 8000 was a lump sum. 11000 was to have been a loan from my ira and I was going to pay back in installments via my check. but shortly after, my company was sold to another company and the retirement company changed and I never heard anything about the 11000. now I got letter to pay taxes and penalties. is there anything I can do about the penalty amount as the 11000 was to be a loan not a lump sum?  

if you have a 401k loan outstanding you may be able to pay it back.You cannot take a loan against an IRA, so there would be no way to get the money back into the IRA once it is out.  


I already filed my federal taxes using the W2 that I received from my employer. We found out that they should not be taking FICA/Medi taxes from my paycheck so they sent me a W2-c today. Could TurboTax please assist me with re-filing my federal taxes? I used TurboTax to file using my original W2.P.S.: I have already received a refund for my original federal return. So when I refile, I will only have to request the new amount due to FICA/MEDI  

If they just moved the FICA and Medicare to Federal withholding, then you will want to file an amended return to get that additional federal withholding refunded to you.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


I tried to apply for a new pin, but it says that I cannot do that online  

Then your only option is to print and mail the tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to print your tax return for mailing - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-online  


I paid for the Deluxe version, but Turbotax isn't giving me access to my 2015 return.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader. 


Who should I contact?  

https://www.irs.gov/uac/Pay-Taxes-by-Electronic-Funds-Withdrawal\nIn the event Treasury causes an incorrect amount of funds to be withdrawn from a bank account, Treasury will return any improperly transferred funds.\nOnce your return is accepted, information pertaining to your payment, such as account information, payment date, or amount, cannot be changed. If changes are needed, the only option is to cancel the payment and choose another payment method.\n\nCall IRS e-file Payment Services 24/7 at 1-888-353-4537 to inquire about or cancel your payment, but please wait 7 to 10 days after your return was accepted before calling.\nCancellation requests must be received no later than 11:59 p.m. ET two business days prior to the scheduled payment date.\nIf a payment is returned by your financial institution (e.g., due to insufficient funds, incorrect account information, closed account, etc.) the IRS will mail a Letter 4870 to the address we have on file for you, explaining why the payment could not be processed, and providing alternate payment options.\nIn the event your financial institution is unable to process your payment request, you will be responsible for making other payment arrangements, and for any penalties and interest incurred.\nContact your financial institution immediately if there is an error in the amount withdrawn.\n\n  


I am cashing out of my 401k early; worth 12,500. With the early penalty fee and the taxes I will only bring home around 6,000 - $7,000. When filing my taxes will I still have to owe even though I was already taxed and almost half was already taken? if so around how much would I have to pay when I file taxes?  

You won't know until you do your tax return.  The withholding may be enough or you may owe more.  You don't actually pay the tax or 10% penalty (you pay a 10% early withdrawal penalty if you are under 59 ).  You had taxes withheld like from your paycheck. You still have to enter the whole amount (before taxes were withheld) with your other income to figure out the total tax (and it may put you into a higher tax bracket)  and then the withholding is subtracted from the total tax to figure your refund or tax due.  The withholding will show up on 1040 line 64 (1040A line 40).   The 10% penalty is on 1040 line 59.  


I would like to speak to someone please call me at [phone number removed for security]..  thank you Judith  

Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning. To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I have multiple accounts. The other accounts allow me to go back into prior returns because I paid for the upgrade.  I need to go back into a different account to pull up 2011 return and your software wants me to pay even though I have already paid in different account.  

You can ask them to unlock it for you.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The state tax product failed to calculate my retirement contributions properly. Can this be fixed in the future?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I still havent gotten any IRS documents setting me up on their payment plan. Im confused, this is my first year self- employed..  

If you made a payment, see the comment below.  If you requested a payment plan, you need to wait for the IRS to mail you a letter saying that the requested plan has been accepted or rejected, with further instructions and a schedule.  First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, if you made a direct payment, check your bank account information.  Log into your account and download or print all forms and worksheets.  It will contain an instruction page that shows what you said you would do (pay by check, electronic payment, etc.) and the account number.If you selected pay by bank debit and your account numbers are correct, then the IRS is probably just not caught up yet.  If you find that you said you would pay by check, or you find that your bank account number is wrong, you can make an online payment here, www.is.gov/payments\nIn the rare event that you did use a correct account number but the IRS is unable to process the payment, they will send you a bill.  I would not make any extra payments in the mean time because you could end up with a double payment that will take a long time to get back.  The interest rate on late payments is fairly lowthe big penalty is for not filing on time.  


I was told that even though my sale closed in June 2015 that the short sale process may not be completed and I should receive 1099c later.  

Please READ this, your debt may still not be forgiven.a loan is secured by property, such as a mortgage where the home and land stand as collateral, and the lender takes the property as full or partial settlement of the debt, it is considered a sale for tax purposes, not a forgiven debt. In that case, you may need to report capital gains or losses on the sale of the property, but you will not need to add forgiven debt to your income. Read this in detail:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Home-Ownership/How-to-Avoid-Taxes-on-Canceled-Mortgag...Was I helpful?  


Perhaps they are behind in their transactions. I dont know if I wait on them to mail me the payment application or for a sudden spontaneous withdraw of the first payment.  

It can take several months for IRS to approve or deny an application for an installment agreement.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance due before the plan is approved (or denied) the easiest way is to use the IRS Direct pay website.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay  


Turbo tax said I'm eligible for a free phone  

Go to any phone store, mall, Walmart etc. and ask about the LifeLine cell phone plan for free and discounted cell phones for low income persons.  turbotax does not sell phones.  


I WAS NOT ASK FOR AN A/C NUMBER BUT I HAVE HAD RETURNS SENT TO MY A/C IN OTHER YEARS AND ASSUMED YOU WOULD USE THE SAME A/C SINCE I WASNT ASKED FOR A N A/C NUMBER  

If you are filing with Turbotax installed on your own computer from the download or CD (the desktop version), and if you started your return by transferring a previous return, then the account info from that return was automatically included.  You had the opportunity to change it, but might have missed it.  To check the account number that you transmitted with your return, open your return, switch to Forms mode, and look at Info Wks, I believe the bank account is in section 5.Since you now owe a payment, you can mail a check or pay electronically from www.is.gov/payments.  As long as you filed on time, the interest rate for a late payment is fairly small.  Don;t try and pay interest, just pay your tax and wait for the IRS to bill you.  


If I didn't need to report the entire amount how do I file an amended return?  

Your may have been able to claim insolvency.  However, if you filed by the April 2013 due date; it is now beyond the Statute of Limitations to file for a refund.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/p4681--2012.pdf  


How do I speak to an actual person? None of these automated answer services are giving me any answers.  

Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


where is my money  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Check your states tax web site for how to check your refund status.  


Filing an 1120 H for a homeowners association.  There is a mortgage on the association clubhouse. Trying to figure out if the entire mortgage payment is included on line C or just the interest portion.  Line C say expenditures not expenses.Also need to know where to put tax return preparation fees.  

Is principle paid on an association clubhouse included in line C on for 1120 H?The entire payment is included on line C. Item C. is for the 90% expenditure test.  The IRS instructions include:  \nAt least 90% of the associations expenditures for the tax year must consist of expenses to acquire, build, manage, maintain, and care for property, and in the case of a timeshare association, for activities provided to, or on behalf of, members of the timeshare association. Include current and capital expenditures. Notice that the instructions specifically include capital expenditures.Are tax return preparation fees included on line C or line 15 on form 1120H?They are put on both.  Line C is not to determine deductible expenditures, but rather is for the 90% test.  Consequently, it will duplicate expenses shown elsewhere.If youre having difficulty with it, you may want to review the IRSs instructions for Form 1120-H here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1120h.pdf\n 


I would like to pay with my credit card so I can print my 2014 tax return.  I can only add the upgrade but I can't get to a payment screen  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Why have I received a letter from the La Dept of Revenue stating my review has been selected for review and why do they state it may be completed in 90 days from the date of the letter. The letter date was 4/5/16.  

Why?  You may never know.   Random reviews can happen for no reason, they are just randomly selected.   You would need to ask the state for the reason your return was selected for review.  


Child Support intercepted my ex tax refund on 2/10 he recieved a letter saying it was taken for arrears... Now in may child support say the issuing agency has taken it back??? What does that mean? He is not married and i dont think he can file injured spouse... any info is appreciated thanks  

The most likely scenerio is he also owes back taxes. Based on the reciprocity agreements with the states, the federal debt must be satisfied first before any funds can be offset to the states (including child support).  


Thanks in advance  

If that is your only income you are below the filing requirement and do not have to file.  


Do I file married filing jointly to claim him as a dependent? Also should I change the number of exemptions on my paycheck to reflect how I file?  

For 2016 it would likely be best if you filed married filing jointly,.  In doing so, you would claim both yours and his exemption.For 2015 you would need to file as single.  To claim his as a dependent he would need to have lived with you all of 2015 and earn less than $4,000 subject to tax (social security doesnt count.)  


Does anyone ever get a callback?  I have been trying to call since 9am ET and the system says I will be called back but all I get is a VM saying they missed me!  What kind of customer service is this????  

Unfortunately, this is one of the worst times to have to call the IRS. However, you need to be persistent in contacting them to work out a resolution. An alternative to calling, if you are able, is to go to your local office. The folks in Taxpayer Service will try and help you to set up payments, if thats what youre looking to do.  


Need to print them  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year you want from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


order # TTWGY6F31763681  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I opted to have my TurboTax fees deducted from my refund and I STILL have not had it deposited to my bank.  My state came immediately, federal is now up to day 6 after being sent electronically.  

First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.  


We've already filed but I think we've missed marking that we both were covered last year. How can I verify that we incurred a penalty?  

Look at your Form 1040 Line 61 or Form 1040A Line 38.  If there is an amount shown on those lines then a penalty was assessed.  If neither line have an amount and the box for Full-year coverage is checked, then you are all good for 2015.  


I used TurboTax to file my extension and make a payment to the IRS.  I am looking for confirmation that the payment was made.  

This is a user forum and not TurboTax support.  You can speak directly with a TurboTax support agent and see if they can determine the amount sent with your extension.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation for TurboTax support - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I filed back in April, and it said it was accepted. Up until Friday. There wheres my refund tool says "Your refund is still being processed, check back later for an update." Does anyone know why this might be happening?  

The usual reasons are that the IRS needs to verify something -- your income, a dependent, EIC, a large refund going to a new bank account, etc.  But they do not publicly disclose the criteria of why some returns are selected for verification.If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate  


I'm filing a federal and CA state amendment. I know I need to sign the 1040X and include the old return. Do I sign the old return as well? And same with CA return?  

Include with your amended return only those forms and schedules that have changed from your prior return.  You do not have to re-send your entire prior return.  You only have to sign the amended returns.  


Your site says to pay the fee and complete my 2015 return. My return was done privately. I cannot complete it again. I do not want to get my return through the IRS as it takes 90 days. Please provide a copy of my 2014 return that I paid for.  

If you did not use the TurboTax online editions for tax year 2014 or used only the Free edition, then access to your online returns ended on October 15, 2015.  You will need to start a 2015 online return and pay for the Plus edition (the least expensive edition at $29.99).  You do Not have to complete the 2015 return, only pay for the edition.  This will give you access to all your prior year returns until October 16, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I can not download my 2015 returns. They have been done and paid for and the only thing that comes up under my tax timeline is that i have joined taxes  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


it is the first time I am doing turbotax.  I already sent my 2015 returns but I would like to know about my questions and then go ahead and pay and printI insist in knowing if I could talk on the phone o if there is a turbotax office I can go  

There are no TurboTax offices. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041  


can I buy TT to complete my 2014 OH taxes? if so, how do I do that  

State tax return software is not sold alone. You would have to buy the federal tax return software program that also includes state to be able to complete a state return. You would also have to complete the 2014 federal return before you could complete the state return. Here is a link to buy prior year products if you want to: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Have you thought about just downloading the Ohio state tax forms from the Ohio web site and completing them by hand?  


should I exclude my 1099c from entering in the taxes they are for closing of my business 20K in credit card debts and 1700 in rental property that I transferred or sold. turbo tax after answers the prompts it simply disappears and doesn't have a place to enter them does that mean exclude them?  

Under Wages and Income go down the list to Misc Income. There should be a button on the right that says show all.Where you were clicking is the description not an entry lineAt the very bottom of the list is a line that says Misc income 1099-A, 1099-C.  Enter your information there.Yes you do need to report the 1099-c and go carefully through the questions after that to see if you have any exception to taxable income.  


Hello, I received a letter from the IRS unfortunately my 2015 tax return is still being processed. The IRS sent me a letter stating that they need some additional  information regarding my 1095-A (2015)Healthcare Marketplace Statements. I neglected to input them on my 2015 tax return (by mistake). How can I update the info on my 2015 return an resubmit my return to the IRS?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use in response to the IRS notice - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


My mom passed away on 4/21. I've looked through her paperwork and computer and can't find out whether or not she filed her 2015 return.  

Unfortunately, a death in the family is made only more burdensome and disquieting by the taxation system.Until the scammers took over this past year, the IRS offered an online service to provide transcripts and account records directly online.  Now the process is more cumbersome and the transcripts and account records are postal mailed.  See links below.  The process will take anywhere from 2 to 4 weeks as the IRS is, apparently, understaffed.If you mother was employed, check with the past employer for a copy of a W-2.If she had bank accounts or brokerage or mutual fund accounts, check for Form 1099-INTerest, 1099-DIVidend  and 1099-Brokerage.  Also look for monthly or quarterly statements, or email notifications of same if she used email.Check to see if there is either a check or direct debit in her bank account with the payee being either the U.S. Treasury or the state of residence.  Alternatively, in the next several weeks, watch for a direct deposit of a refund, or receipt of a check.Here are the several relevant IRS web pages:\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  by mail\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-to-Get-a-Transcript-or-Copy-of-a-Prior-Year-Tax-Return\nWhen you have this first matter resolved, come back to get instructions on the complex multiple tax filings that may be necessary - for income and deductions prior to death on Form 1040 and for income and deductions subsequent to death on Form 1041.  


I filed my taxes a month ago and still haven't received my Georgia state tax return.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on tracking your GA return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2896705-how-do-i-track-my-georgia-tax-refund 


The IRS says it was deposited on 3/30.  

If you used refund processing to deduct your Turbotax fees from your refund, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If you did not use refund processing, and your refund should have been deposited in your bank account, start by logging into your account and download or print the pdf for All forms and worksheets. Check the page of instructions for your bank account info, and make sure the account number and routing number are correct.  If both your bank and the IRS cant help you, use this link to start a Trace on your refund https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n  


My amended tax return was accepted, adjusted and completed but I never received the letter of adjustment. How long does it take for IRS to mail a check? I tried calling but their systems are down...go figure!!  

What is happening when Wheres My Amended Return? shows the status is: Completed?This means your Form 1040X- Amended Tax Return has completed processing resulting in a refund, balance due, or no tax change. This timeframe also means all correspondence related to the processing of your amended tax return has been mailed to you.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...Most likely the letter is in the mail on its way to you. April 29 was just last Friday.  


I need help with FASFA and my taxes...  

After you have filed your 2015 tax return, you can find the FAFSA sheet listed on your Tax Timeline.  To access this, you will do the following: \nLog in to your TurboTax Online account\nClick on Taxes  (at the top of the page)\nChoose My Tax Timeline\nOnce you are in your Tax Timeline you will see several options listed under your 2015 tax return, locate view tax data for FAFSA\nClick to open, and choose that you are the parent.  \nIf you want to print the page, you will need to print screen, or take a screenshot and print that. 


I used free turbo tax software for 2013.  I filed but didn't send. Yhe tax summsry was for 2015?  

You cant use the current online software to prepare and file a 2013 tax return. Open the tax return you prepared and click on My Account then Tools then Clear & Start Over. This will delete the file. You will need to buy and download the 2013 CD/download product to prepare, print and mail a 2013 tax return. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


Where are my refund state and federal were accepted on 4/5/16 still have not received either yet  

Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


How do i access the Canadian system?  

Go here for Canada:http://turbotax.intuit.ca/personal-tax-software/online-tax-software.jsp  


it is through the teachers retirement plan  

Are you asking if its deductible? You dont get immediate credit. Rather, the payments add to the cost of your\npension and makes a portion of the retirement payments tax free when you start\nto receive them.  


cant find how to print my 2015 return. Do I have to pay extra even though I already paid to file with turbo tax?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I filed my taxes with my w2 and ended up with a refund, but I recently got a second w2 from my job because I worked in a different city. The second w2 doesnt have federal taxes on it but it has city taxes taken out. Does that mean I didnt pay federal taxes on it yet even though it is from thee same job?  

Does that mean I didnt pay federal taxes on it yet even though it is from thee same job?Maybe.  Because different employers handle this in different ways, you really need to ask your employer what they did. 


I only provide the last 4 digits of my SSN on form 8332.  My ex is requesting my entire ssn.  

You need your entire SSN on an IRS tax document.  


\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIve got a few questions because Im new to this:I work an hourly job. My wife just started freelancing and has one main client. Will we BOTH pay our taxes quarterly now or will we ONLY pay hers quarterly and I will pay mine at the beginning of 2017?Will we add our business expenses for tax deductions when we file mine in 2017?What version of Turbo Tax will work best for us?  

If you file jointly, you are filing as one taxpayer.  Generally, if one spouse works a W-2 job, their taxes will be withheld timely by the employer.  The freelancing spouse should file quarterly estimated taxes to account for the net income (after expenses) and both self-employment tax and income tax.  But it is possible sometimes for the W-2 spouse to exaggerate their withholdingthe IRS just wants the money evenly over the year rather than paying a lump sum at the end.  


Please update me asap  

If the IRS reduced your refund, they will send you a letter explaining why. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get the refund.For more information, see the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288510 


Hello, I realized that my bank account has been closed recently since I didn't deposited money. So I cannot get my tax return. Is it possible to get my tax return as check in my name and posted to a new address?Thank you.BestEsra Guzel  

If the IRS is unable to direct deposit your refund into the checking account you specified, it will issue a paper check and mail it to the address shown on your tax return.  


I need to get my two last years tax return. How can I do it?  

You are askign from TT desktop. If thats what you used, look on your computer hard drive for .tax2014 and .tax2015 files.  


When I click Check E-file Status, a window pops up - Cannot get status without Social Security Number.  

If you are using Turbotax installed on your own computer, and have your tax file open, that is a very odd error to get.  In some cases, Turbotax uses an internet explorer shell to retrieve certain information, so you might try quitting turbotax, then clear/reset the cookies and caches in Internet Explorer, then open your Turbotax file and try again.  I suppose it could also be an internet fault of some kind,or a bad installation of the program.The alternate method posted above should work as well.  When you have your tax file open, click the Forms icon at the top of the screen to switch to Forms mode, and look at the menu of forms on the left side.  Do any of them have a red (!) mark that indicates an error?If you cant get the e-file check to work in the program and want to ask tech support to help figure out why, you can try calling them.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I NEED TO PAY MY BILLS.  

This is Turbotax, not H&R Block.  


How can I file my state income tax on Turbo tax for free.  I am being asked to pay $29.99 for filing a state return when I am only receiving $7.00 back.  That doesn't make sense to me.  Why would I pay $29.99 to get back $7  

The free state offer for TT Federal free users ended on March 31. And some TT users pay fees even though they owe taxes.  


The instructions on the website to find, and add the form don't match the website layout.  How can I add the form to my tax return?  

\n\nIf you have already e-filed your\nreturns, you may revisit the software to prepare this form. To do so,\nfollow these steps:\n\n1.      Sign in to\nTurboTax Online\n\n2.      Click Taxes\n\n3.      Click My\nTax Timeline\n\n4.      Scroll\ndown to 2015, and see the SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO section\n\n5.      Click Add\na state under your 2015 tax return\n\n6.      Then\nfollow the steps below to prepare the form.\n\nThis is to get back in to\nthe tax preparation program.\n\nThen, to prepare Form 8379 for Injured\nSpouse allocation:\n\n1.      Click\non Federal Taxes (Personal, if using Home & Business)\n\n2.      Click\non Other Tax Situations\n\n3.      Click\non Miscellaneous Tax Forms\n\n4.      Click\non Report an injured or innocent spouse claim\n\n5.      Follow\nthe prompts \n\nSince you have already\nfiled your Federal tax return, you will have to prepare and mail this form\nto the IRS. To do so, after completing the steps above to add the form to your\ntax preparation, click My\nAccount (in the top right\ncorner), then Save and Sign Out immediately\nafter completing the form. Then follow these steps:\n\n1.      Sign back in to\nTurboTax Online\n\n2.      Click Taxes\n\n3.      Click My\nTax Timeline\n\n4.      Scroll\ndown to 2015, and see the SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO section\n\n5.      Click Download\nall forms and worksheets\n\n6.      Then\nprint and mail Form 8379\nfor Injured Spouse allocation \n\nThen you may refer to this link\nfor where to mail a Form 8379 that the original return was e-filed.  You\nwill need to select your state: https://www.irs.gov/uac/Where-to-File-Addresses-for-Tax-Professionals\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I amended my taxes a couple months ago, so why is it not showing up?  

Showing up where?   If its been more than 3 weeks since you mailed the amended return in, you can track its progress here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


I would like to know if my Federal and State refund is still being processed?  

Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


Another employee and myself are going to start cleaning our offices. Is it necessary to fill out W-9s and 1099s for both of us and pay taxes? Since we are already employees it doesnt make sense to me.  

Sounds like your employer is hiring you as independent contractors for the cleaning gig, rather than employees.  


$250 dollars is missing..... help  

$250 dollars is missing..Most likely the IRS adjusted and/or offset your refund. They will be sending you a letter.  


This is my first use of TurboTax online and I am a little lost. This year I changed my direct deposit institution and my refund has yet to show up. I would like to check the institution I entered in TurboTax to confirm what I remember. How do I do this?  Thank you.  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.To check how you requested your refund and what account numbers you actually used, you can log into your account, download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the instructions page.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  


I opted for the debit card as payout. I have not received. I have made several attempts to resolve with MA to no avail. please advise  

Seek help from the Taxpayer Advocate Office ... http://www.mass.gov/dor/individuals/taxpayer-help-and-resources/office-of-the-taxpayer-advocate.html  


I filed my taxes, both state and federal, a month ago. Federal has already came out of my bank account a day after it was accepted but my state still has not. Why?  

Unfortunately, NC does not take the payment out. Instead you have to go to the NC website. See this answerhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5401872  


I had neck surgery March 30 (double discectomy). Nerve damage followed. Did not mail Tax Return until today (postmarked tomorrow). Need to know what I need to do to notify IRS. Can you help?  

If you mailed your IRS return today (and state, if you have one) then you are done.  There is nothing else to do.You cant file an extension request after the deadline, and in any case there is nothing to request if you are mailing your final return.Any penalties are a percentage of what you owe, so if you are due a refund, there are no penalties.  If you owe, the IRS will mail you a bill for penalties and interest.The only thing I might suggest is using some type of mail service that has signature trackingeither through the mail or through FedEx or UPSso you have confirmation of when the IRS recieves it as well as confirmation of when you sent it.  


My cousin drives a lot for work and would like to purchase a hybrid eligible for the maximum tax credit of $7500. He, however, does not earn enough to take full advantage of the credit, but I do. I would have no problem buying the car for him, since he will give me the cost of the car minus $7500, and taking the credit at tax time. The car title will need to be signed over to him at some point; I'd prefer a time frame of less than a year. The car will most likely be purchased out of state and we live in Wisconsin and Illinois.1) What is the best way to get him the title while incurring the least amount of tax burden in the processes?2) States also offer tax credits. Is the state giving the tax credit determined by the place of purchase or registration?3) Are there any unexpected pitfalls in this process for which I should be on the lookout?Any help would be appreciated. Thanks  

The IRS often applies a doctrine of substance over form.  If the substance of the transaction is that your cousin purchased a car, then the form of the transaction (title first to you then to him) is disregarded.  For that reason, I wouldnt attempt what you are suggesting. 


I filed our tax return in January and already received our refund in February. However, I just requested and received the tax transcript in the mail and noticed that it says we only have 3 dependents and lists only 3 with their SSNs. We have 4! One being born Jan 2015, so he was new on this return. I pulled up the return I submitted and I did in fact put in all the correct info for our 4th child (I was sure I had b/c I triple checked everything before submitting). So, why would he not be showing on the tax transcript and does this mean we didnt get the right refund?? Nobody else could claim him. We are married filing jointly, never divorced, birth parents to all 4, they all lived with us all 12 mos, all under 10 yrs old. Pretty cut and dry dependent situation. But I have no idea what to do next to find out what happened and fix it if something is wrong.  

On the IRS transcript ... are you looking at the EIC section ?  Only 3 children will be shown in that section which can be most confusing. Review the rest of the numbers on your return and the transcript  .... are the rest of the numbers correct?  Was the personal exemption amount $4000 x 6 = $36,000 on your return the same as it is on the transcript?  Really look carefully to compare all the figures for the income, AGI, filing status, exemptions, taxes owed & paid as well as the credits. Remember the transcript is not a complete copy of the return, just the highlights of the significant amounts.  


Ive seen other questions similar to this one, but none that answered this particular issue.My colleges definition of full-time is 12cr/semester. However, this only applies to spring and fall semesters. Due to course availability, my schedule ended up looking as following:Spring 2016: 11 CreditsSummer 2016: 10 CreditsFall 2016: 11 CreditsThats a total of 32 credits in one academic year (well over the 24 that two 12-cr semesters would add to) but it doesnt meet the traditional definition of full-time because neither Spring nor Fall have more than 12. Will I be able to claim full-time on my taxes?  

Indirectly answered by Texas Roger in the comments. My original question asks if my conditions qualify for full-time status, but the premise of the question was flawed. The American Opportunity Credit only requires that the student be half-time, not full-time.  


IM A TAX PREPARE and have a client want to file eletronic...I use pro series  

This forum is for TurboTax personal products, which are not licensed for tax professionals to file client returns.   If you are using Pro Series, then here is the link to Pro Series support:https://accountants.intuit.com/support/tax/proseries/index.jspTurboTax personal products allow efiling of personal returns until the mid-October extension deadline.  Pro Series ought to allow efiling at least that long, too. 


family of 5.  parents are still together, and everyone is out of the house.  

If your parents can not claim you as a dependent, this post may help:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...  


Can you please send verification phone to my mobile phone [remove]  

I see youre using Firefox, so you should be able to keep the verification \nscreen open while you use a second tab or second window\n to retrieve the code from your email.  Then you enter it in the screen \nthat you left open.  If you close that original screen, it resets \neverything, and the code will be seen as expired.If youd rather get text messages, see if you can do this?  See if you can click on MY ACCOUNT at the top of your TurboTax screen, and \nthen go into Account Settings and then to the Security tab.  Then scroll to Two-Step \nVerification.  You may be able to switch to text messages to get the\n code.If you are unable to use email or text messages to get the \ncode, does the interface where it asks for the code have a small link \nthat says something like Id like to use another method or Didnt get a code?   If so, try that.Also read this FAQ and see if any of the info is helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4576376  


I gave the amount of 15108.00 and the correct amount should have been 28692.32 What do I need to do? Should I amend the return?  

To amend your return to add information you should wait until your tax return has been processed and the refund or payment has been cleared. Then you need to open your account and choose the Amend my return  under  Taxeshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online\n\nSign in to your TurboTax account. \nClick Taxes in the upper left corner.\nIn the 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend (change) return. If you dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You can make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\nIn the pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\n  


So I do need to do something more besides the basic activation?  

No, you dont need to do anything else.   TurboTax and NetSpend should have provided the IRS the routing number and account number for your particular NetSpend Card.You can monitor your Federal refund status at this link:http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf you had no TurboTax fees, or if you paid them upfront, the direct deposit should come directly from the IRS to your card.However, if you had any TurboTax fees that you paid out of your Federal refund (the refund processing service), that is handled by an intermediary company, SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   The refund first goes to one of their two banks where the fees are subtracted, then that bank sends the direct deposit on to your bank.  If you did use that service, once the IRS releases your refund, you can check on the status at the SBTPG website by signing into your temporary account there.  Use the Taxpayer portal below:https://cisc.sbtpg.comIf you did NOT use that service to pay TurboTax fees, then the above paragraph does not apply to you.  


Under the "my tax timeline," I can only download one state.  

You may have to open your return back up and print from the Print Center to get everything.  Ill tell you how to do that below if necessary.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but as you said above, it may not have everything you need.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that larger PDF have everything you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


My son had a dental procedure done in December of 2013 but we did not finish paying for the procedure until Jan 2014.  Could we claim this amount still even though the work was done in 2013  

Enter a 1099-Int  under Federal Taxes tabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Interest and DividendsInterest on 1099INT - Click the Start or Update button  


I was sent two separate 1099-MISCs from the same Payer, can I put my cell phone amount on both and claim 100% or am I allowed to only use for one?  

You will file as an independent contractor with 1099-misc income for all your non-employee income. Each individual 1099-misc does not have its own expenses. You can only claim an expense Once.Unless you have a personal phone as well as a business phone the IRS will disallow the expense unless you prove additional cost for use in the business and that there is minimal personal use.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3320228-how-do-i-deduct-cell-phone-bill  


I got my federal tax and Louisiana Tax back but not Ok but not Oklahoma  

Since OK told you to wait three weeks, thats what you need to do.  Only they can tell you the reason for the delay.  


I need a receipt showing the full refund less service fees that match the deposit  

Open your account and go to the menu at the top MY account. Look under Tools to find the My fees link. 


There are no more details.  All my files have been deleted by the update.  

Updating the application should not delete or change your tax data file.  The default location is your Documents folder and the default file name is firstname lastname 2015.tax2015.  Check your documents folder or do a search for .tax2015.  You should also keep backups of all your important files just as standard practice.  


if i ended up owing money to irs, does it mean my tax return would show no schedules?  

No, the schedules should be included in your tax return if they were required to be filed.  See if the instructions below, for printing a copy of your return after filing, help.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


Before I amended, I owed $749 to Federal, and $182 to state, then after I amended my tax return and changed my dependents, it showed I was due $600 from federal and about $200 from state. It does not show that on my turbo tax account and I would also like to know the status of my return.  

Do you mean you filed on Jan 30, 2016?Amended returns (Form 1040X)  must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process. See this:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


Hi. I have previously filed returns with TurboTax through a friend's account. This year I upgraded to my own paid account, but my history of returns is still in my friend's account. Is there any way for me (and/or my friend) to port my previous history with TurboTax into my own account that I created to file my 2015 returns?Any help is greatly appreciated.Thanks!  

Sorry, in TurboTax Online there is no way to move information from one account to another.  


how do I get a support ticket number, I need to speak to a CPA from turbo tax, not someone who can simply help me navigate and understand the instructions, I've got that, c'mon people!  

Youll need to contact TurboTax Customer Support by using the info below.  Tell the Support rep what your issue is; the rep will have the ability to connect you to a credentialed expert.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


In process what's that mean and how long will it take has been that way for almost a month??  

The answer is the same as last time you asked. Only the IRS or State can tell you the reason for the delay.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3291638-my-return-is-in-process-status-what-has-to-be-done-i-m-con...  


After submitting my tax return, I discovered two more W-2's that I missed. Can I make an amendment before the returns are accepted?I see that I can AFTER, but not before.Any help would be great,Thank you.  

If your return is rejected, you can fix it and resubmit.  


I have already filed my taxes but need to go back in and put in my 1095-A information. I can't find where to go into my federal taxes/ health insurance. Please help.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 


My tenant vacated rental property in Jan 2016.  I spent $20k on renovations and never attempted to rent the property again.  Sold in May 2016.  What specific steps do I take to add this $20k to the basis of the rental property prior to the sale.  

federal taxes/ wages & income/Ill chose what Work on/rental and royalties/update  or start.continue through toyour rental summaryA.rental incomeB.expensesC.assets <---------<<<<< here click updateD. Vehicle ExpensesAt the property asset summary screen for your property; click the edit..Answer question to set up properly in the tax programX rental  real estate propertyX residential rental  real estateyou now have a 27.5 year property for the improvements The total sales price should be allocated among all the assets (land, rental property, improvements, etc.)[You will need to calculate the percentage cost of each asset to overall cost basis]Enter the date of sale (same as the rental property) for each asset or improvement. If you have already allocated 100% of the sales price, then enter zero [entering a zero triggers Turbotax calculation] for these remaining assets and improvements.TurboTax will automatically write off the remainder of the basis (cost minus depreciation). You dont have to manually do that.  


I was never audited or contacted by the state or the irs  

Forget about it. It is too far in the past.  


Where would I look  to see a numerical error?  

The most likely error is typing a comma instead of a decimal point, or adding extra zeroes. Carefully work your way through Deductions and Credits.  


I do not need the online access since I had already purchased the 2015 Turbo CD version - my preference, as I did not like the 2014 online version.  

If you purchased a 2015 desktop product, and if you are needing to unlock a prior-year online return, youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support and inform them of your purchase and ask them to unlock the return.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Im just wondering if I purchase the CD / desktop version (either CD or download version) this year for filing my 2015 return, will I be able to use it again next year for my 2016 return? and then for 2017?Or will I have to purchase it again next year?  

Each tax year requires its own program so you will have to buy a new program every tax year.  


\n\nI received a 1099-R in 2014 and the code in Box 7 was\n8-Return of contribution taxable in 2014 but the amount received was not picked\nup by TurboTax as part of my taxable income. \nI received a letter from the IRS stating the shortfall and now have to pay\nthe tax balance plus interest.  Why did\nTurboTax not include that in my Taxable Income on line 43?\n\n  

Did you enter the 1099-R on your 2014 tax return?   A code 8 return of contribution is not taxable unless there was earnings on the contribution which would have been reported in box 2a on the 1099-R which would have been added to the 1040 line 7 amount or line 15b depending on the type of account.  If an IRA then it should be on line 15b.Usually the earnings on a contribution returned in the same tax year are rather small and result in very little tax.If you failed to enter the 1099-R at all, then the IRS might be assuming that the entire box 1 amount is taxable.  


A la page Cotisation a lassurance-mdicamentsLe deuxime choix indique auquel VOUS, votre conjoint, votre pre ou votre mre avait adhr.    Le VOUS ne devrait pas tre la.  Il nest pas dans le texte de lannexe K - voir image en piece-jointe.  

You dont have enough income to owe any tax. Your standard deduction and your own personal exemption get your taxable income to zero. Assuming youre filing head of Household, your standard deduction, alone, gets you to zero. The dependent  exemptions are going to waste.   You get no credits because you have no calculated tax to credit against Alimony is taxable, but child support is not. Alimony is not considered earned income. The money from refundable credits is calculated on earned income. Without any earned income, you dont get any of that child related money.The ex should be claiming the kids.  


I am a small independent designer. I was hired to design large banners. I covered the $4,500 printing/mailing cost and then charged my client along with my hourly design fee. Where should the printing/mailing expense be accounted for? I first thought it should be recorded as a sub-contractor, but the printer is a Staples like outfit.  

It doesnt. IRS considers that a loan to the client, which is not tax deductible. And when the client pays you for it, that is repayment of a loan which is not included in gross income.  


I suspect I may get some money back but regardless of that, I want it corrected.  Problem is my hard drive containing the 2014 return crashed & I can't retrieve the info on it. I do have the copy that I printed when I filed the return.  I have all of my documentation from 2014 & 2015.  How do I amend my 2014 return (federal & state)?  

you will have to prepare a revised 1040 with the new or corrected information.Then use Form 1040X to submit the changes (old vs. new).Do not include your old 1040 nor your revised 1040 because the Form 1040X reflects any changes there and becomes your new tax return.Include any new document only if it shows tax withheld, and include any other Sequence Numbered tax forms that changed due to your amendment. Attachment Sequence Number is on all the forms that come after 1040.  


I have been using turbo tax since 1998 but can't find my documents.  Is there a way to get electronic copies of 2013 and 2014?  

You probably have another account.  Or did you use the Desktop CD/Download program?  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


I  am trying to open Business 2105, I can no longer open any files, so I uninstalled it a reinstalled is still nothing but now I do not have the state download either.  

Please contact TurboTax Customer Support for assistance during business hours using the info below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed my taxes on the 18th and also an extension i knew i would get a w-2 after the dead line. how do i start doing this one? do i just start all over?  

No, you dont start all over. You have to file an amended return to add the new W-2 to the tax return that you already filed. Go to the following link for instructions to amend a 2015 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineAn amended return has to be filed on a special form, Form 1040X. It cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.Dont file the amended return until your first return has been accepted and the original refund has been paid or the payment has been deducted from your bank account.If you filed a state tax return, you will have to amend that as well.  


I filed my taxes through TurboTax on April 15,2016 and I owe some money for federal and state taxes. But nothing is deducted from my bank account.  

your bank information may have been incorrect.Also, some states do not accept direct debit info for payment  


I try the instructions that are on the site, but they do not coincide with the actual site, there is no print center for me to click on.  

Yeah there is however you have to break into the  return to see it ...Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return and you can get to the Print Center in the My Account drop down menu.  


YOU WILL TAKE CARE OF THIS AND PAY THE PENALTY!?!?!  

You will need to call customer support. The first step is to determine what happened.  turbotax will not pay any tax owed but may pay penalties and interest if turbotax made the mistake.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\nAccuracy guaranteehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202723 


The program keeps directing me to the 2125 form but I do not own my own business I work for an investment firm as an employee that is paid by commission?  How do I get rid of this form?  

Its not a lie. Free refers to federal only. As the product info says, state is additional. And it does not matter if you print or e-file when using TT Online. Its the same price either way.  


I have already printed 2015 I just need 2014 returns  

It appears that youve used the Free Edition for filing for 2015.  If you also used the Free Edition in 2014, youll need to make some type of payment for a TT product in order to access your 2014 return.  The Free Edition does not include the feature of ongoing access to your prior years returns.  See the instructions below for accessing a PDF file of your 2014 return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525  


During the 'filing' stage, after it asks for additional verification information, I click and get a 'blank' box and can go no farther. The box is white, empty, and immediately next to my Fed Refund and State Refund amounts. I have closed and reopened, but get stuck at this stage each time. I have to file Federal via paper mail and State can go efile. But when I try to do anything, I get this screen.  

See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2860007-blank-screen-when-selecting-transmit-now-button-in-turbota...  


most of her income came in the last quarter of 2015 after her death,  there was no need to pay an estimated tax in earlier quarters.  

Assuming youve got your facts right, then you need to work through the Underpayment penalties interview. On the page titled Annualized Income Method answer Yes to the question.  The resulting interview will let you schedule out the income flow over the year.  That will minimize or even eliminate the calculation of the underpayment penalty for the first 3 quarters of the year.Tom Young  


I followed the instructions and cannot access my 2014 returns  

To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I filed my returns for 2015 but my state sent me a letter that my tax numbers were wrong.  instead of getting a refund, I owe the state more money.  I want to check the values I entered for state tax withheld by employer in turbotax, but I cannot find those numbers anywhere. All i have is the copy of the 1040 that lists the total tax withheld. I wanted a breakdown of each employer and the numbers so i know which is wrong.  

Save/print a copy of the return with all the worksheets if you want to see the breakdown.        To save the return\nas filed only as a PFD or .Taxfile :\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nTo save the Return\nas filed with all the worksheets:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2919215-how-do-i-get-my-2014-return-with-all-schedule-copies\n\nOnce the PDF has\nbeen downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF\ncompatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\n  


Can't find my refund on wrm  

If your tax return is not listed on the IRS wheres my refund site, then you may have never actually filed. Check here.   If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You may need to contact customer support to find the status of your returns. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\n  


I just received a voice message in my cell phone from the IRS telling me they are filing a lawsuit against me ,,, can you please help me to understand what is going on?  

Issue Number:    IR-2016-62Inside This IssueIRS Warns of Continued Scams, Varied Tactics as the Tax Deadline NearsWASHINGTON  The Internal Revenue Service today issued a warning that scammers may try using the April 18 tax deadline to prey on hard-working taxpayers by impersonating the IRS and others with fake phone calls and emails. Even after the tax deadline passes, taxpayers should know the telltale signs of a scam and tips to protect themselves from a variety of phone scams and phishing emails.Weve seen continuing activity in these scams throughout the filing season, said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. As the tax deadline nears, these criminals may try and trick honest taxpayers over the phone or via email, and people should remain vigilant. After the tax deadline, watch out for these scammers promising a refund or threatening you with an unexpected tax bill.These scam artists frequently masquerade as being from the IRS, a tax company and sometimes even a state revenue department. By email, they try enticing people to click on links on official-looking messages containing questions related to their tax refund. Report these emails to phishing@irs.gov. By phone, many scammers use threats to intimidate and bully people into paying a tax bill. They may even threaten to arrest, deport or revoke the drivers license of their victim if they dont get the money.Variations of these scams can be seen nationwide, and its more important than ever to be cautious with providing personal or financial information. As part of the effort to protect taxpayers, the IRS has teamed up with state revenue departments and the tax industry to make sure taxpayers understand the dangers to their personal and financial data as part of the Taxes. Security.Together campaign.  Some examples of the varied tactics seen this year are:Soliciting W-2 information from payroll and human resources professionals--IR-2016-34Verifying tax return information over the phone--IR-2016-40Pretending to be from the tax preparation industry--IR-2016-28There are some important reminders for taxpayers nationwide about these schemes:Watch Out for Threatening Phone CallsBeware of scammers making unsolicited calls claiming to be IRS officials. They demand that the victim pay a bogus tax bill. They con the victim into sending cash, usually through a prepaid debit card or wire transfer. They may also leave urgent callback requests through phone robo-calls, or via a phishing email.Scammers often alter caller ID numbers to make it look like the IRS or another agency is calling. The callers use IRS titles and fake badge numbers to appear legitimate. They may use the victims name, address and other personal information to make the call sound official.The IRS Will Never:Call to demand immediate payment over the phone, nor will the agency call about taxes owed without first having mailed you a bill.Threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law-enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.Demand that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe.Require you to use a specific payment method for your taxes, such as a prepaid debit card.Ask for credit or debit card numbers over the phone.If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS and asking for money and you dont owe taxes, heres what you should do:Do not give out any information. Hang up immediately.Contact TIGTA to report the call. Use their IRS Impersonation Scam Reporting web page or call 800-366-4484.Report it to the Federal Trade Commission. Use the FTC Complaint Assistant on FTC.gov. Please add IRS Telephone Scam in the notes.If you think you might owe taxes, call the IRS directly at 1-800-829-1040.Avoid e-mail phishing attemptsThere has been a surge in e-m  


I don't want to be charged for the second version, which I didn't receive.  

call turbo tax ask for a hard copy to be sent each time you place an order and they can resend a path also. no extra chg do it all the time. this way yo have a backup. had trouble this year with downloads first time.  


I put it in the search box and found a thing telling you how to get it but for some reason i still cant find it.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118  


I've been using turbo tax home and business and now I can't access anything  

Are you using Online TurboTax, as opposed to the desktop (CD/download) version?Im not sure what you mean by cant access, but Ill assume you mean you can log in to an onilne account, but dont find them in the 2015 Tax Timeline.  If thats not what you mean, then youll need to explain more.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I am waiting for more than a month now - I am sure it was my fault  

visit www.irs.gov and click on Wheres my refund to see where you stand.  


I need a breakdown so Ill know if its worth postponing the sale of my house for 6 or 7 more months until Ive lived in my home 2 years or more, which would mean I would owe $0 tax on the profit. I dont have exact numbers yet so I just want an idea of how much I would owe how to calculate it, which tax bracket Ill be in, what capital gains rate Ill pay by selling it within 2 years of moving in, etc. Thanks!  

If you are moving due to a recognized hardship, you may be able to take a partial gains exclusionthat would exclude 18/24ths (or 21/24ths if you sell in 3 months) of the gain.  If not, then all your gain is taxable at the long term cap gains rate of 15% in most cases.  If your gain is really $150K, thats about $22,500.  


I filed my 2015 income tax return through turbotax online around 10:30pm May 2nd. However, the confirmation message shows as it has been accepted on May 03, 2016. Isnt the deadline May 2nd midnight? and if not, would I get a penalty for filing it late?  

The deadline was April 18 (extended from the usual April 15 due to a Washington DC holiday.)The late penalty is a percent of what you owe, so if you get a refund, there is no penalty.  If you owe, the penalty for late filing is based on each month or part of a month so one day wont change it. 


I did my 2014 tax online and 2015 on a disc. how can i retrieve it from the disc? looks like everything got erased.  

If you filed your return using Turbotax installed on your computer, then your tax file is stored as a document on your hard drive, usually in the Documents folder and usually named firstname lastname 2015.tax2015.If you lost your files, turbotax does not have a copy.  When you file using the software on your computer, only you have copies and you are responsible for safekeeping, such as making backups.  If you dont have the file, you can request a transcript from the IRS showing what you filed https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


The form was recieved by the IRS on 2/19/2016, and I have been waiting patiently, but have been out of work for two months, I need answers fast!! Help me please  

The IRS says that form 8379 can take 14 weeks (3 1/2 months) to process, but because of budget cuts, could take even longer this year.  Heck they testified before Congress that they cannot even answer 60% of the phone calls that they receive due to lack of personal.   8379 forms must be manually processed and anything requiring manual processing will probably be delayed.  


I made total Fed. estimated taxes of $7709, but line 65 shows $8249, and I cant figure out why. The IRS adjusted my refund accordingly, but I cant get Turbotax to make the correction.  

I finally went to the form for est. taxes and found my error, so now my refund figure is correct. I had entered some payments at estimated that had already been entered as withheld when I entered the figures from a Form 1099-R  


Turbo Tax said I would be getting $6,163. I only received $3,932. Why?  

If IRS discovers an error or discrepancy, they will correct your return.  


Home purchased on contract in 2014. Down payment was borrowed from family member. Interest is paid with each monthly payment. Remaining lump sum is due at the end of 4 years. Since I didnt borrow money from the bank, what do I enter into Enter mortgage lender field?  

In order for you to take an interest deduction the note has to be secured by the property . The interest you deduct is taxable to the person receiving the interest. You should use that persons name as the mortgage holder.  


I think there is some confusion about my pension from the Union , methinks it was calculated twice!  

Refer to your actual final form 1040 for the amount of income you will be reporting to the IRS.  


Where can I download my tax return for 2011. Thank you  

You should be able to get a copy of your return filed using TurboTax online by following the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525  


I went through the Fed return twice and kept coming up with an error in Form 2106. I deleted one of the sessions and started over, but got the same error. So I decided to print my returns out and send Fed and State in. However, I then learn that NY State only accepts efiled returns, and that return CAN'T be filed until the Fed return is ELECTRONICALLY FILED. Am I missing something?  

option is go directly to NYS https://www.tax.ny.gov/online/ You can then copy the numbers from the TT file and input them.OR:Just write a note on the return that the state return could not be filed online as there were issues with electronic filing for the federal return and for security purposes the state return could not be filed electronically with the software...  


Own student loan debt do I get taxes back?  

If the unpaid student loan debt has been reported to the IRS it will offset any refund due you.  


I want to add how much I made working for myself  

So you have self employment income?First of all, for Online versions you will need to use Home & Business.  But you might be able to use a lower version.   If you buy the Desktop CD or Download Software any version will handle it but you will get more help in Home & Business.You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.For the Online Deluxe and Premier (you can't use Free)...........You start out by filling out a 1099Misc even if you didn't get one.Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then under 1099Misc and Other Common IncomeIncome from form 1099-MISCThen to enter cash income, use this answer for the work around on how to enter cash income into Online Deluxe or Premierhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3021638-i-did-contract-labor-for-a-co-they-didn-t-send-me-a-1099  


I'm a long-time Turbotax customer but I can no longer access my past returns.  

If you used TT Online, sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.If you used TT Desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 


I paid 30 usd for that transaction  

The two types of refunds (Federal and state) do not arrive together, except in the less common situation when they happen to arrive the same day by chance.  They come from 2 entirely different tax agencies, and each one has its own processing time, and each one can independently encounter delays.Heres how you can check on your state refund:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


Could it be harder to reach you?  I guess we'll see.  

If you want to contact TurboTAX support it wont happen through this forum.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact  


I need it soon  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I finished my 2015 return on March 20 and thought I had e-filed. The fee to e-file my Indiana state return was immediately deducted from my checking account as well as the amount I owed for state taxes.  When I discovered on May 2 that I had not received my federal refund, I began checking and somehow my e-file on March 20 never took place.  If I proceed with e-file now, how do I avoid penalties for late filing and paying state taxes twice?  

Check and see if you Federal return was rejected..  There is no penalty if you are getting a refund.  


How can I inter a 6 digit Pin in the space that Turbotax only allows 5 digits.  

It sounds like youre in the wrong section of TurboTax. What kind of PIN?    Do you have a 6-digit IP PIN (Identity Protection PIN) mailed by the IRS to certain victims of identity theft?  If so, that is not entered in the efiling PIN section; i.e., it is not entered in the FILE section--it is entered in a different section.   Ill tell you 2 different ways to navigate to the IP PIN section.To enter an IP PIN, the 6-digit Identity Protection PIN provided by the IRS to victims of ID theft:\n\nOpen your return (take me to my return) if not already open.\nWhen the return is open, click in the top right corner on the Search tab.\nEnter IP PIN without quotes.\n\nChoose Jump to IP PIN.\n\nOr heres another way:\nFederal Taxes tab\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll down to category Other Return Info.\n\nFind subtopic Identity Protection PIN.\n\n  


My daughter worked as a part-time intern while attending a full-time college last year. She made less than $5000 in 2015, and I had already claimed her as my dependent in my 2015 tax return. Little did I know that her company had deducted her paycheck for the Federal and State Income tax until recently. My questions are: (1) Can she still be able to file a federal and state income tax for 2015 to get the tax refund? (2) If she does, would it affect my 2015 tax filing status?  

Yes, she can (and should) file her own returns. Just make sure she indicates that someone else can claim her.  Your own return will not be impacted. Have her go here:www.taxfreedom.com 


Filed extension and never paid last year.  

Go to this IRS website for your payment options - https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


Why  

see here:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-New-Identity-Security-Changes-May-Affect-Taxpayers-for-2016  


Because of identify theft purposes, I had to mail in my copy of my return.  I now need a copy of the return.  I can't find it here.  

Heres how to get a copy of an online return after filing:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you dont find your online return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I would like to know how to get past years copies of the Turbo Tax cds.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


The penalty is $537.30. I owe the tax, but if TT had not erred I would not have the penalty. What do I have to do to make a claim for the penalty? I have attached 2013, 2014 and 2015 tax returns so you can check it out. Thanks, [name removed][attached files removed]  

As I warned above, do NOT post any tax files or other sensitive documents in this public community forum.You can talk to TurboTax free Audit Support Center, and let them advise you on what to do and how to submit your documents.  You can get a phone number by going to following page and click on the blue Get Help... link.  Answer a couple of questions, and the phone number will display.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/TurboTax does have an accurate calculations guarantee:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566201-what-is-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculation-guaranteeHow to submit a claim under the accurate calculations guarantee (but I would phone the Audit Support Center to discuss this with them first.)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...What documents are required:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901060-what-documents-do-i-need-to-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbo...Do not send any sensitive documents in regular email, and do not post documents to this public forum.One of the FAQ above on how to submit a claim has a tool for submitting documents.  Make sure you have a secure encrypted connection before uploading anything there. 


I filed on April 13th, I was just wondering if anyone else has received their refund for the state of IL since that date.  

http://www.revenue.state.il.us/individuals/RefundDelay.htm 


The Great State of Pennsylvania doesn't believe I am a resident of NJ. My employer is located in Pennsylvania. This is a real hassle. I don't like the games state Governments play.  

Send them proof that you lived in NJ in 2015: (1) NJ car registration; (2) NJ drivers license; (3) NJ voting registration; (4) NJ lease or home ownership proof, etc.In an earlier question, you asked about credit for taxes paid to another state.  NJ and PA have a reciprocal tax agreement, so your employer should only be withholding NJ taxes (unless you work in Philadelphia).  


How do I e-file a 2014 tax return? I used the Home & Business edition.  

A 2014 return cannot be efiled at this point in time.  Efiling for 2014 ended last October 2015.   To file a 2014 return now, it has to be printed and mailed. I used the Home & Business version.What does this mean?  That you have the 2014 CD/download product?   Or that you prepared an online return last year that you didnt ever file?  


Il  a un messge derreur et je ne pux envoyer ma decalration au RQ parce que le no NEQ ou License ou taxe nest pas bon ou puis je toruve le numro de license dun entrepreneur  

The 1099-SA is used to report distributions (not interest ) from a health savings account (HSA), Archer MSA, or Medicare Advantage (MA) MSA, and yes, you do need to file your return using it.  Even if it is not a taxable amount, it is still reportable.Here’s some detail:The government requires Form 8889 be filed with your tax return to report HSA activity. Both CONTRIBUTIONS made to your HSA (whether made by you, your employer, or both), and DISTRIBUTIONS (withdrawals/payments you made) from your HSA should appear here. TT creates this form based on your input during the interview process. DISTRIBUTIONS: If you used your HSA for purchases/payments/withdrawals during the year, that information is included in a 1099-SA where they are referred to as distributions. Normal distributions (such as using your HSA to pay for prescription medicine) will be Code 1 in Box 3. CONTRIBUTIONS: The HSA information that is included in W2 Box 12, Code W is for employer contributions to that HSA. If you made additional contributions (deposits) on your own, those too should be reported, under Other Contributions in the TT interview process. **NOTE: The amount in Box 12 W is the amount contributed to your HSA account on behalf of your employer. It can be confusing because most employees think of this as “their” contributions to the HSA, but in fact, the government sees it as contributions made by the employer. The idea is that the employee has elected to receive a lesser salary in exchange for the employer making an equal contribution to the HSA (thus you get the equivalent of a pre-tax benefit.) It is permissible for employees to make their own contributions outside of payroll deductions, but in both instances it should be noted that there are strict guidelines to maximums allowed, tax free, or you may incur excess contributions.**I hope you find this helpful!  


I can print my State, but not Federal.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


A refund due of $4,987 shows during filing but the return submitted shows I owe $632 on form 1040-ES payment voucher.  Please explain  

The 1040ES are for next year. The 1040ES quarterly estimated tax payments DO NOT get sent to the IRS or state with your return. They are optional to pay. Turbo Tax is very conservative and doesn't want you to owe too much next year. They might have printed out if you got a one time large income this year. Like if you took a IRA or 401K distribution. You can ignore them. You might want to adjust your withholding at work so you won't owe too much next year. If you are receiving a refund or low tax due and TurboTax prepared the vouchers then your tax liability was probably reduced by credits. Your Tax Liability is the amount on 1040 line 44.  It is the tax you owe on your income.  But you might qualify for credits that can reduce your tax due or even give you a refund.  Credits are on lines 47-55.  


I received a CP3219A from the IRS. After submitting additional documents, I have now received a CP2000 for the same year with an amount due that is less than what was on the CP3219A. There was also a note on the CP2000 reminding me that the deadline to file a petition has not been extended, meaning if I still intended to file I must do so by the previously stated deadline. I still dont agree with the new amount due proposed on the more recent CP2000 and already responded to that notice with supporting documents. Now, I am not sure if I should still file the petition since after responding to the CP3219A notice, the IRS sent me a CP2000. Any input is greatly appreciated.  

If you want to maximally preserve your options, file a Tax Court petition before the due date.  Although you may resolve the issue with the IRS before things get much further, this does guarantee an automatic review by the IRS Appeals office.  


I went to "My Docs" and it doesn't list anything there, I thought there would be a way to print the Maryland state income tax return. I need to send it to Virginia so they'll give me my refund.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.  


My husband was a 5% partner in my B&B business, but the T4A is related to income from his consulting business  It shows up in a lighter font at the bottom of my Income and Expense statement for the B&B business.  

No, in this case you must include Form 8621 with your tax return. When and Where To FileAttach Form 8621 to the shareholders tax return (or, if applicable, partnership or exempt organization return) and file both by the due date, including extensions, of the return at the Internal Revenue Service Center where the tax return is required to be filed.If you are not required to file an income tax return or other return for the tax year, file Form 8621 directly with the Internal Revenue Service Center, Ogden, UT 84201-0201. I hope this helps!  


I cant tell if it has it accepted my amended return it just says in progress after i finish it?  

You cannot e-file an amended return.  It has to be printed, signed and mailed.  You will not see anything on TurboTax regarding the acceptance of your amended return.After you print, sign and mail your amended return1040X to the IRS wait about 3 weeks and then you can begin checking on it at the IRS website.  Be aware that it can take at least 2-3 months for an amended return to be fully processed (or sometimes even longer.)\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


Hello, I need a copy of my Federal Tax return and I cannot located it online, only the State return seems to be posted. How can I get a copy??  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I'm trying to do my 2012 filing. Is there an active Turbo Tax program available for that?  

A prior year return cannot be filed Online, the Online version is only to prepare the current year tax return.  To prepare a prior year return with TurboTax you need the Desktop version.  A prior year return must be mailed.  You can purchase the 2012 Desktop software from TurboTax at the following websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2012/-------------------------------------------If you are due a refund for 2012, it is too late to collect it. Your return would have to be filed by April 15, 2016 to receive a refund.To claim a refund, a return must be filed\nwithin 3 years after the due date (or if you filed your\nreturn under an extension of time to file, 3 years after the date you filed\nyour return) or within 2 years after the date you paid the tax, whichever is\nlater. 


I am attempting to retrieve a W-2 from 2012 to verify my employment at that time. I am trying to work with the IRS, but it is becoming an exhausting and hopeless effort. I am attempting different avenues now. Please let me know if TurboTax can help. Thanks  

An IRS transcript is going to be your best bet for this:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them  


I received a corrected W-2 with the HSA employer contribution double the amount that was on the documents I used to file my return.  The letter said that this wouldnt affect my return, as it was just for reporting purposes and not related to deductions. Should i got through the trouble of filing an amended return for this change?  

There is no need to file an amended return if it does not change the refund amount or amount due from the original return.  


cancel my request  

Only you can clear the started mock return if you like or you can just abandon the return and it will be purged automatically in October. 1.     While in your TurboTax Online program (after\nclicking Continue your return)\nSelect My Account, then click on Clear & start over.\n\n2.     On the Are you sure you want to clear your return? pop up screen, if you are sure about clearing all your entries and starting\nover, click Yes. \nThen a new screen confirms you have cleared your entries, click Continue.3.     Then just stop and log out. 


Does Virginia have a delay with their ACH program?  

When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the nextbusiness day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n  


Received notice from NC Dept of Revenue advising that they are examining our 2013,2014 and 2015 returns, but Federal is not. Notice advised us that if we don't provide necessary documents, they will amend our federal taxable income for all 3 of those years. Can they do that?  

Yes, they can.  And if they do, they will probably pass that information on to the IRS.  


I also want to track my federal tax refund and my state tax refund  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 


I have a client that wants to pay off my student loans for me in exchange for service. I know I will still have to receive a 1099 from that client for the monies paid, but is this something that can be done?  

Yes, but there would appear to  be no tax reason for doing so. Theres no difference in paying you cash and you paying off your own debt than issuing you a 1099-Misc for the same amount.  


How can I talk with someone about case number 418708719?  I have been questioned by the IRS about our 2014 tax return.  I cannot access the worksheets for that return since Turbotax has required IDs and passwords.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Refund was accepted but then status bar went away after 2 months they ask on the web site when did I file and How. Shouldn't they know  

If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


I get this error when I try to netfile my return. The rest of the message suggests that I have an invalid date format in one of my financial statements.  I have reviewed my data and all date formats are controlled by Turbo Tax.  It all looks good.  

Use this TurboTax Canada website for assistance with your Canadian tax return - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


My Taxes keep getting rejected due to my husbands e-filing pin/AGI. I called IRS to get e-filing pin but they stated he did not require a pin to e-file and to just enter 0 for his AGI. I did this and it is still being rejected. What do I do?  

All you can do is mail in the return if the efile will not cooperate.  


TurboTax is requiring me to upgrade to Home and Business even though I saw where it should not be a requirement if you only have income to report.  

You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.For the Online Deluxe and Premier (you can't use Free)...........You start out by filling out a 1099Misc even if you didn't get one.Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then under 1099Misc and Other Common IncomeIncome from form 1099-MISCThen to enter cash income, use this answer for the work around on how to enter cash income into Online Deluxe or Premierhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3021638-i-did-contract-labor-for-a-co-they-didn-t-send-me-a-1099  


I took a 401K distribution Feb 2015 for real estate transaction that fell through.  Was able to roll over the cash from the distribution within 30 days to new IRA.  However, I mistakenly had 401K provider take out Fed and State Taxes.  Thus, the cash placed in new IRA was short by amount of Taxes paid.Since those taxes could not be recovered now, and the actual rollover amount submitted by IRA provide excludes the taxes, how do I recover them at time of tax reporting?I did submit the partial rollover, but of course that shows a significant remainder of taxes paid that are not being returned to me.  

Unfortunately, the amount that was withheld is considered to be a distribution to you, and thus taxable itself.So, if the gross amount was $100,000 but only $75,000 was rolled over, the difference of $25,000 is taxable.  


help  

Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


i lost my return and do not know the amount of returni need help in getting this information  

All your information is on your tax return ... save/print one now ... \nIf\nyou have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted,\nwhen you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print\nreturn (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets\n\n 


When I amended it calculated the same way and did not update to include the marketplace insurance that I have in which I am supposed to send back the completed form 8962 and a newly computed page of the transferred amount from from 8962. None of the help examples have helped and I'm at a loss as to what to do.  

If this is in response to the IRS\nletter you didnt really need to amend the return as much as just correct the\none you filed by adding the missing 1095-A info and printing off the forms\nneeded.  If you already completed the amendment process then all you have\nto do is print off a new copy of the corrected form 1040 ( NOT the 1040X) to\nsend with the 8962 & 1095-A per the IRS instructions. \n\nFor those who want to undo the\namendment process and use the directions listed below instead ... \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online \n\nFor those who have not started the\nunneeded amendment process .... \n\n\n\nLog back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n  


Loaded TurboTax 2015 on another computer and after moving saved tax file to it when I load it there is no data that shows up.  

If your file  has a State return attached, you will need the state program on you computer. 


TurboTax is requiring me to upgrade. However, I saw on here that I should not be required to upgrade since I don't have expenses.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5108144  


My ex wife who has no custody filed a tax return using TT and listed our son as a non qualifying dependent. TT kept rejecting my return as a result. Now we both have our refunds back. Should I amend my return and  claim my son as a qualifying dependent?  

Yes. If you have custody, IRS will resolve in your favor.  


I probably need to amend quickly.  

While in your TT account, open your Federal return, and review the entries in Wages and Income.  


I bought 2015 Turbo Tax for PC but have now moved to a MAC so the software will not work on my new computer  

If you did not backup PC files regularly, or save the hard drive from your PC, you are out of luck; that is the only copy. Youll have to reconstruct the tax return from your records.  


Please add Interactive Brokers so we can import trades from that broker institution.  

You should report this to TurboTAX Support. Only when sufficient numbers have complained will they think about fixing the issue.You can also ask your broker why they dont support TurboTAX.  


it is a monthly payment and their tuition will be paid for by the time they are ready for school... for Florida schools only... the great part is the cost of schools will be the same as when we started the plans it will not go up in prices... myfloridaprepaid.com  

The amount you put in is not tax deductible, but earnings are tax-free when used for qualified higher education expenses. 


The version is close to $20 per return online. Not sure which version that is. I needed to file to avoid a penalty and I could not get past TurboTaxs step to pay when I do not have that as an option right now.  

If you had Federal taxes owed you would have been shown the different options on how to pay.  One of those options was "installment payment plan".  Why did you not select that option? 


I'm trying to import my 1099 info into Turbotax Deluxe 2014, but it keeps trying to import the 2015 data instead.  Help?  

Most import partners take down the 2014 info when they post 2015, so youll have to kewy it in yourself. 


How do I print my prior year 2014 IRS return?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have been asked by IRS to provide Schedule 8812.  

Please review the answer.  Let me know if you went through the full interview and identified it as an ITIN and you were required to file an 8812 after reading this.   If if answers your question, please mark as helpful, otherwise post a comment and I will follow up with you. Normally it wasnt needed or its data entry errors. The IRS actually notifies people who they feel may be eligible who didnt complete  the section of the interview. You may have just skipped it. https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/What-is-the-IRS-Form-8812-/INF14819.htmlSchedule 8812 (Child Tax Credit) is generated if:\nA child thats being claimed under the Child Tax Credit has an ITIN instead of a Social Security number, or\nYoure getting the Additional Child Tax Credit.\nOtherwise, if youre claiming the Child Tax Credit and these 2 conditions dont apply, you dont need a Schedule 8812.Entering your Child Tax Credit information in TurboTax\n\nIf youve already gone through the step-by-step interview and want to\n jump directly to the entry screen for this topic, follow these \n directions.\n\nSelect Federal Taxes (Personal in the Home & Business edition).\n In Online TurboTax, click the bars at the upper left corner to show Federal Taxes on the selection list; enlarge the screen if needed to show the left side selection list.\nSelect Deductions & Credits, and on a following screen, click Ill choose what I work on.\n\nScroll down the Your Deductions & Credits screen to the You and Your Family group.\nClick on Start/Update next to the Child Tax Credit topic.\nFollow the prompts.\n\nIf \n you are eligible for and receive the \n credit, you can view the form in the PDF of your \n return. The child tax credit will be on Line 51 of your Form 1040 and the\n additional child tax credit on Line 65, if any or both apply. If you have a \n Form 1040A instead of Form 1040, the child tax credit will be on Line 33 and the additional \n child tax credit on Line 39.You may receive notification that you are ineligible for the child tax credit. If you still think you should be eligible, please go to this IRS link: http://www.irs.gov/uac/Am-I-Eligible-for-the-Child-Tax-Credit%3F\n to help determine your eligibility. Click begin (in small blue \n lettering on the page) and answer the questions. It will help you \n determine whether you do or do not qualify. You can also refer to this IRS \n publication: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p972.pdf I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any additional questions.  


I have not received my refund and just found that a number was left off the end of my account number on the return. How do I retrieve the refund?  

Once the refund is issued and rejected by the bank, the IRS will mail you a check. 


I need to get copy of my 2012 us tax return  

If you used TT Online, sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.If you used TT Desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


I need the correct return asap.  

Sorry, I misunderstood. Denied usually means the IRS processed your return, but disallowed something on it. Rejected means it never got into the processing pipeline.Could you have done the second return with a different TT account?  


I was told I couldn't deduct regular bluecross bluesheild health insurance because its through farm bureau instead of obamacare.  

If you are self-employed, and have purchased an insurance policy under your name or the name of your business, you may indeed deduct your health insurance premiums.  They are not deductible directly as a business expense, but can reduce your taxable income - they go on Line 29 of Form 1040, and can only be deducted up to (your net business income minus 1/2 of self-employment tax - contributions to a self-employed retirement plan). 


I did not see it on my return  

The $4000 exemption (tax break) per person listed on the tax return isnt a refunded amount, its a deduction from income.  It reduces your income by $4000 per person, reducing your taxable income.  It doesnt get refunded to you.  


la somme de pension fdral dans le formulaires T4A (OAS) ne sinscrit pas au provincial de qubec.  

If you have a federal refund, you can choose to have the fee for TT taken out of your refund, but that will cost you an extra $30.  


I owed about $15,000 in taxes this year which I paid on time (and included a penalty of $255). Yesterday, I got a small check from IRS saying "refund" for ~ $150. How can I find out what that is from?  

Call IRS 1-800-829-1040  


do i put zero on line 2 W-4P & $890 on line 3?  

No. Put 10 on line 2, and $890 on line 3.and also remember your state taxes.  


We have a S-corp with about $300K in Revenue.  I think Business is the best (only) option, but I want to make sure the $250K isnt a limit.  

Ive used TurboTax Business for our C-Corp return for MANY years. Weve had returns with over $900K with no problem. If you look at the formatting of the return it seem to be able to handle millions. I dont see any reason why anyone would suggest a $250K cap. That said, the larger the company the more potential complications come with filing your own taxes. However Ive found it very rewarding (personally and monetarily) to learn the laws surrounding my business so I can continue to file using TurboTax. Once you understand your accounting, inventory, COGS, etc. methods, things dont usually change year to year. Until you get over $2million or so and have to use accrual accounting, everything you learn now should apply from year to year with small additional situations arising now and then. 


NJ tax return freezes. Why?  

Thats really hard for any of us to know.First, if you have just started up the software for the first time, you should start a NEW dummy file, with n minimal information in it, and make sure that the NJ package is downloaded.....and all software updated again......all before opening any older tax file......only then should you open an older tax file.__________________________________Otherwise......to Call Customer Support and talk to a support TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Im in a job where my employer is not required to withhold social security since I will receive a federal pension instead of social security once I retire. The amount from my W2 line 12A is included as taxable on my 1040A line 62.  

No, uncollected SS payment is not taxed, it is uncollected. And if it is uncollected, IRS will collect it from you on your Form 1040. 


Is anyone else seeing a major delay in returns from Mass.?  

Contact the Massachusetts Department of Revenue for information on your tax return.  Use this MA website for contact information - http://www.mass.gov/dor/utility/feedback-submit-questions-comments-and.html  


Is it possible to merge, join, transfer information to combine everything into one account?  

Unfortunately no.  TurboTax accounts cannot be merged together.See this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-havePlease note that we are unable to merge multiple accounts at this time. 


Return accepted, refund not yet processed.  

Using the desktop editions, click on Forms.When in Forms mode, if the Federal Information Worksheet is not already opened, click on Info Wks on the left side of the screen to open.  Scroll down the worksheet to Part V.  The Direct Deposit Yes check box should be marked.  The name of the financial institution along with the routing and account numbers will be shown for direct deposit.  


dont think i needed deluxe  

Turbotax Online (using a web browser) is a completely different product than Turbotax installed on your computer.  They are priced differently and have different capabilities.  It sounds as though you wanted to use the desktop version installed on your computer (which usually comes with a free state, although state e-filing is extra) and ended up using the online product, where you have to pay for each state, but the state includes e-filing in the price.  You will have to call customer service if you want to change the product you are using and apply one price to the other.More:The cheapest way to use Turbotax is to buy the CD or download from a discount retailer like Staples, Costco or Amazon, and install it on your computer.  If you buy Deluxe Federal + State + Efile edition, you can prepare as many returns as you want.  You can e-file up to 5 (IRS limit) and then print and mail the rest.  One free state is included.  State e-filing is $20 extra for each state return, but if you prefer cost over speed, you can print and mail your state return for free.  The desktop version also gives you full access to all forms and worksheets, including those that are hidden in the online version.  Deluxe (on the desktop only, not online) includes all the forms needed for investments and self-employment.  The Premier and Home & Business versions have more help and advice, but if you know what you are doing, you can use Deluxe at lower cost.  The only potential downside is that your tax file is not stored in Turbotaxs cloud.  This means that it is not hackable (good) but also means that you have the only copies.  If your computer crashes and you dont have a backup, your file is gone.Turbotax online is overpriced (in my opinion) and an inferior product.  There is only one seller so they control the price.  I only recommend online to people who qualify to file for free.\n\nIf your income is less than $31,000, you can file using the TaxFreedom edition, which includes complicated forms not normally included in the regular free version of Turbotax. The IRS requires it to be a separate web site, and you will have to make a new account and start over from scratch. https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/To contact customer support: \nCustomer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


I need to know asap  

\n\nTo purchase the software\nfrom the TurboTax website you must have a US credit card with a US billing\naddress.  What you can do, is go purchase a prepaid VISA\nthat is in U.S. dollars. You can do this at the embassy with no problem. Then\ngo online and register it to a valid U.S. mailing address. It can take up to a\nday for your actions to flow through the system before the prepaid\ncard will work.\n\nUse the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5pm Pacific\ntime (11am to 8pm Eastern time) Monday to Friday, after tax season.\n Submit your question/problem during\nbusiness hours and then\nuse the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak\ndirectly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be\navailable when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I have filed my taxes almost 3 months ago, and I haven't received anything at all. Is there something that I did wrong?  

Did you get back the 2 emails confirming the transmission and then accepting it?  Maybe it rejected or you didn't finish filing.  First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You can check your refund status at Where's My Refund. This is for your Federal Return.https://sa1.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


why can't i find my 2015 tax return when i log in to turbo tax  

You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\n\n\n\n\n 


Using Premier  

Your best bet is to call the IRS international number to explain itit is 267-941-1000 there open mom-fri 8am to 11pm  


Railroad retirement is reported on 2 forms to me a RRB 1099 and an RRB 1099-R can the latter be deposited in an IRA account and be considered a rollover if it is done within 60 days of receiving the monthly distribution?  

No it cannot. Regular distribution may not be rolled over. 


where can I find out how I elected to receive my refund  

Open your tax return and go to the File section.  


I downloaded deluxe for mac.  I can find the pdf but not the .tax file for next year import.  Where is it?  

Oh you need the .tax2014 file from online so you can transfer it into 2015 Desktop program?  Yes you need to pay for 2015 in the same online account.  But since you bought the Desktop program instead of using online again you can call and ask them to unlock it.  Although I think you can get the .tax2014 file downloaded without needing to unlock it.Here's how to transfer your 2014 Online return into your 2015 Desktop CD/Download  program.  There are 2 ways.  You need to have the .tax2014 file downloaded from online and saved to your computer.  See this for downloading the .tax2014 from Online,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you can't get or didn't save the .tax file to your computer before online was shut down Oct 15 or lost it,  there is a way to do it by starting your return in the Online version, transfer into that and then you can switch and continue in the desktop version and you won't have to pay for online.  Expand the 3rd section for Transferring an Online return in this FAQhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901506-transfer-last-year-s-return-into-turbotax-for-windows and then, https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-software  Then you should be able to save the .TAX2015 file to you computer without paying for it in the online version. Then just OPEN it in your desktop program to continue. Don't transfer or import it!  If you can't get the .tax2014 file from Online, call in and tell them you bought the 2015 CD this year.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


What do I put here Gross, Net, Gross with pre tax deductions backed out?  

Is this for healthcare subsidy. That excludes 401k contributions but the list of questions should show gross ,second question-pretax deductions. Put in gross and edit if the reduction for your 401k is not asked.http://thefinancebuff.com/stay-under-obamacare-premium-subsidy-cliff.htmlYour MAGI for the purpose of Obamacare is basically:\nyour gross income;\nminus pre-tax deductions from your paycheck (401k, FSA, )\nminus above-the-line deductions;\nplus tax-exempt muni bond interest;\nplus untaxed Social Security benefits\n 


it is having trouble validating my card  

Ohhhh...there can be a whole bunch of problems there.1) first, the Credit Card must be a US card with a US billing address.2) In many cases, the mailing address in your Personal Information  section must be the same as your billing address.3)  Then, something people forget to update.....your name, address  for your Account Settings and Profile (top of screen under MyAccount  ) should be the same as your name and address on the CCD and billing address..4) then try again....and if still problems:...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


My wife and I have already filed our 2015 tax return and received our refund. In doing so, we paid the healthcare penalty as my wife did not have health insurance. After filing the return, she filed for, and received, a hardship exemption. What do we need to do now in order to get back the penalty amount paid?  

Youll need to file an amended return.  Heres how:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot...  


I need a copy of my 2014 tax return under a different sign on  

You can use this link to try and recover an account: https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery  


Will not allow me to E-File because I cannot find the EIN of the employer I didn't receive a W2 from.  I'm trying to file form 4852.  

Was the employer foreign? If so, heres an answer that might help you: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2452744If the employer is domestic, you might be able to find it online: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2521409  


Can I look at my W2 on Turbotax after I have submitted my taxes?  

\n\nTurboTax does not\nhave copies of your W-2s, only the information you entered or had\nimported.  The TurboTax program has a W-2 Wage and Tax Statement (it gives\nall the information that was on your W-2); if you used the Desktop version you\ncan switch to Forms Mode and print the statement.  If you used the Online\nversion you would need to print (or save your return as a PDF) your return\nwith all the worksheets to see the\nW2 Wage and Tax Statement.\n\nYou can ask your\nemployer for another copy, or you can fill out Form 4506-T (Request for\nTranscript of Tax Return), check Line 8 Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098\nseries, or Form 5498 series transcript, and mail in the form. The IRS can\nprovide a transcript that includes data from these information returns.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf\n\nOr to order the\ntranscript online by mail:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Order-a-Transcript\n\n You can also get a\ncopy of your W-2s from the Social Security Administration, but there is a\ncharge of $38 per copy. Type copy of W-2 in the search box for\ninformation\nhttp://ssa-custhelp.ssa.gov/app/answers/detail/a_id/301  


i originally decided on going the card route. it was nondeliverable due to an adress error on someones part. to avoid this problem again i would like to switch to direct deposit.  

If your return has already been filed and accepted then you cannot change it.  You can contact NetSpend customer service at the following website:https://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml  


Hi,I cannot file my tax because I get this message that the form 1040 has zero values. I tries to skip it and have it filed my mail but it keeps taking me back to the same page with the same error.I am unemployed, so the income boxes on form 1040 should be zero, how can I put those values or what am I supposed to do?Thank you  

If you have no income at all, why are you filing a tax return? You may not have to file.If you do have to file, or you want to file even if youre not required to, you cannot e-file with zero income. Thats an IRS restriction, not a TurboTax restriction. You have two options. One is to print your tax return and file it by mail instead of e-filing. The other is to put in $1 of interest income just so that your income wont be zero. Then you will be able to e-file. You wont owe any tax on $1 of income.  


My federal and state taxes where both accepted. I don't understand why it's not in.  

If it has been processing for over 21 days, you can phone the IRS to see what you can learn about the delay.  Sometimes a return is pulled at random.  Sometimes additional documents are required, ID verification, etc., or they could be taking a closer look at certain credits, healthcare reporting issues, etc.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 


Would you all notify me if this was not successful? I just want to ensure I won't be penalized when this was scheduled through TurboTax.  

First, double-check your payment option (including routing # and account #) by reviewing your state filing instructions page.  Follow the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4196540If your information is all correct, see the information below on how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924 


Taxpayer is owed $5,167/month for 36 months in alimony payments. Taxpayer purchases the ex-spouse's real property with $20,000 cash, $150,000 pay off of the ex-spouse's debt on the property and forgiveness of the 36 months of alimony payments. One way to calculate the value of the forgiven alimony to the taxpayer (not the ex-spouse responsible for making the payments) is $5,167 x 36 = $186,012.  Another way is the present value of those payments, using a discount rate (maybe the May 2016 Applicable Federal Mid-Term Monthly Rate of 1.42%). My guess on the latter calculation (N=36; I=1.42%; PMT=$5,167) is $144,836. Two questions:  1) What is the value of the debt forgiveness?  2) What is the tax basis in the purchased real property?  

2)  = $170,000 +  1)It depends on the calculation method you choose for 1).  


I believe that I would save about $1,500 with the child care credit. But if I could deduct all nanny expenses (about $7,000) that I would save more as I am a 1099 employee and pay I think 30% in taxes.  That means if I can deduct the child care I would save about $1,800.  

Child care expenses are not a business expense for a self-employed person or for an employee.  They are only eligible for the child and dependent care credit.  


I filed form 4868. After compiling my info, it turns out my income is below the filing requirements.Do I now need to file a 1040?  

You shouldn't have to file, but I would ask an expert just to be sure. 


I have filed with Turbo tax the last few years including for an investment property.  Is there a place I can see the current value of the property after depreciation?  If I were to sell in 2016 I would like to calculate what my potential gain/loss would be. Thank you  

Turbo Tax does not keep track of your investment property original cost or any depreciation but rather the gain or loss on the sale or disposition only. The original cost and any depreciation taken is usually maintained by the taxpayer or tax preparer.  


My federal refund wasn't fully put into my bank account  

As Lisa995 asked above, did you choose to have your TurboTax fees paid out of your Federal refund?  i.e, did you use the refund processing service?    If so, that can decrease the amount of your refund. Also remember that the refund processing service has an additional 34.99 service fee in addition to your TurboTax product fees (39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Service.)If the IRS decreased your Federal refund, you should get a postal letter from them in 2-3 weeks or so explaining why your Federal refund is less than what you filed.  The letter should also tell you steps you can take if you disagree with their decision, including a contact number for you to phone them if desired.  The following help article will tell you a bit more about possible causes, how to check for any offsets, etc.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894477-why-did-my-federal-tax-refund-decrease-after-i-filedThe IRS has said:Examples that could decrease your refund include math errors, mistakes, delinquent federal taxes, state taxes, child support, student loans, or other delinquent federal nontax obligations, or if the earned income tax credit (EITC) portion of your refund is withheld pending further review.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriIf an offset is involved, heres more info on the Treasurys offset program:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2539782-what-is-a-refund-offsetTreasury Offset Program phone: 800-304-3107Offset Call Center hours are 7:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. (Central Time). 


I never waited this long for a state refund I just wonder what's going on  

Use this TurboTax support FAQ and click on your state for the status of the state tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


I'm concerned have the form 1095-A but the form 8962 seem's off?? can someone help me?  

https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8962.pdf  


I resided in DC until October, then switched to VA.  I can seem to claim my DC taxes on my VA return, nor vice versa, so I keep getting an error message on my VA return not allowing me to proceed.  It says DC is not a valid state on the Schedule OSC...I should claim the tax on my DC non-resident return???  

Ohhh...theres hundered ways to mess that up...1)  First...DC and VA are reciprocal tax states....so you dont get to take a credit in VA for taxes paid to DC...and vice-versa.2)  Whether your job was in DC, or your job was in VA.....when you moved, your employer stopped withholding DC taxes and started withholding VA taxes.  Thus, your W-2 shows your DC and VA wages separately.  So when you do the part-year DC and Part-Year VA tax returns, you are only entering DC-only wages and income in the DC tax return, and VA-only wages and income on the VA tax return.  So there is no need to take a tax credit on either state tax return for taxes paid to another state.example:  You Received $60,000 of total wages in 2015, and the W-2 shows that divided up as 40,000 of DC wages on the DC line and $20,000 of wages in the VA line.  Those $$ and respective withholding for each state transfer to each part-year tax return.   ALL you have to do is to allocate all other $$ received (interest, dividends, capital gains) according to where you lived at the time you received the $$ during the Q&A for each part-year tax return...and it should all work out OK...but you cannot take a credit for taxes paid to another state.BUT MAYBE3)  You didnt inform the employer of your move?   thats an Oh No ! situation....its possible to work it out, but it might take a few weeks of someones time to sort if out....and you might be better off going to a professional for the 2015 taxes because that is seriously messed up.Example...You worked in DC for the whole year and only DC taxes were withheld????  Sorry...VA doesnt allow the credit.  VA expects you to file a DC part-year tax return claiming (in my example) only $40,000 of that $60,000 as DC income on the DC part-year tax return and get a refund from DC for any excess DC taxes withheld.....and then pay VA for the $20,000 of pay you received after you moved to VA.4)   Or the same thing as #3 if you worked in VA for the whole year...but only had DC taxes withheld.  


Intuit does not show my buying TT 2013 & 2015. I upgraded to Windows 10 and now TT 2013 & 2015 do not work.I purchased online like I do with Quicken. It shows all Quicken purchases but not Turbo Tax. WHY?  

trying going t the previous version of TT 2012 or 2013 log in and the new version may come up also, what search engine are you using, Google chrome or internet explorer, because of my income just go to the email turbo tax sent and they offer some additional services for purchase.  if you purchased it called turbo tax directly report your problem with your purchase and maybe they will do a screen share and see what the problem and download it for you, if that does work ask for a refund, sometimes the search engine creates a problem, I used Chrome an have not had a problem hope it works  


I filed her return and need a copy.  Her  

Did you use the Online version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's some other links that might helpSee Why Can't I find my Online Account?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return You have to log in with the exact same user name and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have Or check here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password  


I have even reinstalled the original Turbotax from the disk and it still crashes  

Try reinstalling TurboxTax on a different PC. After the installation process, install all updates. Then open your tax file on the 2nd PC and prepare your amended return.  


I filed my taxes using turbotax. I selected that someone (my mom) can claim me as their dependent. I need to change this, as I do not want either of my parents claiming me on their taxes. How do I go about amending my taxes? My return has been processed and I've just recieved my refund. If I amend my taxes does the IRS give me the added difference of my returns? (*with my mother claiming me I get around $300 back, without her claiming me I'll receive close to $800, does the IRS give me that $500 difference? Will I be fined or anything like that? Am I allowed to spend the return money that I recieved before I amend my taxes?) I know this is alot of questions, I just don't want to get caught up in any tax disputes with the IRS if I amend my taxes so that she can't claim me and I've already received the $300 refund.* My mom has tried claiming but was not accepted so I know she cannot do so, I just want my full return.  

Yes you can amend your return by filing form 1041.  Yes you will get the difference.  Yes you can spend your current refund.  I question why your mom did not claim you to begin with.  I would have your Mom call IRS and ask why you could not be claimed by her.  In the past I have seen an incorrect social security number of a dependent be a cause for disapproval.  Another reason is that some one else may have claimed you or your social security number. Good Luck. 


I have completed my taxes and received my refund.  But in getting organized I found a 1099-misc form that I did not include on my tax form.  How can I amend this?  

I would contact the IRS and ask. Is the amount on the 1099 substantial? The IRS also receives copies of all 1099s so they must have just missed this one. I had an error on a 1099 and they caught it since my return didnt agree with the 1099 from the employer. So, sometime in the future, they may still catch it and want to bill you for taxes and interest. I would call them.  


I need to file my state taxes as they were due yesterday!!  Can turbo tax help me submit my state taxes ASAP online?  

You should be able to get the state tax program from turbo tax.  Use your user name and password to import your federal tax return form.  Answer the questions and fill out the info from your w2 form.  Is easy and fast!  


I ended up filing through the U.S. Postal Service and the IRS has already deducted the  

See this:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-An-Identity-Protection-PIN  


a place for her income on my return so it kept rejecting my taxes.  

Only married couples can file a joint return. If both had earned income, you simply combine both incomes just as you would combine all deductible expenses if you itemize them.No one can combine a dependents income/expenses with their own!  This rule is applicable to state income tax returns also.   This is why your returns were rejected and why TurboTax did not allow it.Your dependent has to file his/her own return, regardless of his/her age, as long as their income was higher than the standard exemption for a single person.If you paid more than half of the support of this child, you can claim that child as a dependent on your own tax return.  If that is the case, your dependent will not be able to claim himself/herself on his/her own return.Final advice:  IF your dependents income was less than the standard exemption for one person, there is no need for him/her to file a return at all. Obviously, any money withheld from his/her paycheck will never be refunded.  


I filled out the lines 13a and 13b as instructed with my bank info. But I am not sure I have to mail the voucher payment for the first payment. Does the IRS send something saying the payment plan was approved before taking the initial payment?  

The IRS can take up to 3 months to approve the payment plan and start making the deductions. You can make payments until then to reduce the penalties and interest.https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


another return.  I filed through the U.S. Postal Service and the IRS already deducted the amount I owed from my account.  How can I get this years returned cleared so I can file with your service next year and so my information is not visible if ssomeone compromises my account?  

See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355024-i-was-not-able-to-file-electronically-through-your-service...  


My wife and I have a California LLC that has elected to file as an "S-Corp". Our LLC is a member of a multi-partner partnership that provides consulting services to third parties. Our LLC owns approximately 5% of the equity in the partnership. Our LLC provides services to the partnership (and its clients) and receives a 1065 K-1 that shows income in boxes 1, 4 and 14 a, c (i.e self-employed income). Not all of our partnership expenses are reimbursed. If my wife and I were members of the partnership, we would report our income on Schedule E of the 1040 and claim UPE. As we are employed by our LLC, do we report the K-1 income on Form 1120S? If so, where does the income from lines 1, 4 and 14 of the partner K1 get reported on the 1120S and how do the unreimbursed partnership expenses get reported?  

I am missing something -- first, if you are an employee of an entity ( S-corp/C-Corp/Partnership / multi member LLC ), they must issue a W-2 for all employees, including an owner/ partner;   second to file an entity return ( i.e.e at the entity level ) you have to use TurboTax Business  -- because only individuals can file the 1040 ( no matter what flavor); third  for pass through entities   (partnerships/ S-Corp etc. ) will still issue K-1s  for the pass through portion of the  income / losses etc.  to be taxed at the individual level.  You have to distinguish between  items that are treated at the entity level and those that are treated at the individual level, no matter how convoluted the  structure and relationships between entities and between enities and the individual(s).  Please tell us more about the whole structure  and the issues that you are facing i.e. what you are trying to achieve.  


The total value of three equal parcels of land is about $240,000.  Rather than listing in all 4 siblings' names since 1990, each 40 acre parcel is proposed to be listed in only 1 siblings name each and my spouse will receive 1/4 value (~$60,000) for her portion or ~$20,000 from each sibling.  Is this just a simple division/exchange of value between the siblings, or are taxes due?  Would accepting $10,000 from each sibling separately (or $30,000) in one year and $10,000 the next year from each ($30,000) fulfill an ability to receive these funds as a gift? Thanks.  

Since your wife will be receiving money in exchange for giving up her 1/4 interest it is a sale, actually 3 sales. (It would be a gift if she was keeping her 1/4 interest.) She will have income (capital gain) on each of the 3 sales equal to the difference between the $20,000 she receives and the giftor siblings tax basis in the property. Since the siblings received the property by gift from their parents, the siblings tax basis would be the parents tax basis. If the parents bought the property, their basis is the purchase price. If a parent inherited the property, the parents tax basis is the propertys fair market value at the time of the decedents death (unless the estate executor elected the alternate valuation date 6 months after the date of death).  


I setup a $7,000 recharacterization of my IRA to Roth conversion.  Because of the losses in my Roth, Schwab moved back $6,924.25.  When I did my taxes, the Schwab retirement person advised me that the $7k was recharacterized but only $6,924.25 was moved back because of the losses.  When I did my taxes with TurboTax, I subtracted the $7k from the original conversion amount to get the actual reported converted amount.  I put all of this in the "Additional Notes section".  When I got my statement, Schwab said my recharacterization was $6,924.25.Can someone help with the proper way to record this on the tax forms?  Do I subtract the $7k or the $6,924.25?  I believe I have to ammend my form with the $6,924.25 because my sense is that is what my 1099R will state next year.Thanks,David  

when you recharacterize, you are recharacterizing the contribution, not the amount transferred.  It is treated as having made the contribution at the original date but to the second IRA.  However, the amount transferred is the original contribution plus any profit or loss attributable to that contribution, hence only $6,924.25 was transferred with the recharacterization.  My memory says use Form 8066 but I may have the number wrong.  This link should explain it:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p590a/ch01.html#en_US_2015_publink1000230671Good luck  


I e-filed on 4/27/16 but am not sure if the questionnaire i answered here a few minutes ago will  be included and noted on my file to except me from the penalties.  

No, that is a side program which links you to the ACA marketplace  and is not attached to the tax program so it cannot effect your tax return. Look at your tax return...form 1040 line 61.  Did you pay a penalty?  If not then you are done.If you did then you must wait for the original return to be fully processed and the refund paid before amending the return.  


This course work was not part of a degree program--already have MA & MS from many yrs ago (though they are also required for the Certification).   It is for an additional Prof. Certification (after supervision & Cert test are successfully completed).  

You may be able to deduct work-related education expenses paid during the year as an itemized deduction on Form 1040, Schedule A (PDF),Itemized Deductions. To be deductible, your expenses must be for education that (1) maintains or improves your job skills or (2) that your employer or a law requires to keep your salary, status, or job. However, even if the education meets either of these tests, the education cannot be part of a program that will qualify you for a new trade or business or that you need to meet the minimal educational requirements of your trade or business. They are subject to a 2% floor and you must itemize your deductions .https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc513.htmlIf your income allows you might be eligible for the lifetime learning credit. You cannot take both the LLC and deduct your expenses . https://www.irs.gov/publications/p970/ch03.html 


I havent got my confirmation number for my file and my tax return has not been filed yet, though ive done all process online with turbo tax. How can I complete my tax return and whom can I ask what should I do now to?  

Please contact TurboTax Customer Support for assistance by using the info below during business hours.  A Support rep should be able to help; they can even screenshare with you if you give them permission.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


So I sent my tax return papers on April 15th and the status is still rejected, why is that? I filed by mail, signed, and even added my W-2 papers onto it.  

Since you filed by mail, your efile status will stay rejected because your efile was rejected. It doesn't mean your mailed return is rejected. 


my refund was less than my return why?  

Did you choose to have your TurboTax fees paid out of your Federal refund?  i.e, did you use the refund processing service?    If so, that can decrease the amount of your refund. Also remember that the refund processing service has an additional 34.99 service fee in addition to your TurboTax product fees (39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Service.)If the IRS decreased your Federal refund, you should get a postal letter from them in 2-3 weeks or so explaining why your Federal refund is less than what you filed.  The letter should also tell you steps you can take if you disagree with their decision, including a contact number for you to phone them if desired.  The following help article will tell you a bit more about possible causes, how to check for any offsets, etc.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894477-why-did-my-federal-tax-refund-decrease-after-i-filedThe IRS has said:Examples that could decrease your refund include math errors, mistakes, delinquent federal taxes, state taxes, child support, student loans, or other delinquent federal nontax obligations, or if the earned income tax credit (EITC) portion of your refund is withheld pending further review.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriIf an offset is involved, heres more info on the Treasurys offset program:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2539782-what-is-a-refund-offsetTreasury Offset Program phone: 800-304-3107Offset Call Center hours are 7:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. (Central Time). 


[personal info removed]  

Here is the link to contact\nIDnotify to be removed from the service https://www.idnotify.com/contact/https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5096854  


How can I keep the payment on my card and print my return to be filed by mail?  

If you want to pay your taxes by credit card, you will need to make the payment via credit card in another way, not through TurboTax.https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


forms to recharacterize for the IRA?  

If your broker corrected an error, that is not a recharacterization.You should contact broker again to be certain what happened before you file a tax return.  


On April 18, I contacted turbo tax about an incident (418453991) while filing my taxes. Makeda, the agent, helped me with it and informed me that I would be refunded the 89.98 USD I paid. Because of the incident she gave me a discount code for my taxes and said I would only be charged the 29.99 USD to file my state taxes. After checking my bank statement, I have been charged 89.98 USD and 29.99 USD. There is no refund for the 89.98 USD. Could you please resolve. Thanks!  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  


Was it garnished or penalized for something? Does the State return come separate from the Federal return?  

The federal & state returns are sent separately since they are processed by totally separate taxing authorities.If the feds or state reduce your expected refund then they will send a letter of explanation in about 2 weeks. 


its wanting me to start my 2015 tax return and a payment  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488 


I imported last year's data into my return. One of my dependents is no longer a dependent due to income. It appears that TT left him in as a dependent when it should not have. He's on my return, but it shows he didn't live with us all year (but he did, he just earned too much). Now I have to amend my returns and I'm going to have to pay penalties. I am NOT happy.  

When information is transferred in from the prior year it is your responsibility to review all that information and to make the corrections needed. The program asks you to do exactly that so it is a user entry error if you didnt change the dependent information correctly.  And it is your responsibility to review your return for accuracy before you file it.So , since you have a mistake, all you have to do is amend the return and pay what you owe with the mailed in form 1040X.  There should be no penalties or interest if you pay when you file. If you really believe that this was a TT program error then you can put in a claim here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculations-guarantee\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I do not have a W2 from my Chinese employer.  Do I need to pay taxes for that work to the IRS also?  

Form 1116 will take care of any tax paid to a foreign country tax system 


could not retrieve my old user name and password from when I filed my taxes for 2014 so I just made a new user name and sign in in 2015. I now need a copy of my old tax return. How do I get this?  

Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your 2014 return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.  


I filed my federal tax through the mail and I cannot access my state tax paperwork which was due May 1 and it now May 3.  Please allow me to pull it up and print.  

duplicate post  


I was able to see both last week  

Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address. 


Will there be a penalty if I owe money and filed before April 18, 2015 but it was rejected?  

Although the last day to resubmit a rejected return is October 20, there was an April 25 deadline to resubmit if rejected without a late-filing penalty. 


I received an e-mail that says someone attempted to fill out a return using a different account and I should verify my account through the e-mail.  This is a fishing SPAM correct?  

Could be; I would ignore and I definitely would NOT give out any information online about yourself to anyone no matter who they claim they are.  


do you have to print and mail manually or can you file directly from the website?  

The amended return is a paper return. It goes via US Mail.  


im not sure if i will have the money taken out of my account or if i have to mail in my return  

Did you successfully e-file your return? The filing instructions on your copy will say if anything needs to be mailed. Usually not.Did you put your bank information in the file section to have it drawn from your account? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354424-print-my-2015-return  


The instructions say mail the 1040X & my Amended 2015 forms but once printed, the 1040X has water marked on it DO NOT FILE FORM NOT FINAL DO NOT FILE.  

Sounds like you did not update Turbo Tax.  


How do I get a refund when I was charged for efiling even though this was rejected and I had to do this manually?  

IF you are using the ONLINE software....the State fee is for the use of the software...no matter how you end up filing it (mail or e-file)________________________________________IF you re using the Desktop software, the $25 e-file fee can be refunded to you, but you need to make sure it actually gets charged ( some temp charges dont actually go thru).........to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041__________________________________..............Do not use the word refund anywhere in your question....or youll get connected to an automated phone number that is useless for your situation.  use Billing issue  


I feel I was cheated out of my refund I never received!  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your refund, the following will tell you how you can check on your refund at the intermediary bank that handles that service.  If you did NOT use that option and instead pay your TurboTax fees upfront, you can contact the IRS, and they can trace it to see where it went.   In addition, VolvoGirl left you the method to phone TurboTax Support above, and they can also tell you whom to contact.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.  They might require ID verification before doing so.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support at:http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


How can I view/print the 1099-misc forms I created using Turbo Tax for my 2015 taxes?  

Go to the upper right hand corner of the program and select print.  A screen will pop up and you can preview and print any form you select.  


My spouse was on her parents healthcare exchange plan until we got married in October. We filed married filing jointly this year and got a letter saying we need to fill out a 8962. I got the 1095-A from her parents, and filled in the premiums and credits, etc. Where I am confused is the percentages on allocation. Can I just allocate 0% as her parents and I had an understanding that they covered her health insurance.  

If her parents agree, yes, you can allocate 0% to your wife.   See this for details:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...  


where are my docs, unable to retrieve them  

Are you referring to a 2015 return?Have you already filed and want to view/print, or is it a return in progress?What do you see when you log in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline?  Is there no evidence of your returns, and it acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return?If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


The IRS cannot pull up information about my refund and I was never prompted by TurboTax to mail in anything.  Why weren't my taxes filed?  

To confirm your return was accepted please check the status of your return here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You also would have gotten a email from turbotax if your return was accepted or rejected. You can also sign into your account and see the status.I am not a TT employee.I hope this helped. 


have completed everything says file now pay later - but won't let me continue  

Transportation is a nondeductible education expense  


the screen freezes when I use back button  

When you say you are using the Back button, do you mean the one provided by Turbo Tax located at the bottom left of your screen?  So you are in what section when you do this?  Maybe if you could be more specific in your question . What deduction do you want to edit?  Usually you just go to that deduction and overtype it.  


no download button appears below the status of accepted, how do it print  

See if the instructions below (which include graphics) help.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 


Im stuck in the Easystep process when filling information for companies working for my appartments (TP-1086). I have 3 more buildings to enter but software bugs. I try to uncheck 3 checkboxes at the top and associated fields but when I click Suivant, attached picture shows what I get.  

This is the U.S. TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Canadian taxes in the Canada TurboTax AnswerXchange, at the following link.https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help  


I have tried going back and re-signing up for plus and it does not allow me the option. I need this return information tomorrow.  

Im not certain if my answer will help, but Ill try. I have the 2014 home and business version. If you go into the file where the tax return  is located, along the top there is a tab called file. Below the file tab is a choice called print/save for your records. If you click on that tab it should allow you  an option to print a copy for your records.  Im not sure if your original free file edition changes some of the options.   I hope this is helpful.  


Now, the PLUS option is shaded out and it wasn't at first. What am I to do now?  

When the upgrade option is grayed out then that would mean that you are currently using the Plus edition.  You have to pay for the upgrade to access your prior year online tax returns.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Filed incorrect info on state return and need to amend the return  

Sign in to your turbo tax account and click on the amend option right under my tax timeline. It will allow you to change what you need to change BUTif you amend your return you will have to print off your refund and send it in to the IRS. Make sure if you do this that when you print the papers off there will be a place where you have to sign your name. I hope this helps  


and it showed it as not being marked as if I did have it so I did and the return amount did not change not sure it even should idk but anyway then it said there was a snag or a problem and i click on amend so i clicked that and it said i could not e file if I did that so I backed out of that and im not sure what I need to do if anything. wayne.craig68@yahoo.com/w.craig43@yahoo.com/              765-716-1297. thank you  

you must file, either via e-FIle, or on paper via US Mail.Then you must pay what you owe. mail in a check or visit www.irs.gov for Direct Pay.  


I haven't filed my 2014 returns yet. Just filed 2015. It says I need to download TurboTax desktop. Can I download that on my android phone and complete my taxes. The information is in there just needs to be reviewed and transmitted  

I do not believe you can file an out Of period return from your mobile because the forms will have to be printed and mailed in since the efile period for TurboTax (you can get it efiled through a preparer for 2014 tho Im pretty sure) for that year is closed.  however if you are owed a refund for 2014 that shouldnt impede the acceptance of your 2015 filings, but if you owed for 2014 be careful because the irs pre estimates tax for everyone and if they have on the books that you owed for that year they will keep whatever out of your return to settle the original amount + penalties and interest.  If you were owed a refund you can file three years back so since the deadline just passed you can file clear back to 2013 but if you owe to the IRS can basically take it as far back as they want. Hope this helps!  


We had misplaced a 1095-c form and did not find it till after we has done our taxes.  How would I go about getting the information to the IRS. What forms would I need.  

A Form 1095-C is not entered on a federal tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 1095-C - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920031-what-s-a-form-1095-c\nForm 1095-C, Employer-Provided Health Insurance Offer and Coverage.  Certain employers send this form to certain employees, with information about what coverage the employer offered. Employers that offer health coverage referred to as self-insured coverage send this form to individuals they cover, with information about who was covered and when.  


Will we have to pay taxes on a gift received for college for my daughter?  Would it be best for the giver to pay the college directly?  

There are no taxes owed for receiving a gift, and rarely owed for giving a Gift (a giver can give over $5 million in Gifts over his lifetime before any Gift Taxes are owed)If the giver is giving over $14,000, paying it directly to the college could save them from needing to file a Gift Tax return.  


I am using turbotax online. I got a K-1 after I already filed.  I understand how to update the federal return but I dont know how to update the California state return.  TurboTax just gives me a pdf to fill in.Any help?  

You do not update...you must file amended returns.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot...  


Don't I need to enter the amount of the distribution into TurboTax in order to factor it into the amount of tax I owe?  

There are multiple pages to a Form 3520. Page 2 asks for Yield to Maturity and Fair Market Value, which I believe would be your amounts. For more information on this form visit irs.gov/form3520 and you can get complete instructions on how to do the form. Im not sure if this form is offered on Turbo Tax, but the IRS site has a plethora of useful information and all the step-by-step guides for each form.  


Why can't I post this question as a ticket where someone calls me back, as I have done in the past?  

If you want Customer Support to phone you, you can use the info in the FAQ below to get a phone number during business hours.  The phone number will not display when they are closed.   You will likely be given a choice to have them phone you back.When you first go to the form, just summarize your issue.  On another page there will be a box were you can ask your question in more detail.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be given an incident number and assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


It must... I don't know how else it would get into the right place... but just for my peace of mind, I'd like to know. Thanks!  

The TurboTax Oregon state module provides Oregon state Schedule OR-ASC for Adjustments:Form OR Sch OR-ASC, Sch OR-ASC - Adjustments for Form 40 FilersDate for Print      Availablehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908857-forms-availability-table-for-turbotax-state-except-busines...  


I sent my first payment by money order with a voucher from TurboTax a couple days before taxes were due.  

What will likely happen is that, if the payment plan is accepted, it will be processed for the original amount on the original schedule.  The amount you paid will not be taken in place of a payment, but will reduce your number of payments at the back end.Lets say you owed $10,000 and offered $500 a month for 20 months, then sent in $2000.  If approved, what will probably happen is they will start taking $500 a month right awayyou cant count that early payment as going toward the first 4 monthsbut your payments will end early.  


It looks like I never filed but I did. I got a good return too. I just can't find any information regarding that previous tax return on my Turbo Tax account...  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


Used TurboTax.com, premier. I tried looking in computer using the find .tax, and it has a lot of the prior years .pdfs but nothing for this year. When I log in it asks if I am ready to get started...What? It should already be done. This was the first year we didnt print/download, relied on your cloud to keep the copy. Now not even sure if it was processed. We filed prior to April 15th, if it didnt take, will we have fines now if we have to refile???  If it was filed, how can we get a copy?  

If you efiled, you can check the status here to be sure it was successfully efiled and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I accidentally put in wrong account number for my refund.. What do i do now? how do i get my refund?  

Did you efile, and has your return already been accepted?   If you recently efiled and it rejects for some reason, you can make any changes you need to and resubmit the efile.  If its already been accepted, however, then you cant change it.Was your refund coming directly from the IRS, or did you choose the option to first pay any TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund  (which uses an intermediary bank to process?)If your bank refuses the direct deposit, it should bounce back to whoever sent it.  If it was sent by the IRS, it will go back to the IRS who will issue you a check in the mail.  There are rare cases in which a refund with a wrong account number could be deposited in someone elses account, however.NOTE: The following info only applies IF you chose to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund. If you did not choose that option, then the rest of the info below does not apply to you.If you used the refund processing service to pay the TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund,  then a refused direct deposit should bounce back to the intermediary bank, who will issue you a check in the mail.If you DID use that refund processing service, you can log into your temporary account at SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group) where that is handled.  You can check and follow the status there.   SBTPG used to let people make corrections in their direct deposit info there, but I dont know if they still do that since there is a lot of fraud and identity theft these days.  You can log in there and see if you can correct it, but Im not sure if you still can.  Use the Taxpayer portal at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  Look for \nthe Contact Us or Help link at the SBTPG website. 


I mailed my return so the system dose not seem to be amending my return just editing it.  

Did you make changes in your return without going through the formal amend process?   If so, you will need to put it back like it was originally, so you can run the amend process.  An amended return has to start off with the return as originally filed.Here are the instructions for amending a 2015 online return.   It will have to be printed and mailed, and can take up to 16 weeks to process.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787  


I don't need an extension, but I do not want to be considered late because I was out of the country in April. Can I still e-file? And if so, how do I prove I was really out of the country?  

You cant attach a form if you efile.  You have to file a paper return, but no proof should be necessary if your return shows that you were out of the country on April 18 due to employment or military purposes.  You can efile by June 15, but you may still be charged interest on any taxes not paid by April 18.  


I was helped by your experts and I received my return back from the IRS with spaces to fix. I TRIED TO CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE WHICH SAYS THEY ARE OPEN 8-5 PACIFIC TIME AND THEY ARE CLOSED I NEED HELP PLEASE!  

\nEIC is the earned income credit.  You basically get your taxes lowered for having children you support.You can find the form here at the IRS website:https://www.irs.govhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sei.pdf SE is Self employment Tax.You can find the form here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sse.pdfInstructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sse.pdfIn turbo Tax you can look under view or open Schedule SE & Schedule EIC\n\n  


My federal taxes will come. But i don't know anything about my state taxes and their website it's not working.  

No one at TurboTax can find the status of your state return. If the web site is not working, you can try calling them.  


i was suppose to receive my tex return today via direct deposit its, I filed on the 13th of Apirl and its may 4th. SO I tracked me refund through the IRS website and it gave me this message..."We cannot provide any information about your refund. You must wait at least 24 hours after you get the acknowledgement e-mail that your tax return was received by the IRS"  

Have you received notice that your return was received and accepted? By the chart guidelines, you should have received your refund by April 23 via direct deposit. If you have not received the refund and have not received notice of your accepted return, you will need to verify your return was submitted correctly and with no issue. You may want to resubmit your return or contact the IRS (but be prepared for a long day of waiting if this last route is the one you take).  


I would like my money back into my return  

The promotion for a free state return expired March 31st. A state return with free federal was $29.99 after that date. You apparently chose the option to have the fee for the state return paid from your federal refund. There is a $34.99 fee for that service. You can verify what your fees were for by opening your return and clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees. 


taxes took longer then expected and turbo tax took money from me twice  

Assuming that you requested to have your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund, then see this TurboTax support FAQ concerning payment of TurboTax fees if the IRS holds your tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...If the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).If you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.Finally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.Note: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.To contact TurboTax support, see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I received the email saying it was accepted but no refund.  

If youve received the email from TurboTax confirming that your return was accepted by AZ, youd need to contact the states Department of Revenue for info.  But keep in mind that the states typically do take longer to issue refunds.  Im linking you to contact information for the AZ DOR below.https://www.azdor.gov/ContactUs.aspx 


Filed in March?  No refund from the IRS to date.  Did the return get sent to the IRS?  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Search your states tax web site for how to check your refund status.  


How long does it typically take for California State Tax payment to be processed? While Federal Tax was processed quickly, I don't see any payment being processed for State Tax. Something seems wrong, even though I did provide my bank information when successfully e-filing. I fortunately do not owe much, but I would really like to get this all behind me, and before I get a nasty reminder with potential penalties...Best,  

First, double-check your entries for your state tax payment option by following the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4196540If youve entered your information correctly, you should be fine.  See the information below for how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924  


He works part time and has income of $26000  

One of the criteria for EIC is, that you  cannot file form 2555.How can you meet the EIC requirements when you have that much income?  


How can I get a $29.00 refund from Turbotax?  I had to file in two different states and believed I could do it on the Free Federal website.  I ended up having to pay for one state, but couldn't afford the second: I'm jobless and homeless.  I managed to do my taxes on the Freedom website, but Turbotax NEVER gave me a federal return to print out.  I had to send my tax forms in without one.  

This is a user to user forum and we cant handle billing issues. You must contact TurboTax directly for this. Use billing issues as the key words in your contact. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Note the day and times they are open.  


How do I get my 2014 Tax returns?  

It seems likely that your 2014 tax return is filed on your computer. Try going to C > Program Files > Turbotax and look for it there under the name you have used for these files.  If you are a cloud user it could be there, but Im not knowledgeable re that.\n\nGood luck!  


I feel like I answered this question $889.02 Hydro, $18,000 rent and 2 rooms used for business  

CHECK the WMR site, they are most accurate..  


We live for over 20 yrs, making $100,000 on sale  

Assuming that you are a married couple and used the home as your personal residence for the past 20 years, you together have a $500,000 exemption on the gain on the sale of the house, thus no  taxable gain on the $100,00  


I want to delete my online account [remove email]  

You can not delete an account.  You can try to clear the info.  Or ask support to Deactivate it.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


want to pay 1040 and SE taxes using a debit card as soon as possible, can you give me the total I owe and a way to pay  

To find out how much you owe, you must look at your tax return or the amount due monitor with your tax return open. You can use this link to find out about various payment plan options: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Payment-Plans-Installment-Agreements 


its been more then 6wks and i still have not received my NY state return nor a letter explaining why its taking so long..  

Use this link to check your refund status: https://www8.tax.ny.gov/PRIS/prisStart 


I need an additional copy of my amended 2015 taxes.  The amended taxes are not on my computer.  I just amended them this morning.  

duplicate post  


I entered all the information on the 8962 from my 1095-A, now IRS is saying I didn't fill out the monthly amounts, but on the 8962, Turbo automatically chose Yes on line 10, to skip those.     I don't know what information to enter in columns d and e.  Also line 8b gives 'monthly contribution amount' of a very small amount, only a third of what I actually contributed in 2015.  What do I do?  

you will copy your 1095a into the 1095a in turbo tax as it is. do not rely on program has mad errors. be sure on the heath care form you mark the x at bottom for complete.pull up amendment first. then make chags to originial return will fill in amendment. be sure to fill in the bottom for refund you received, etc.  


I enter full numbers in Rental and let TurboTax divide  

Yes, you need to enter your 50% ownership in the assets.  TurboTax warns\n you about this on the We Can Automatically Divide Your Income and \nExpenses for You page where you enter your ownership percentage:  The \npercentage you enter here applies only to your expenses.  The cost of \nyour assets must be entered as the amount that represents your ownership\n percentage.I presume that you originally set up the rental appropriately.Tom Young  


Last year I could not use TT online due to a software defect and TT had me use the desktop  version so I could manipulate the forms directly.  I'll need to do that again this year, hence I need to download TT for 2015 - just as I did for 2014.   The problem is that the TT website prevents me from downloading TT for US returns because my address is Canadian.   Surely TT realized there are about a million Canadians who hold dual citizenship and as such many of us are required to file both in Canada and the US.   For whatever reason, someone at TT thought it'd be a good idea to prevent us from downloading the US version - yet... I need the US version. So... can you update the website to allow my Credit Card to be used (with my Canadian address).  It's a US bank but the address here my home address here in Canada.This is absurd.  Please assist as I have until June 30th to file.Thank you,Patrick  

To purchase the TurboTax software from the TurboTax website you have to use a US credit card that has a US billing address.  You can also purchase either the CD or Download for the 2015 desktop editions from an online retailer, such as Amazon.To contact TurboTax support for this issue with paying by CC with a US billing address, see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


The IRS has said that we left some 1099s off our 2014 taxes. Can you help us with the procedure for correcting/amending our 2014 taxes?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128  


I'm trying to get a copy of my w2. I lost the paper copy I had and I think I uploaded it to turbotax. I can't find a way to see the information I used the last time I filed using turbo tax.  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 


Looks like other people would like to have a software that tracks medical expenses.  Are there any plans to release medical deductions software this year?  

Im not aware of any, However, a simple spreadsheet will do, as only the total number ends up on your tax return. 


I do not see "Things I Can Do" that will allow me to print my 2015 Tax filing.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


The filing was 4/17/16 and I have been notified the returns were accepted.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


The lender wants a copy of my tax return for my mortgage application. PDF is too large to load and zip file strips all numbers. Quicken officer says it is easy to use TurboTax to forward from your site. I can not find a way to forward returns.  

A normal download of a PDF for the tax return is usually between 300 and 800 KB which is not to large to send as an attachment on an email.  But sending a PDF as an attachment is not secure, you should consider printing the return and either delivering it in person or mailing the printed return.Just download the PDF of your return that only includes the forms and schedules sent to the IRS and/or your state.  Do not download the PDF that includes all forms and worksheets to print or send to the lender.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Filed in March 2016 for Year 2015. Rec'd 4883C Letter April 2016. Called the # on the letter, was told that I had to make an appointment and drive to an IRS location, oh and by the way, the next available appt is in 3 weeks. The IRS holds your refund hostage until you drive to an IRS office???  What happened at the appointment?  Just wonder if this is common? Any idea what triggers this? Nothing's special or different about my return this year.  

Most likely they need to see you and a picture ID to verify that you are who you claim to be.Its possible that they suspect someone has stolen your identity, so check your credit reports.  


I filed my federal and state taxes through TurboTax like I have several times before on April 11.  Both returns were accepted and a few days later the Federal amount owed was transferred out of the account which I identified for payment.  The state taxes were never transferred and just today (May 3) I had to may an additional $45 to pay with my VISA card.   This has NEVER happened before.  The State of North Carolina is hearing about people in similar situations this year with Turbo Tax.  What is the problem? I paid for you to handle the transaction and it wasnt handled-.  I want a refund for the state portion of the fee that I paid.  I have been incurring fees and interest since April 18th by the state of North Carolina for your mistake.  

All TT does is provide your payment info to the state, and it is then up to them to pull the payment. Please call TT Support for assistance:\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n  


The Statement of Foreign income shows my Canadian Income and 2x my foreign income. Background: Dual Citizen. Worked in Canada until August 2015, then permanently moved to the US for a job change. What I did: I inputted my T4 slips and my foreign income in the Income Tab, under the T Slips subsection. Under provincial tab, it asked me to put my foreign income again in the Statement of World Income subsection. Heres where the problem starts: The statement of world income has 2 sections, and provides a total for both combined:1. Income from Canadian sources(This includes line 236, which includes a sum of line 101 for T4 slips, and line 104 which includes foreign income)2. Income from sources outside Canada(This of course includes foreign income)So now it shows my net income as Canadian income (101) + Foreign income (104) + Foreign income again. Am I not supposed to fill one of the foreign income sections? I have a feeling one of them might be for something like Foreign income earned while in Canada, which is not my case.  

Hi,Sorry youre having trouble.  That can be frustrating.  The middle initial should be enough and would not cause a rejection.  However, sometimes rejections happen due to the IRS information on file for social security.  There are a few errors that the IRS will give for this.  They are each explained in detail on this article.  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12082If you are not able to get the return accepted and you are sure that you have entered the information correctly, it may be best to mail your return in.  Then the IRS will manually check the SS information and confirm its correct. I hope this helps.  


What will TurboTax do if Vermont persists in saying my return wasn't filed?  

The Vermont Department of Taxes has announced delays for process for tax refunds.  The department may hold some returns until it receives W-2 withholding reports from employers.Its possible that hold means they are not putting anything through their system until they get those reports. Call the state and ask.  


says i am being claimed as a dependent  

If someone claimed you as a dependent and should not have claimed you, you will have to print and mail your return to get it accepted. The IRS will request information from you and whoever else claimed you sometime in the next several months to help determine who had the right to claim your dependency exemption.  


i could not add my IP number before but now I have it added.  

Go to Federal Taxes > Other Tax Situations.  Then scroll down to the IP Pin box.  


I moved to a new house during the middle of the year and now have to enter info for a home office for both but they are asking for Expenses Allocated to each home office but no hint at what number to enter.  

you will figure out the percentage of area that is work related , sq foot of house, sq foot of ofc, gives percent. this used against any home expenses.  


I filed an amended 2015 return that did not change my taxes but increased my capital loss carryover. Will TurboTax pick up my revised carryover on my 2016 return?  

first of all does your w2 show the state for income. if it says mass. then you will file an nonresident return for the w2. dont know about mass but some states will not tax you on the out of state income . you woud file the 1040 fed all income, then your state where you live, and the the state where you do not live as non-resident. read your instruction for your states to see if you get a credit show dont pay taxes on the income twice.about your taxes increased in 2016 cannot use till 2016 yr tax returns. use 2015 figure.also can use the form for credit for working out of your home. form easy to do after you find out percentage of working area,  office you use in  house.  


I prepared my tax return using TurboTax, but was unable to e-file because an accountant had already filed for me. I had to mail in my tax return with a form saying that the first tax return was submitted without my consent. Now I need to file an amendment because my IRA contribution did not go through, but TurboTax wants me to fix the issues with the return first but they are not fixable because the issue is that someone else already e-filed using my information.  

Okay, and now you want to amend the return your filed yourself.  Did you contribute to a Trad IRA or a Roth?Go into your TT return, select File by Mail,  and then print the return out. Exit the program, and then come back in. You should be able to amend now.  


My Soc . Sec.  covers mortgage, transportation, food and mics. costs.  

must be some form that exempts taxes paid in american. a non-residency form will be used for the usa, what state?  


Now state deadline is passed.  TurboTax did not prompt me if I also wanted to submit for state.  I assumed it was done automatically.  Wondering if this prompt should be added in future to avoid this situation.  

First off, you should know that each state has its own way of dealing with extensions.  It is pretty universal that if you have a refund you dont need to file an extension.  You can see this link to get an idea of your states rules http://www.olt.com/main/home/stateextensions.asp.  If you have a refund you usually have 3 years to file your return.  However, if you owe anything you must pay that amount prior to the April 15 deadline or pay the taxes with your extension.  In this case you may need to start filing the state extension forms (as required) and If you owe taxes you may need to start making quarterly payments or adjust your exemptions to withhold more. This is a different question so I wont go into anymore detail.I dont know if TurboTax has any plans to make the state extension automatic with the fed but I can think of several situations where I would not want the extension to be automatic.  Check out the link above, it should be very helpful.  


Depreciation expense ???  

TurboTax/federal computes the depreciation for you. You just enter the asset description, cost basis, date placed in service, select the type of asset, whether or not to take bonus depreciation, and so forth. Thats all you have to do. The computed depreciation flows into your rental worksheet (Schedule E Worksheet) line 18a.  


do I have to count money that is going out to a subcontractor as mine  

You enter the income you received as income and the amount you paid the subcontractor as an expense. This is all entered in the Business section.  


sellback of a timeshare.  Will claim it is income. Please help.  

Log on to your Deluxe Account and begin the Amended return. You will then have to upgrade to Premier to be able to enter a 1099-S. To enter it, type 1099-S in the search box and click on the most appropriate phrase in the drop down box and click on jump to. 


how do i print out what was submitted to irs?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I recently got married and need to change my W-4. My husband and I want to receive a refund, but also not minimize our monthly income too much. He makes about $80k, and I make about $45k. We have no children and would not really benefit from itemizing our returns.How many allowances should we claim on our W-4 forms?  

Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


TurboTax only prompts for Box 1, not Box 3. How would I know to go manually to Line 21?  

A refund of overpaid interest, reported in box 3, should be reported \n as Other Income on line 21 of Form 1040 if you deducted the \n corresponding interest expense as an itemized deduction in a previous \n year.Log into TurboTax:\n\nPersonal Taxes tab.\nThen Deductions/Credits.\nChoose guide me or Ill choose what I work on .\n\nClick on the Start/Update button to the right of the Mortgage Interest and Refinancing topic.\nChoose Other Income and notate the description.\n  


Many people who live near a state border may live in one state but work in the other.  Often those states will both have income tax.  I think most people would only need to file 1 federal return as well.  So why is it that you allow 5 different federal tax returns to be created (and e-filed) for free, but charge the full price for the software to create a return for the second state?  This just seems ludicrous.  I have been a loyal customer of your tax prep software for years now, but may decide to figure it out on my own rather than pay double.  Very disappointed in your company at the moment.To clarify:Yes the Deluxe software has a cost of about $50, and Yes I am talking about the CD software.  But what I am saying is that for some unknown reason, you allow 5 different federal tax returns to be created, and then e-filed at no additional cost.  You also allow 1 state return to be created, e-filing has additional charge.  But if you have to file state tax returns in two states because you work in a neighboring state, you charge an extra $45 just to create the second states tax return, and e-file would also be an even more additional charge.  This is just nonsensical.  

live in one state but work in the other.Many states have reciprocal tax agreements, so that you only file/pay taxes to (and have them withheld from) your home state.  Please identify the states for your situation.  


2014 AND 2015  

It shouldnt cause any problems at all as I had such files and had no problem.  However, as systems and software on them vary, you just never know.  I would save all of the *.tax and PDF return copies to off computer storage first.  


This is the third year I have had problems with my NYS tax return. Am I doing something wrong? Is there a glitch in the free edition? What steps do I take to get money?  

NYS will be sending you a letter about what they changed and/or offset.  If youve had problems for 3 yrs now, you may be doing something wrong.  What did the state change in prior years?  


MY amended return said I owed $440 to the IRS. Turbotax and the IRS just sent me notice I was receiving a refund of $399 and it has been deposited in my account. Is this correct?  

TT does not approve refunds. Amended returns take many months to process, so the IRS is likely referring to your original return.  Refunds for amended returns are only paid by IRS check mailed to you.  


need copy  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Deleted  

Deleted by user. 


After filing my taxes I was informed that the State taxes would come directly out of my refund; however, according to my bank account this morning, the State taxes were taken directly from my bank account putting me negative in my checking account.  Not very happy with this and please give me some answers?  

State taxes owed cannot be paid from a federal tax refund.  You had options to pay the state taxes owed either by sending a check or money order with a payment voucher to your state.  Or you may have had the option to have your state taxes owed direct debited from your bank account and you would have provided a bank routing number and account number for the state to debit your account.  How did you choose to pay the taxes owed?  


Ok, so I'm a bit freaked out because I got an email from the above saying Internet SurveillanceAn Internet Surveillance alert indicates that a piece of your monitored information has been exposed on the web." I went to log in and any way I tried to get to that page, it says "Page Not Found". Even going to their home page it says the same thing. Did I just get scammed for my log in info???  

Turbotax sometimes sends security emails but scammers can copy and change them.  The most important thing to know is that Turbotax will never ask you to log into any site except Turbotax, and you can verify you are on the legitimate web site by looking for a padlock icon in your web browsers address window.  That padlock means that the site is verified by an indendent trustee.  Also, turbotax will never ask you to open an attachment or to send personal info by email.You can always send suspicious e-mails to spoof@intuit.com for investigation.It never hurts to change your Turbotax account password.  Make sure you use a unique password that is not the same as any other web site you use.If you think you might be looking at a true security alert from Turbotax but want a secure way to get a true phone number, use the web form below to get a phone number for customer support direct from Turbotax.  Ask for the security team. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need to complete a 8962 form  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3190165-where-to-find-my-amended-return  


I had to amend my 2015 tax return, now I need a copy of that and I cannot come up with it from your website, can u help me with this, thanx Mary J. Garakop  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3190165-where-to-find-my-amended-return 


i filed my taxes on 04/13/2016 and have not seen any information on my filing or have not received my money yet  

It can take longer for the IRS and state to process refunds when you file close to the deadline. What does it day on the IRS and state tax websites? 


I am the personal representative for an estate. Do I have to prepare and send out K-1s to beneficiaries if the estate is paying the taxes and no distributions have yet been made?  

Wait a minute!Did the Estate distribute assets to Beneficiaries?  If so, if any of the distribution was taxable income, then the Estate should not have paid the tax, particularly if it escalated the tax rate as Estates typically pay at a much higher rate.  The Tax obligation follows the income.  


on same turbo tax account  

You cannot,. You must set up a new account. But why arent you filing Joint?  


I see that line#19 is in reference to Tax Withheld and Wages, I thought that was an automatic from their records ??  

You have to enter your W-2 on the federal form. The boxes at bottom of form W-2 boxes 15/16/17  show the state income and taxes withheld.  That information will flow through to your state return.  


I sold my inventory but was not able to collect the money where do I enter it in my 1120S CORP ?  

When you record the amount of inventory taken out  you are taking the expense (cost of goods sold). Since you did not receive payment the amount you should have received is simply not added to your income so you are getting the loss of the transaction.  


My information is correct and I tried the IRS refund tracker and the Amended IRS refund tracker.  

The TurboTax timeline tells you if your returns were accepted.  


Somehow I was charged for some kind of mber fee or something like that.  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


for my records  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filed an extension on my 2015 taxes and will be filing the return soon.Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fund file the return and fund the SEP with $10,000 (which is the amount it says that can be deducted without penalty for purchasing a home for the first time) then if I purchased property two weeks later and withdrew the $10,000 from the SEP would this be allowed? Or would it be determined that I already had intent to purchase property and funded the SEP with $10,000 simply to save on taxes?  

Or would it be determined that I already had intent to purchase \nproperty and funded the SEP with $10,000 simply to save on taxes?There is no requirement that an amount needs to be in a qualified plan for X amount of time before you can withdraw it and use if for one of the exceptions to tax on early distributions.  The distribution itself will be taxable so youre not really saving on taxes, merely gaining a 1-year deferral.  I expect if you did this again and again, utilizing a different exception each time, that the IRS might take some action.Tom Young  


My wife and I are Maryland residents and we are both military retirees. Informed my my old tax person that MD retirees can take 5 or 10% off of there state taxes. If this is true, where do we record this information in turbo tax to obtain this deduction?  

Heres how to get the Maryland military retirement subtraction (do this for each military 1099-R):https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4416942The subtraction is up to $5K for those under age 65 and up to $10K for age 65 or over.  


Searching: "My Minnesota state refund was offset to pay a medical bill. The circumstances surrounding the bill are grey because I don't believe I owe it. I was on MA and was told the procedure was 100% covered and went through many months of preop appointments with both thr hospital and human services to assure it was covered. 9 months post op I get a bill for a portion of the procedure and now they've taken my state refund. Is it unheard of to get it back? My plan is to contact the hospital and get my records explaining if and why I do owe the amount and if I do, I plan to ask to set up a monthly automatic payment plan with them. I am currently on MA due to financial burdens and being unemployed Nov-Feb. Im still playing catch up and truly needed that refund to help. Any insight at all?  

See Financial Hardship here:http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/taxpayer_rights/Documents/collection%20actions.pdf 


I had 2 consecutive jobs 2 years in a row laid off twice in 3 years.  For 2 years, refund less. In 3rd year, 1 job for year received expected refund.So in summary, nothing changed in my life (all same deductions).2012 refund around $2000  1 job, 1 w-2 all year  (had job for 5 years and every year around same refund)Laid off in April 2013 so job Jan-April and another Job May-Dec. 2013 Had 2 w-2s very little refund (way less than 2012)2014 laid off in October so job May 2013 to Oct. 2014 and another job Nov-Dec. 2014 Jan-April and another Job May-Dec. Had 2 w-2s.  Again, very little refund (way less than 2012)Current job had 1 job all of 2015.  Received around $2000 again.I conclude their is something with the multiple w-2s.  These are CONSECUTIVE jobs not at the same time.  Something is not right.  

The amount you have withheld from each job is dependent upon the W-4 that you complete and give to your employer, so re-evaluate each time you submit those forms.   Also, any unemployment comp that your receive is taxable.You also have not told us how much your gross pay was for each job.  


He does not give me an accounting of this fee but has told me verbally of the cost.  

No.  A tax deduction reduces your taxable income.  Since this money is subtracted from your account before you ever withdraw it, it is never taxable income and so you cant deduct anything for it.  The taxable income from your IRA is whatever amount you actually manage to withdraw, which takes into account fees as well as changes in market value and investment choice. 


\nReside in \nMD to work,fulltime residence in PA. Im paying PA taxes,do I pay MD \ntaxes?Past income tax I owed MD taxes.Is this correct? Ive been paying \nPA tax and not MD?\n\n\n\nCurrently I reside in Maryland due to work, but my fulltime residence is in Pennsylvania. If I am paying PA Stat taxes, do I have to pay Maryland state taxes? Also, this past income tax I ended owing Maryland State taxes. Is this correct since Ive only been paying PA tax and not MD? PLease advise? <span class=_wysihtml5-temp-placeholder></span>  

You are a resident of Maryland for tax purposes if:  a.   Your permanent home is or was in Maryland (the law refers to this as your domicile). ORb.   Your  permanent  home  is  outside  of  Maryland,    but  you maintained a place of abode (a place to live) in Maryland for \n\nmore than six months of the tax year. If this applies to you and you were physically present in the state for 183 days or \n\nmore, you must file a full-year resident return.http://forms.marylandtaxes.com/current_forms/resident_booklet.pdfOf course, as a resident of PA you must also file a PA return.  


My wife is self-employed. We deduct her Medicare Part B premium as a business expense. I have a part-time job but no health insurance from my employer. Can we deduct my Medicare Part B premium as a business expense?  

When you say that you deduct her Part B premium as a business expense, I assume that you mean that you take it as a Form 1040, Line 29 deduction, and not as a business expense on Schedule C, because the latter is explicitly not allowed.  In any case, since you are not self-employed, you may not deduct your health insurance on Line 29 of Form 1040 or on your wifes Schedule C.  


I was approved for a federal refund of $7386 and was scheduled for the deposit to go into my account today. I only received $3440.. is there a reason for this?  

The IRS will be sending you a letter about this.  


I filed my injured spouse report and I got a letter back saying that question  

Look at Part III, line 16 of the form you submitted.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfOn Form 1040 or 1040A, this is the number you entered in box 6d.\nOn Form 1040EZ, this is the number of unchecked boxes on line 5.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdf  


Who can I contact to fix this problem so I can file?  

If your SSN has already been filed, it might just b e a typo by another taxpayer of possible ID theft.  All you can do is mail yiur return this year - you will not be able to e-file.See this IRS article:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Identity-Theft-Victim-Assistance-How-It-Workshttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft  


I neglected to save a copy of my returns and need them ASAP. I am unable to find or print my 2015 tax returns they were filed and accepted 2/5/16. It is telling me I have to pay first???  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


We have no idea where to begin when it comes to taxes on an LLC in Hawaii  

A Partnership return (Form 1065) requires the use of TT Business (not Home and Business), which is only available in Windows version. Partners are not employees and should not be issued a Form W-2. The partnership must furnish copies of Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) to the partners by the date Form 1065 is required to be filed, including extensions.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Partnerships  


Hello,My NY state refund was accepted march 20 but still not known by NY State as May 5th when i go on https://www.tax.ny.gov/pit/file/refund.htm"We do not have any information about your return at this time"when i call them it's a robot telling me the same thing,can turbo tax assure that it was filed? is there any other way to check on ny state filing status?thanksGab  

When you sign on to your account your efile status should be on the welcome page.To further check your status see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-check-my-e-file-status  


The program didn't put in our health insurance coverage, had our state refund amount wrong, etc.  Frustrating and I'd prefer to get a refund and have them redone with an accountant.  

Please contact TT Support for assistance:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Why do I have to pay $29.99 just to print my 2014 Taxes?  

You can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS: http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


I'm getting an email from this company saying the card was reported stolen, then it couldn't be delivered to my address, which is correct. Just wondering what is going on.  

It could be a phishing email  looking for your banking information. You can send the email to spoof@intuit.com.No one here on this open forum knows what you did on your tax return, look on the filing instructions that you did on the pdf copy of your tax return.  


I was using turno deluxe  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing your return if the current e-file status is No Record Found - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901520-no-record-found-when-looking-up-your-e-file-status-at-turb...  


I appreciate the help  

TT refund dates are just estimates.  Check the IRS website. 


I dont want my credit card to be charged for this.  

Youll need to phone TurboTax Support for any fee/billing issues.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?  


Hi. I have a very unique situation that I could use some help with. I have been asked to submit form 1095-A and Form 8962. Here is what the situation is: I was an independent filer for 2015 and was not claimed by my parents. I had health insurance through my employer all year long. For some reason I was enrolled in my Parents Obamacare plan for the month of January 2015. The monthly premium amount was: 1096.60, the monthly premium amount of second lowest cost silver plan was 1040.33 and the monthly advance payment of tax credit was 770.00. I am very confused in filling out the info when I try to amend the return in turbo tax. It asks if it was a shared policy, I hit yes and I enter my fathers details. Then it asks for Your Premium Percentage, Your SLCSP Percentage, and Your Advanced payment of PTC Percentage. I have absolutely no idea how to calculate this, or if I am doing this properly. Any guidance will me much appreciated! Thanks.  

Since you didnt pay any of the premiums and your parents have probably taken the entire advance credit ( you can ask them ) then your % for all 3 places would be Zero.  


i submitted my taxes in feb. i still can not get any information. why is it taking so long to even find any details?  

Try the South Carolina DORs Taxpayer Advocate Service to see if they can assist you in at least finding out some info, if not expediting the process.   Here is the contact info:https://dor.sc.gov/contact/taxpayer-advocate  


I filed on March 28th and still no return. "Track my refund" does not give a reason why it has been delayed. When I call the IRS the recording tells me there are too many incoming calls and hangs up. Is there anyone at all that I can speak with that has some answers?  

Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


It's been over six weeks and I haven't heard anything about my refund I had to file this way because someone filed a fraudulent return  

duplicate post  


I filed with turbo tax last year but its not on my time line  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need all of my last 5 years of tax returns . Is turbo tax able to fax me any of the returns i have done through them from 2010 until today  

TurboTax cannot fax your returns to you.  However, you should be able to access copies of your returns as long as you know the login information.  Please see instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you need further assistance, please contact TurboTax Customer Support by using the info below during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I paid it by check but now I'm faced with paying late fees I don't believe I should pay.  Never had issues with bank account before using Turbo-Tax.  Please advise.  

**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal  cover sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\n\n\n\n\nIf you did set up the direct debit correctly when the return was timely filed then you can use that information to dispute the penalties & fees in a response to the IRS notice.  


Notified that refund was sent to bank on 4/11/2016.  As of today, not depositedMy research reveals that I did not enter Bank routing info correctly.  Contacted bank and have the new information..  How do I get this situation corrected?  

The bank would have bounced the deposit back to the IRS, and then the IRS would have mailed you a check.  


I've followed the directions to upgrade and when I get to the screen I need to upgrade the "Plus" and "deluxe" options are grayed out.  

You cannot upgrade to a lower version ... you already have the Deluxe version so your only option to upgrade are the Premier or H & B.  


Do i only send voucher 1040V? And why does it say 3.314$ and not 8931 $?  

Ignore ALL the vouchers ... you dont use any when you have a balance due on a form 1040X. Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Since we don't know why it was rejected and we still have not received anything, what should we do.   Does the IRS keep a record of the rejection?  Should we attempt to efile?  Should we call and find out why it has taken so long.  We sent the return via certified mail.  Thank you.  

Duplicate post  


I was wondering if I was suppose to print out and send the paperwork myself but I thought Turbo tax did that for me as I added my bank account information.  

The response from the IRS on the acceptance or rejection of the Installment agreement can take 2 months or more however you are allowed to make payments until they do to reduce your balance due.https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


Why are you holding onto our money?  

Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since NC cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps.\n\n\n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.  


I received corrected two 1099-B from Wells Fargo on April 29, 2016, well past the April 15 deadline.  Please let me know what I need to do at this point.  Sincerely,  Blesilda Battiato  

Unfortunately, once you\ntransmit your return you cannot change it or get it back. You would\nhave to wait until your return gets rejected or accepted.  If\nrejected, you can make your changes or add information to your return. If\naccepted, you would need to amend your return to correct or add\ninformation to your return. \n\nIf you need to amend your\nreturn and youre amending to claim more money, the IRS says to wait until\nyouve received your original refund before filing an amendment. Once youve\nreceived your original refund, feel free to cash or spend it while your\namendment gets processed (this can take 1216 weeks). 3 weeks after you mailed your\namendment, you can start tracking its progress at the IRS Wheres My Amended\nReturn? site.\n\nMore information regarding\namending a return can be found below: \n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhat does it mean to\namend a return?\n\n        \nDo I Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill amending delay my original tax\nrefund?\n\n        \nWhat is the deadline for filing an\namended return?\n\n           Can I e-file my 1040X\nto amend my return?  


How do you create the 2016 1099-R in TurboTax Permier 2015? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3226218  

You should receive a 2016 1099-R next year with a code "PJ" in box 7, the total returned contribution ($6,100) in box 1 and any taxable earnings ($600)  in box 2a.You could report it now and indicate, when the interview asks, that it is a 2016 1099-R and not a 2015, which will make code "P" taxable in 2015 and not 2014.   The you can then ignore the real 1099R when it comes.  


I was able to it last year but was unable to do so this year.  I continue to use my car for work.  

\n\nYou\ncan claim deductible business auto/truck expenses in one of two ways.\n\n\nIRS\n     Mileage Rate:  You can claim\n     business miles times the IRS mileage rate. IRS mileage rates for business\n     activities are $0.56/mile in 2014 and $.575/mile in 2015. You can add\n     parking and tolls to the mileage rate.\nActual\n     Cost: You can claim your actual costs including depreciation times the\n     percentage that you use your car for business. Actual costs would include\n     gas, oil, insurance, repairs, etc. Payments on a note would not be\n     deductible. The cost of the vehicle would be deducted through depreciation\n     instead (or lease payments if you lease it.)\n\n\nWhere\nto Deduct: \n\n\nIf you are\n     an employee, they are a miscellaneous itemized deduction. Miscellaneous\n     itemized deductions are only available if you qualify to itemize and only\n     to the extent that they exceed 2% of your Adjusted Gross Income.\n     Example:  If your Adjusted Gross\n     Income is $50,000, only miscellaneous itemized deductions over $1,000 are\n     deductible. Because of this, many items deductible as miscellaneous\n     itemized deductions have no tax value because the taxpayer doesnt\n     itemize, or because they are lost in the 2% of adjusted gross income limitation.\nIf you are\n     self-employed, these expenses would be business expenses on Schedule C.\n\n\n  


How do I import my ItsDeductible information  

1. Click on Federal Taxes2. Click on Deductions & Credits, if prompted, please click Continue3. Check your list for Import from ItsDeductible Online, if listed, click on Start/Edit, otherwise, please continue4. If it is not listed, click on Check for other tax breaks, then Jump to full list5. Scroll down to Charitable Donations and click on Show more6. Click on Start/Edit next to Import from ItsDeductible Online  


IRS accepted my federal return back on February 9th submitted by TurboTax however IRS had it pending. We called the IRS and they stated that they cant validate the employer and wage and need a copy of the W2 to validate. How can I send my W2 over to the IRS?  

You need to get a copy of your W-2 from your employer if you dont have one.  The IRS notice should have instructions on how to mail it to them.  


still have not gotton step daughters refund  

What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check here. \n  


I need to upgrade to Plus just so I can print my 2014 return. I did not file my 2015 taxes with Turbo Tax. All of the instructions to do it do not make sense because I did not file with them.  

You dont have to finish and file a 2015 online return.  If your 2014 return is locked, you have to pay for a 2015 online product to unlock it.  The minimum purchase is Free Edition upgraded to PLUS (29.99).   NOTE:  Before starting a return and paying, be certain you are in the same account as the locked returns. i.e., that  you can at least see evidence of the prior return in the Tax Timeline for that  year.Heres how to start a 2015 online return and immediately pay for it:\nLog in and begin a 2015 online return in Free Edition. You dont have to enter very much at all.  \n\nOnce the return has been started, click at the top on the Upgrade link and upgrade to PLUS.\nThen you have to pay for your purchase.  To do that, the return must be open (if not already open.)   \nThen click on MY ACCOUNT at the top and then PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return..  (yes, you have to choose this years in order to pay.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n  


I'm signed in to my turbo tax account and cant find any record of my 2015 taxes or refund amounts.  I know I did them, as I already received one of my refunds.  I want to find out how much the other one is; I dont remember.  Shouldnt I be able to see this info in my account?  

When\nyou log in, see if there is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.  \nClicking that should take you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf\nit acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have\nmultiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.\n\nUse\nthe tool below to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each\nemail address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters. 


I filed paper form 4868 extension of time to file 2015 taxes, with no additional payment required. Separately I made a 2016 first quarter estimated tax payment thru EFTPS. Now I am completing my 2015 tax return on TurboTax. Where do I enter the 2016 first quarter estimated payment?  

A first quarter 2016 estimated tax payment (due April 18, 2016) is reported next year on a 2016 return.  It is a payment toward 2016 taxes, not the 2015 taxes.At EFTPS, did you indicate it as a 2016 payment?  


I made a Roth IRA contribution in September 2015.  Thanks to TurboTax Deluxe, in April 2016 I learned this was an excess contribution which, if left as is, would cost me penalties.  I then told Turbotax to recharacterize my excess Roth contribution as a regular IRA contribution, but before filing, I learned about the tax implications and ongoing filing requirements involved due to the fact that I would have mixed nondeductible and deductible contributions in my regular IRA.  Not a good situation, so I balked.  Instead, my IRA custodian moved the funds plus earnings to a regular (non-IRA) account.  (I also filed for an extension.)The problem is with the earnings.  IRS pub. 590-A says on page 45 The earnings are considered earned and received in the year the excess contribution was made.  i.e., 2015, even though I received the earnings in April 2016.  Instructions for form 5329 line 23 imply the same thing, but when they invoke see Form 8606 for details, it doesnt seem to fit exactly.  Online searches yield different opinions, but overall, reporting the earnings in 2015 seems most likely to be the requirement.Unfortunately, I cant seem to make TurboTax take this into account.  In the deductions and credits interview I entered the contribution, and later I entered the withdrawal amount, which was the contribution plus the earnings.  Turbotax flagged this as an error that I saw when looking at forms view, but did nothing else.  To get rid of the flag, I entered a withdrawal equal to the contribution, which TurboTax seemed to like, but nowhere am I being prompted to enter the earnings.Further, my custodian says they will not report said earnings until Jan-Feb 2017, so I dont know how to even manually enter these earnings, or whether theyre cap gains, interest, long term gains...?  Logic, TurboTax, and my IRA custodian all seem to be dictating that Id report the earnings with on 2016 tax return, but the IRS says otherwise.  Please help, Im stuck!THANKS!!!  

your earnings will be ordinary income, reported on Line 15b.If you cant get the number from your custodian, youll have to file an amended return when the 1099-R arrives.but you can get the number. it is amount moved - amount contributed. youll have to make up a virtual  1099-R. put the earnings in the taxable amount box.  


My 1120S for Y2015 was accepted via TT Biz on 4/13.  IRS slammed $195 penalty for late filing. I don't see the date/time it was accepted. How can I get this proof?  

Generally, an S corporation must file Form 1120S by the 15th day of the 3rd month after the end of its tax year. For calendar year corporations, the 2015 due date was March 15, 2016.  


no  

Go to Deductions and Credits, and down to Other Deductions and Credits, Alimony Paid. Delete anything that appears there. 


We have 3 exemptions total, and I'm pretty sure he has to claim himself, and I claim the other 2, but I want to make sure I do this correctly.  

You should file as an Married filing jointly couple with you submitting the injured spouse report so that your income and withholding are not considered for the offset. form 8379.  Search for injured spouse in search box.If you file separately you will not be eligible for some credits and deductions.  


I filed my personal taxes with TT Deluxe.  I am also a managing partner of a 2-partner LLC.  Will my subscription allow me to fill out a Form 1065 for this partnership LLC?  

No.  You need TurboTax Business - not Home & Business - to create a Form 1065.Tom Young  


It says that my federal return has been accepted already so why isn't the money on there yet?  

That is not unusual. The card comes from the issuing bank and the refund comes from the IRS. Check the IRS where is my refund site to see what stage your refund is in. https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS says it has been issued then call the number on the card to see if they have received it. 


Looking for capital gains input.I am selling a chimerical building.Original basis is 75k.Sale price is 135k.Capital gain is 60k.When talking about re-investment or net proceeds, are we referring to the gain of 60k? Or the 135k minus the expenses of sale?Any comments and suggestions would be appreciated.(These are general numbers)  

http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/net+proceeds  


when I print it shows amended but I received an answer to my previous question indicating to just make the changes on the initial return in which I thought I was doing.  

Go to the List of Forms, select Form 1040X and delete it.  


I filed my extension through mail and not through TurboTax.  

If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid  


The return was E-filed with Turbo Tax  

Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040  


Its Been  two months , And i havent recieved My state refund !!  What can i do ?  

You can contact your state Dept of Revenue https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenueHave you been able to trace your refund on the state site? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundAre you certain that you filed your state? It is a separate filing step from the federal. Your status should show when you log into your account. Check Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or rejected.  - Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.- It will tell you when you E-filed- The electronic filing date 


How do I find out when I'll get my refund?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


I work for a casino in Indiana, the company is making all non-residents amend their returns for the last 3 years & file IT-40RNR forms in Indiana. I live in Ohio: how do i account for taxes already paid to OH on it? I see no line oe option to do so, indicating either no action ( other than including a 1040 copy) ... OR am I to insanely come up with $1000s to pay IN in full and have to amend OH taxes for 3 years now requesting an additional refund, and hope to get it back? Need to know 100% ASAP. thanksI was given the 40rnr form by my employer to complete. I DID have local taxes withheld and did credit them to Cincinnati city wage taxes, but no IN state taxes.  Oddly, YES we MUST file it with the state or lose our jobs! refund or not, they want it documented apparently.  It makes no sense to me whats-so-ever but we HAVE to do it so i need to get it right - and of course - we have no help to do so.  

After further review: It appears that your employer failed to withhold county tax and now wants you to pay it, rather than him.  As I read form IT-40RNR, there is no where to pay IN state tax, because you do not owe any. There is only a place to calculate county tax. There is also a place to enter any county withholding, so you may end up owing nothing. What you paid OH is not relevant, so it does not get entered anywhere. If you had IN STATE withholding, you can also get that refunded, by filing form IT-40RNR.The form seems simple enough and you should be able to do it by hand. I dont think you want to try to tackle it in TurboTax  


If I setup direct deposit for my payment plan to the IRS shouldn't I have already been charged for the first payment?  I don't see any charges relating to the IRS in my bank acccount.  

If you selected a direct DEBIT for taxes you owe, you can call this number to inquire about the debit and if it was actually scheduled or not:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Pay-Taxes-by-Electronic-Funds-WithdrawalCancellations, Errors and Questions:\nIn the event Treasury causes an incorrect amount of funds to be withdrawn from a bank account, Treasury will return any improperly transferred funds.\nOnce your return is accepted, information pertaining to your payment, such as account information, payment date, or amount, cannot be changed. If changes are needed, the only option is to cancel the payment and choose another payment method.\n\nCall IRS e-file Payment Services 24/7 at 1-888-353-4537 to inquire about or cancel your payment, but please wait 7 to 10 days after your return was accepted before calling.\nCancellation requests must be received no later than 11:59 p.m. ET two business days prior to the scheduled payment date.\nIf a payment is returned by your financial institution (e.g., due to insufficient funds, incorrect account information, closed account, etc.) the IRS will mail a Letter 4870 to the address we have on file for you, explaining why the payment could not be processed, and providing alternate payment options.\nIn the event your financial institution is unable to process your payment request, you will be responsible for making other payment arrangements, and for any penalties and interest incurred.\nContact your financial institution immediately if there is an error in the amount withdrawn\n\n  


The bank account details I provided weren't correct, so how do I pay the CA state tax now?  

Go to the FTB website for options:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/index.shtml?disabled=true  


Are tax returns backed up anywhere on TurboTax's computers??  

If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf  


Purchased from Costco and I don't want to open it if it is too late.  

Yes, the 2015 program can still be used and will be updatable for at least 3 years.    It has both Windows and MAC versions on the CD.What OS will you be using and what version?If MAC, see these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901272-how-do-i-install-the-turbotax-software-for-macMAC requires OS X v. 10.9 (64-bit)  or higher (but may work with 10.7 or 10.8).https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920594-what-happens-if-i-install-turbotax-2015-on-mac-os-x-10-7-o...MAC system requirements:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899173-minimum-system-requirements-for-turbotax-mac-software  


Please advise.  

Any account-specific fee issues would need to be handled by TurboTax Customer Support.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The time frame ended May 4th.  The 4th was not with me...  

The 21 day time frame is only a target given by the IRS. Many tax returns take longer than 21 days to process. You should track your return status on the IRS web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html 


I filed my return on 4/14/2016.I lost my previous SSn w/o middle name.The SSA issued me another SSN with middle name last 2015 thats why I used the one with middle name.Now how long will it take to process my refund.  

A middle name doesnt effect a tax return as the IRS only looks at the first 4 letters of the last name.  


I see tons of info on how to use the tools option that is only available if you are already logged into the 2014 software. Why shouldn't you fix the request even popping up!!!!  

To contact TurboTax (TT) support: \n\n 8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp If you used the free edition of TT, you cannot get copies of your past returns for free. TT considers that an additional service  


I had no knowledge that I owed RITA taxes.  Just received a small claims notice that a RITA municipality is attempting to collect taxes owed for 2008 and 2009.  I am aware that the municipality has 3 years after the tax is due or the return is filed, whichever is later to pursue a civil action--however, I did not file a RITA return and need to know if the 3 year statute of limitations starts from the date I timely filed that Federal and state tax returns or whether there is no statute of limitations on the RITA taxes, since I did not file a RITA return for 2008 and 2009.  

In general the three year rule applies to errors to your return and not for failure to file. RITA is an administration unit. Each municipality, that RITA collects taxes for, has its own ordinance.  You will have to check your citys ordinance. For example, mine (Fairborn) has a 5 year statute of limitations for failure to file. See https://www.ritaohio.com/municipalities/rita-rules-and-regulations/ 


I bought the software so I could do my taxes but the software 2011 home and business is missing a lot of forms such as 1040, state (colorado) cant download and schedule C and probably more.  

This is probably stupid, but did you update the tax forms? There are always updates for every tax year.  


For example, my bank and W2 information was imported.  Is there a way to print those documents to submit paper copies to a State Requesting it  

TurboTax only imports the information contained in the forms, it doesnt keep a copy of the forms themselves.   If you dont have copies of the original forms, youll need to request copies from the places that issued them to you.  Or you can request copies from IRS, but that could take quite some time to become available to send to you.  


My credit card is US but my foreign address is listed how do I pay without state and zipcode  

See the information below for TurboTax payment options.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082A credit card must have a US billing address.  If none of the payment options are available to you, the best suggestion Id have is that you contact a friend or family member for permission to use their credit card with a US billing address.  Then you can reimburse that person for the fees.  


I'm in Ireland, so I'll be taxed as an American and apparently I get all of the Irish tax I'm paying back.  

Yes,\nyou can do this using TurboTax. If you are including\nthe full amount of your foreign wages on your US income tax return and if you\npay foreign taxes on these wages, you will be allowed an offset for these\nforeign taxes on your US tax return.\n\nIf you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability.\n\n \n\n Here are the IRS rules ....  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf\n\n \n\nIf you do not have a\nIRS W-2 from a foreign company then you do not enter the form you received in\nthe W-2 section.  You enter the income as Foreign Earned Income.\n\n        \nClick on Federal Taxes\n\n        \nClick on Wages and\nIncome\n\n        \nClick on Ill choose\nwhat I work on\n\n        \nScroll down to Less\nCommon Income\n\n        \nOn Foreign Earned\nIncome and Exclusion, click the start or update button\n\nSee this TurboTax\nsupport FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-how-do-i-report-foreign-income\n\n \n\n  


I sent the amended tax forms some weeks ago.  

This is TurboTax not the IRS, TurboTax has no way of knowing about the process of your return.  An amended return must be mailed and can take 8 to 16 weeks to be processed.\n\nYou can track\nthe status of your Federal amended\nreturn using the IRS website Wheres My Amended Return or you can call\n1-866-464-2050, (You need to wait about\n3 weeks from the date you mailed your amended return for information to\nshow up in their system).\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


I need to obtain my 2014 tax return and its been so complicated to figure out how to pay for the upgrade so I can get my tax papers already. Can I please get some help on this?  

To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Not able retrieve my 2014 returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


cannot find it  

See the following:http://kff.org/interactive/subsidy-calculator/  


i need this document its very important  

To pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I am confused, since when I start my personal taxes I have chosen personal and business. So not sure what combination should I use.  

Sorry no, TurboTax Business (not to be confused with the Home & Business version) cannot prepare 1040 returns.  You need one of TurboTaxs personal versions.Personal Desktop versions (CD/Download)https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/-----------------------------------Personal Online versions:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  


It shows a worksheet for the corporation and is requesting name and number.  I think it was started because I hit the edit button on the screen related to K-1 income.  When I go back it won't let me delete that screen.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4801245  


I started my application and I am not happy with the service. It is not tailored to fit my situation and very unhelpful and a waste of money. I want to cancel my application and complete account with TurboTax. Thank you.  

Sorry you are having trouble with the software.  This is a user to user forum, no one here can access your information.  You can use the Clear option to clear any information you have entered.  Then you can let the account go dormant, TurboTax will purge any accounts that have not filed a return or been paid for when they shutdown the 2015 Online version in October.\n\nTo clear your Online return: (you will not be able to clear your\nreturn if you have paid for the program or filed your return)\n\n- Have your\nreturn open in TurboTax\n\n- click on My\nAccount at the top of the screen\n\n- click on Clear\n& Start over \n\n- If you dont want to start over just close your browser\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online  


I was told I can not file electronically because I did not receive a w-2 from my employer. I have a substitute for it and finally learned after paying turbotax $29.99 to file my state taxes that I can only file by mail.  It will not allow me to only file state electronically, I must file both or none.  I was unable to use the service I had already paid for.  How do I get my $29.99 back?  

The $29.99 was for the State return (with the Free Edition), not to e-file.  With the Online version there is no charge for e-filing, the price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return.  The charge is for the returns.  


I received a print out of my tax return and understood my taxes were filed. When I checked status they were not and apparently never submitted. What do I do?  

Submit them now. If you have a refund, there is no penalty for late filing. If you owe taxes, the sooner you file and pay what is owed, the lower your penalties and interest for late filing will be.  


i got accepted by turbo tax on april 16th. i did the installment and I put $10000 for the min pay, then afterward $1000 each month. i paid california tax separately and they cashed my money already. how about federal? i don't mind to keep my $10000 in my bank for few more months but it's ignoring that i can't use it ....  

apparently you requested an installment payment plan.  However, there is a maximum time period allowed to fully pay the taxes.  if you go beyond that the IRS may reject the payment plan in which case you will get a letter from the irs which could take 6 to 8 weeks.  Could your return have other problems that TT can not diagnose such as interest, dividend or other income reported to the IRS but not on your return.  There is also the possibility of identity theft where some stole your tax payments.  Contact the IRS by phone to check on whats happening.  


Why haven't I gotten my federal taxes back yet? It's been three weeks already?  

No one at TT can speed up the IRS.  Try the Tax Advocate:https://www.irs.gov/Advocate  


It says it is updating but it isn't.  

There were some issues with some early versions of the software, depending on what version you purchased.1)  Make sure you install as Administrator.2)  shut down the software, then re-start it and make sure you run the software updates before attempting to download the state software.3)....if #2 doesnt work, go to the following page and download...and Install... the manual update for 2014 (link is lower downs on the page)...then try againhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901192-manually-update-turbotax-for-windows-software-basic-deluxe...4) still a No-Go?...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


IRS Treas 310 deposited to my checking account and was more than what Turbo Tax said I should receive on my return ?  

Only the IRS knows why. They will send you a letter within a couple of weeks explaining the reason for the adjustment in your refund.  


I would like to be refunded for the amount I paid for direct deposit since my return is now being mailed by check  

There is no charge for Direct Deposit, with the Online version the charge is for the returns.  OR: If you had your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, there is an additional charge of $34.99 for that service, which is charged by the bank that handles the transaction, it is not a Direct Deposit fee.If there was a problem depositing your refund into your bank account for some reason, your refund is automatically switched to be received by check (by the IRS, State, or the bank that handles the Refund Processing fee)  


My mother supported me all last year. I was diagnosed with bipolar 1, borderline personality disorder and addiction. Is it possible that she can get a deduction for me when she files her taxes this year?  

You may qualify as her dependent.\n\nTo\nbe a dependent as a qualifying relative, in addition to being a citizen of the\nUS or a resident of the US, Canada or Mexico:\n\n\nyou must\n     provide more than 1/2 of  their\n     support,\nthey must\n     not earn more than $4,000 in 2015 in gross income subject to tax (social\n     security doesnt count).\nthey must\n     not file a joint return with another\nIf not an\n     actual relative, they must live with you all 365 days of the year, and\nthey must\n     not be a qualifying child of another taxpayer\n\n\n 


Please, someone, answer me.  I lost my job and I need the money.  

Sorry, but only the IRS can answer your question. You\nmight try contacting IRS Taxpayer Advocates Office. Ive found them helpful\non amended returns. They work through the mail and arent a quick fix, but they\ndo resolve problems. Their contact information is here:  http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateWhat is the problem with America today?The problem with the IRS is decreasing staff due to several years in a row of budget cuts despite additional work due to the affordable Care Act.  Were getting the best service from the IRS that the Congress is willing to pay for.  Unfortunately, they arent willing to pay much.\n\n 


need to speak to someone now  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I already filed my federal, how can I go back and file my state tax?  

Did you efile the federal?  You have to wait until the federal has been accepted.  Or if you mailed the federal you have also mail the state.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5269973  


I had custody of a minor for 8 months last year. Is their a form that I need to file with my taxes to claim a partial dependent deducation?  

Sorry, but there is no such thing as a partial dependent.  The dependent is claimed for the entire year by the parent with whom the child lived more than 182 days in 2015.  If not your child or relative, the child must live with you all 365 days of the year.  


I only received $501.93, WHY?  

Accepted means accepted/received for processing. The IRS can still change something on your return.  


that I need a code, tried that..rejected, HELP you have my money, I have rejection!  

Sometimes the best response for multiple rejects\nis to just print the darn thing and file on paper.  You will probably get your refund faster and\nwont have the frustration of trying to get the IRS to timely correct their\ndatabase.  


I filed an amended tax return two weeks back now i am trying to retrieve that document again by signing in and try to look for federal tax under taxes but its not there. How can see or print the amended tax return i printed 2 weeks ago.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x  


The check wasmailed yesterday.  

If a check was mailed, it will come to you directly, not to the bank.  


I started my 2014 CA State Return, and it shows up on my TurboTax timeline, but I can't access it to finish filing or make changes. Help?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3118321-transfer-online-data-to-desktop-incomplete-return-2015Contact Turbotax during their business hours M-F  8-5 Pacific time if you paid the CA fees for 2014. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  if needed.  


Where do I find it?  

The voucher 1040-V is helpful but not mandatory.Be sure to make your check payable to US Treasury and write your SSN and For tax 2015 on the check.ORVisit www.irs.gov to pay by phone, or by Direct Pay.  


I have been trying to file our 2015 federal taxes for the past two weeks and keep getting a question about our 2014 NH state taxes.  Why is this relevant now?  

what is the question about your 2014 NH taxes that you are getting?  


I did not receive a receipt for the deductions against my return.  I am applying for a loan and need this to explain difference in return and deposited amount.  Need ASAP  

To view your fees/receipt for your 2015 tax return prepared and filed using TurboTax, you can log into your TurboTax Online account, click on Taxes, then on My Tax Timeline, then Get Order Details. Remember to add state sales tax to the total fees.  


Warning reads: Net capital loss carry forward amounts, used to calculate the Capital Gains Deduction, have changed this year. Please review your amounts for the years affected to ensure the correct amount is being used. Under Taxable Capital Gains (which comes up if I click Applies to Me, the 2014 taxable gains (from line 199 of Schedule 3) have been entered by the program from my last years taxes, but its not showing line 199 of Schedule 3 for 2013. So do I just enter line 199 of Schedule 3 for 2013 or do I just disregard this warning, since I did not sell any funds this year and am not trying to carry forward a capital loss?  

Are you referring to energy credits. The credit for qualified hybrid vehicles ended on December 31, 2010. Any acquisitions after January 1, 2011 are not eligible for this credit. See: http://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/article/0,,id=203122,00.htmlSome states may have credits available in 2011. A summary of state hybrid tax credits (from a non-Intuit source) is here: http://www.hybridcars.com/local-incentives/region-by-region.html  


NJ return  

The IRS doesnt deposit your state return, your state Department of Revenue does.  Depositing your state refund has no effect on the IRS depositing your federal return.  Apparently, the IRS is just a (hopefully) few days slower.  


I sent in my return before the deadline, but it got sent back to me because I forgot to sign it. If I sent back the signed (amended) return after the 4/18/16 deadline, will I be charged a penalty?  

If your original tax return that was mailed to the IRS was sent back because it was unsigned, you just sign and date the return and mail it back to the IRS.  An amended return is only used if the original return was accepted by the IRS and the original return has to be changed.  Your original return was never accepted by the IRS since it was unsigned.If your return has a tax refund there is no penalty for filing a return with a tax refund after the due date.If your return has taxes owed, then there will be a late payment penalty along with interest on the unpaid taxes.  


need the contact number  

Review this TurboTax support FAQ on the Refund\nProcessing Service you requested when having your TurboTax account fees\ndeducted from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...\n\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced\nor offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax\nfees, youll receive a Request\nfor Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can\npay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame\nspecified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days\nafter your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for\nyour TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS releases\nyour refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct\nyour TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\nAnd -\n\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund\nProcessing Agreement:\n\nIn\naddition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically\nsign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the\nTurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable\nsales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in\nthe event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for\nthem.\n\n \n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


We are planing to transfer a title to a residential house located in the Czech Republic, (Europe) from my daughter to myself. We both have US citizenship. My daughter lives and works in the Czech Republic and does not file US taxes since about 2008. I live in California and I file US taxes. Are there any taxes due on this transaction or filing requirements? Does my daughter have to file the form 709? The value of the property is over $200 000, however I have rights to live in the property to the end of my life or even rent it out and use the income for myself.  

If your daughter gives you property she is required to file a Gift Tax Return Form 709 


I recommended TurboTax to 3 people who did file with you.  When can I expect the Amazon gift?  (second request)  

Contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a Support agent concerning this issue.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I used TurboTax and only filed Federal at the time (stupid I know) ... I now need to ONLY file 2014 state ... what is the best way to do this?  

If you use Turbotax you will have to buy the 2014 program cd or download and recreate the federal return to transfer to your state.Or you can go to the state dept of revenue site for your location and download the blank forms.Make sure you use the 2014 forms for prior year. You will probably need to print a copy of the federal return and send with your state return-it depends on the state requirements.  


The return is not that much so wondering why it is taking so long when we have never had an issue with the length of time to receive.  

Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay, but last years Identity Theft may mean it is being examined manually.  


IRS seems to only deliver transcripts that will display yearly income. Just looking for a letter stating that I filed my income taxes without disclosing details.  

How about just redacting the transcript that the IRS sends you?  


I choose to have Turbo Tax to take the fee out of refund  

TT refund dates are only estimates. Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  


I still have not received my refund, CA Tax site says it require additional processing. I have not recd any letters from CA Tax. Any idea why submission dates are different ?  

The IRS does not get your state tax return, only your Federal one. 


I didn't put my school tax form on my taxes should I would that get me the learning credits?  

There is no additional fee to amend a tax return originally prepared using Turbotax unless you are required to upgrade to enter the change on the amended return.  


This wouldnt be such a big issue if the IRS could at least give a date, anything, but no info on my file. And I cant contact the IRS because Im not in the states right now.  

No website can push the IRS to work faster.You can contact the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center by phone or fax. The International Call Center is operational Monday through Friday, from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time):Tel: 267-941-1000 (not toll-free)Fax: 267-941-1055  


My federal tax refund is being held for review because of a mistake TurboTax made.  In short, you entered estimated tax I paid on Line 64.  It should have been entered on Line 65.  Do you care?  

It worked correctly when I (another user) tested it as well. To enter Estimated Taxes Paid:\n\nFederal Taxes tab (Personal in the Home & Business version)\nDeductions and Credits\n\nIll Choose What I Work On or Continue (whichever shows up)\nscroll to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\nthen, Estimates\n\nMake sure to read carefully the types and years for the payments you enter.  


Specifically--can i file single since he has no responsibility toward US taxes or tax law?  

Your options are:!.  Married Filing Separately (spouse is not required to have an SSN or ITIN)2. Married Filing Separately & claiming an exemption for the Spouse (spouse must obtain an ITIN and have no U.S. income of any kind)3.  Head of Household, if you have a dependent child who lives with you and you pay more than half of the household expenses  (Child must be a US citizen (or resident) and have an SSN or ITIN)You cannot file as Single.  You could file as Married Filing Jointly, but that would subject your Spouses entire income to U.S. taxation.  


THE LETTER SAYS I CAN ONLY PAY THIS BY USING A BANK ACCOUNT OR CREDIT CARD. WHY CAN'T I SEND A MONEY ORDER?  

Did you ask to have your TT fees deducted from your Federal refund, and has that refund been delayed?You can buy a prepaid card at a store, and use that to pay the fees.  


I am a US citizen, and my spouse is a non-resident alien. I sell shares at a loss, and my spouse acquires substantially identical shares within the wash sale window, so I cannot claim the loss. If I had purchased the shares myself, I would get to add the loss to the cost base of the purchased shares. If my spouse were a US resident, he could get to add the loss to his cost base. Since neither is true, am I out of luck in recovering the loss though a cost base adjustment?  

The answer to your issue is not clear.  The IRS has stated it believes a stock sold by one spouse at a loss and purchased within the restricted time period by the other spouse is a wash sale.  However, different courts have reached different conclusions especially when the spouses had separate accounts and acted independently.were the sale and purchase made in different accounts and did each of you act independently?if yes, you may want to take the position there was no wash sale.  to protect yourselves, you may want to add a statement to your return describing what took place and your reason for treating the transaction the way you did. it you report it as a wash sale it is also unclear as to whether or not the non-deductible loss can be added to your husbands basis. If his income is not reported for US tax purposes, which I assume is the case, then the basis adjustment issue is moot.  There is a case where a taxpayer sold securities at a loss and immediately repurchased them in an IRA.  The court disallowed the loss and would not allow the the basis of the IRA to be increased for the loss.  


How do I get TT to figure the SEP contribution\ninto my taxes?  

As indicated in the comments, TurboTax calculated Form 1040 line 28 correctly. 


I had my state taxs mailed. I did not receive my refund. When I checked, I noticed that TT had not entered the bank account number or checked the check box to receive a check. What can I do to get me return now?  

You said you had your state taxes mailed.  TurboTax does not mail taxes for you.  Did you print and mail them in yourself?  If not, do so now.  


email from TPG: Please direct any processing fee questions or disputes to the transmitting company you used to file your income tax return. You can contact the transmitter of your tax return via the Customer Support number provided on their web site.  

This is just a user discussion forum. You need to call TT Support.Simply click here to submit your question. Use the term billing.Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.  


I need to find the wire transfer details in my file  

Do you mean your direct deposit info?  The IRS does not do wire transfers.  Go to the File tab in your Federal return.  


I did pay for the e-file.  I have never received my State before my Federal even when you e-file.  Could you please help me on this.  You have the 4th marked as when I would get it and I still do not have it.  Can you please help me with?  

TT refund dates are just estimates.  And there is no charge to efile.  


When I filed my return, there was a pop up that said a health insurance rebate form would display once the return was sent.  That I might be eligible for the rebate to apply.  I never saw the form and cannot find it.  Any help?  

That pop up would have just linked you to the ACA marketplace ...  https://www.healthcare.gov/exemptions-tool/#/  


PFIC reporting was supported by TurboTax a few years ago, but has since disappeared.  How do people report sales of non US mutual funds that are held in their foreign country of residence?  

See here:http://thunfinancial.com/why-americans-should-never-ever-own-shares-in-a-non-us-incorporated-mutual-... 


Business school tuition is >$150k paid over two years and is not mandatory to my current job but will increase my performance and value to the company.  I will be continuing to work for the company while attending school.  

\n\nYour employer is allowed to give you up to $5250, per year tax free. Anything over that is to be included in box 1 of your W-2 as imputed income.If you were reimbursed more than $5250, and the excess is included on your W-2, you may count the excess in claiming the Education credit on your tax return.\n\n  


The side bar says she owes $576 while the timeline says she's getting back $488.  It's very confusing and I'd like to clear all of this and restart it.  

Glad you got it fixed. 


Why there is "penalty" if any. How come there is no refund?  

The United States income tax system is a pay as you go system.  Most people pay as they go by having taxes withheld from paychecks but if you have a significant amount of income from which taxes are not withheld - dividends, interest, capital gains, independent contractor revenue, etc. - then you must make estimated tax payments on more or less a quarterly basis.  Otherwise you can be considered underpaid and incur underpayment penalties.From you statement it appears that you did incur underpayment penalties and had TurboTax calculate that penalty.  It appears that the IRS did a recalculation and came up with a penalty that was $44 less that you submitted on your income tax return.  If you sent in your income tax return with a check for the sum of line 78 - Amount you owe - plus line 79 - Estimated tax penalty -  then you should receive a refund.  If you only paid the IRS the line 78 amount then the IRS is telling you that the underpayment penalty is less than estimated on your income tax return and you need to pay the lesser amount.Tom Young  


Does the business file taxes separately? If we file a 1065 do the K1 schedules look exactly the same?  

You file a partnership return for the partnership and an individual return for the both of you.The Schedules K-1 would look the same if you are equal partners, have equal capital contributions, take equal draws, etc.  


My efile got rejected because i was already claimed on another return.  i am 19.  Im trying to uncheck myself as a dependant upon myself and i can not find how to uncheck myself.  

Go back to the Personal info tab and edit yourself to change that answer.  


I filed 1 day ago. Found lost W-2.  

You will have to amend your return to add it to an already filed tax return. If your return is rejected by the IRS, you can correct the problem and fix the reason for rejection and re-efile your return. If your return is accepted by the IRS, you must prepare, print, sign and mail an amended tax return form 1040X to correct the problem. DO NOT change your original tax return until you start the amended return. If you have already changed it from the way it was originally filed and accepted, you must change it back before you start the amended return. Wait until you receive the refund from your original return before beginning your amended return to make sure you enter the correct amount. Here is an FAQ to help you:                                                                  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


Not sure if my bank information was incorrect?  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPGs bank, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 


It has been a month since the IRS accepted my return and I still have not received my refund (I opted for direct deposit). I called the IRS today and thankfully was able to speak with someone. Their representative told me there was missing information on my return but he could not access anything that told him what was missing. He completed a referral and told me I would receive a letter from the IRS in 3-6 weeks. Once I respond to the letter and provide the missing information, it will be another 6-8 weeks for them to process it. That means there is a chance I won't even see this refund for 4-5 months after the date it was accepted. Are you kidding me? I completed my entire return as I was prompted by TurboTax's filing service. I did not leave any information out. There should not be missing information on my return. I have used H&R Block's e-filing service in the past and never ran into anything like this. I will NEVER use TurboTax again and will make sure to spread the word about this.  

The most common reason for missing information seems to relate to the health care subsidy.  turbotax does not know if you got a subsidy and can only direct you to the health care interview where you answer some questions about what kind of insurance you have.  If you answered no you did not have marketplace insurance when you actually did, this will cause your return to miss several important forms and miscalculate your tax.Another reason for missing information returns is if you submitted a W-2 or 1099-MISC but the employer has not submitted their matching copy (which was due March 31).  A common tax fraud tactic is to create an imaginary W-2 with large withholdings and use it to collect a big refund.  In some cases, the IRS will hold a return if the employer has not submitted the matching forms, and may ask you to send in your original W-2. The IRS can also screw up.Until you get the IRS letter, there is no way to know what information the IRS considers missing. At that point, you can post the details here or contact customer support to discuss why it is missing (such as, Turbotax made a mistake, or you gave an incorrect answer, or something else.)  


Can I resend my return using the Turbo Tax electronic filing? I do not see any way to do it after login in.  

Her amended return (which must be filed by mail) will take several months to process, so you must file your own return by mail as well.  


I need a referral  

The IRS can help you find a reputable preparer in your area.https://www.irs.gov/uac/New-IRS-Tool-Can-Help-You-Find-a-Tax-Preparer  


I have not filed taxes for the past 3 years and need to do it, which year should I start with? The oldest? Thank you.  

Yes, start with oldest.  You can purchase the 2013 and 2014 software here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/These must be filed by mail.For 2015, you can efile until mid-October.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/  


how long does it usually take?  

https://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-YearState refund times vary. 


I got accepted feb 12 but never got approved. It still says processing but the tax addvocate was able to pull my transcripts today and she wasnt able to do that until today. Does that mean they are done processing my return and about to release it?  

Whatever the delay was in processing, apparently it was resolved. The Taxpayer Advocates Office (TAO) has the ability to get the rest of the process accelerated in order to get your money to you. So, based on what you posted, I would say yes, and it should happen soon.  


I have entered her T4's and i am self employed so have no T4's, HELP  

A cash-basis taxpayer deducts expenses in the year those expenses were paid.  If you paid them in December or Ebay automatically charged some PayPal account of yours in December for your expenses, then they can be deducted in 2011.  However, if you are going to pay them in January 2012, then they are 2012 expenses.   But dont forget that the same timing applied to your December 2010 expenses that might have been paid in January 2011.  Those can be 2011 expenses.  


Hello, I completed my 2015 return, paid the fee,and sent the file to CRA with Netfile; however, when I logged back in I can't seem to locate my 2015 return other than a incomplete version I started.  Can you please help me locate the return I filed?  

Hi Van150,You can get direction on printing your return here:Printing Your Tax Returnhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Print-and-Save/Printing-in-TurboTax/GEN12322.htmlIf you have any problems go here:Troubleshooting Common Printing Issueshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Print-and-Save/Troubleshooting-Common-Printing-Issues/GEN12087.htmlGood luck!  


TurboTax did not print 1040ES vouchers with our 2015 return, probably because we received a refund. This year, 2016, we are now fully retired, so no taxes are withheld. Our financial consultant advised us to make estimated tax payments instead of withholding from social security or our pension. We also have a small side business. Where do I get the 1040ES forms for 2016 and can TurboTax estimate our taxes due in 2016?  

Another answer,  Open return, Click on View at top, Click on Forms in the list that appears, click on Open Form at top of list and then type estimated in the search window at the top.  Then you will see a list and click on the first one and Open Form at bottom. The first one will be for April the following year and you can click on the others later.  


I need my 2012 Tax Download  

I assume you are asking about a download installation file for the desktop software.   If youre asking instead about tax returns, however, then some things in this answer will not apply, but the method to find multiple accounts is the same.Check to see if you have multiple accounts without realizing it (see instructions below.)  After you get a list of User IDs, try each one at this download link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadOnce you find the download installation file, keep a backup copy of it somewhere.  TurboTax only supports the current and previous 3 tax years, so it may disappear from your download account at some point after 3 years. Heres how to look for multiple accounts.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I need to add a 1099 to my 2013 taxes. I dont have how to purchase the upgrade so I can do it myself. can you please help me. I know I need to purchase a higher product from you like the plus or deluxe I just dont know which one I will need to purchase and how  

Depends what kind of 1099 it is.  If it is a 1099Misc you need to use Deluxe or higher.  But if you buy the Desktop program to amend all the versions have all the same forms so you can use Deluxe.  You can buy 2013 Deluxe here,https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/Here's how to amend a 2013 online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-to-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbotax-online-alternate-method  


I'm have a difficult time locating the tax amout that I paid in this past year on my house, I found an assessment but I cant find a 1098  

The mortgage servicing agent is obligated to provide you with the Form 1098, and if you lost it, simply call and request a duplicate, as well as asking for the information over the telephone.  Alternatively, you can return to the start of Personal Income and select Import Summary.  If you imported the Form 1098, it should show.The one problem may be that a few mortgage servicers do not report the actual real estate taxes paid on a Form 1098, and may provide it through a separate mailing.Remember that the amount that is deductible is the amount that was paid to the taxing authority by you or by the mortgage servicer on your behalf, and not the amount that you have paid into escrow.  


Routing and checking #'s were filed in with ample funds in bank.  

TT cannot tell you that your returns were correct, as it has (for example) no way of knowing if you made a data entry error.What did the IRS and NYS change that resulted in fines?  


netspend put my refund on the wrong card and then they sent it back to the irs.the irs is sending me a check how do I track my paper check?  

You cant.  


Business taxes done already and need to input numbers froths schedule k-1, form 1065. Where do I do that?  

In Personal Income scroll down to Business Investment and Estate/Trust Income and select  Schedule K-1  


It has been a month and tax refund has not arrived and can't be tracked online so I wonder if it was even filed??  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


They haven't sent a date  

Check the IRS website:https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  


I've had the AMT for years going back to 2006.  I assume I can go back at least 3 years and each time amend the return to take advantage of the AMT for a carryover to the next year.  And keep doing that every year up to the present.  Right?  

2013 is the earliest year you can amend for a refund, unless you filed 4868 for 2012.  


I called the social security people and verified my info, they said i have 0 issues on their end. But my tax return keeps getting kicked back from federal with the reason being my social and name doesn't match their database. What do i do?  

Your only option: file on paper via US Mail. 


We paid to do our taxes already through turbo tax, but used his account.  

Please contact TT Support for assistance when they reopen in the morning. 


how do i get a copy of my 2014 taxes  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3124638-copy-2014-help-please  


not sure if it was taken from the account or if i still need to send it in to VA. why would it say it was accepted?? did it accept the amount in which i was supposed to send without actually receiving it yet? (which means i still need to send it). if so where the heck can i find the adress?  

Due date for an individual tax return in Virginia was May 2 since the first was a Sunday.http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/Payment%20PO%20Boxes.pdfhttp://www.tax.virginia.gov/content/individual-faq2Print out your state tax return to see filing instructions.  


it was suppose to be here today  

Try to track your state refund by clicking on your state at the following FAQ.  It will also tell you how to contact your states tax agency, if necessary.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


What should I do now?  File amended return.  If it is accepted, I shouldn't owe anything.  Thank You.  

Mail the amended Form 1040X return.  Call the number on the IRS letter, and tell them you are amending.  


I just want to go through what if's  

That is difficult to do in TT Online, since you must set up a new account. TT desktop has a What If feature.  


How do I get my state return to show up, download or print? What is going on with Turbo Tax?  And I qualify for free state return also, but Turbo wouldn't give it to me! What's up with that?  

The free state promotion ended back on March 31. You cannot view or print the state return until you pay the TT fee.  


From all that I can find code 307 is in fact a valid code, but it isn't accepted by the Smartcheck and I don't know if I should E-File with this issue not resolved. (Oregon form 40 line 44 in Turbotax. I got the code (copied it) from the dialogue box that popped up right next to it (the "whats this") and it indicated in the same box that it was for the Federal Pension, and it was verified from Oregon.gov (https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/forms/FormsPubs/schedule-or-asc_101-063_2015.pdf) which shows on the top of page 3 "Federal pension income [code 307]" exactly what I need. The question is thus: am I putting a correct code number in the incorrect place/form? Or is it a bug in Turbotax, and all I need to do is ignore Smartcheck and file? Any help will be very much appreciated! Thanks!  

Code 307 is valid only for Forms 40N and 40P (not Form 40).https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/programs/individuals/Pages/subtractions.aspx  


dont be a bunch of [Profanity Deleted] and assume that that your Learn More options anwer everythin  

A self-prepared income tax return software program isnt for everyone. I see you are using Home and Business, which means you have self-employment income.  Do you have a particular question?  


They were filed electronically and I can't find them on Turbo Tax to print them.  

You probably have more than 1 account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/THEN how to print,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


Why do you insist I pay for viewing my state return when I qualify for a free filing?  

We have already answered this. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3356034-can-t-view-or-find-my-state-return-i-have-been-unable-to-v...  


why is it so hard to talk to customer service?  

To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Turbo Tax keeps insisting I pay for ANYTHING I need from them but I qualify for free filing for both federal & state returns. Why?!  

This is the third time you have asked this question, but the first time you mentioned amended return/.Amended returns (Form 1040X) must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process..https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...  


I need to download copies of 2014&2015 returns.  

Did you use the Online cloud version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525  


I tried to go to the payment link  http://www.turbotaxpayments.com and the browser report that link as not found  

Use this TurboTax link for payments to TurboTax - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/  


I did not receive any info about a 1040X form from TT when I filled the form out on their site. So how do I find it in my account so I can print and mail it in?  

Call support tomorrow when they are open.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Can my husband who filed taxes with an itin the last 3 years. Claim/amend his earn income credit, form 1040x now that he has a ss#? He received his Ss# Dec2015. I am a caregiver/stay at home mom. My son and I are both citizen with valid socials.  

Yes, he can amend.  The IRS notes After, the SSN is issued and all other EITC requirements are met, the \ntaxpayer can file an amended return claiming EITC for any year the \nstatute of limitations is open.  https://www.eitc.irs.gov/Tax-Preparer-Toolkit/faqs/basicquals  


l;adfkqlk;efa;lkds  

You can try posting your questions here in this forum or Contact Customer Service when they are open.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I lived in PA for 5 months but earned no income. During that time, husband lived and worked in CA. We moved to GA for the remainder of the year. We file jointly. No income was earned in PA. Do we file a state return in PA?  

There are a couple of reasons you may need to file a PA return. You have income earned in the state. They want to tax it.The other reason you may need to fiole a PA return is if you had income tax withheld from a 1099 or W-2. Then , you would want to file in order to collect the refund. 


Hi, I am trying to access my 2013 Tax Return but all in vain. Kindly help me out to print the 2013 Tax Return.Thank you,  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Without paying.  

You can get a free transcript from the IRS:  http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nFor a $50 fee you can get a copy of the return from the IRS:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901218-can-i-get-a-copy-of-my-tax-return-from-the-irs\n\n\n\n\n\nSee the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your order\nclick on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


i need to access my input to its deductible for TY 2013 how can i do that  

Log into ItsDeductible at the website below, and from the main page there click on the 2013 tab.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/If you dont find your entries there, then you may have multiple accounts without realizing it.   To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


Hello,I just checked if IRS sent my refund via IRS web site and IRS stated they already sent the refund but I have not receive it.  

Where did you have it sent?  If it was your account? Maybe it just hasnt posted yet?  Id verify your direct deposit information on your taxes!  Make sure the information is correct!  If the account belongs to only you Id say give it a few days.  If its not your account call the IRS youre probably going to get a check.  


Can I use moms checking acc for my refund??  

No!  Unless she will go add your name to get account!  They will know the account didnt belong to you.  Itll be rejected and then its up to 10 weeks until they mail you a check!  


Why have i not got al refund .  In their web site says still being processed filed in Jan  

Unfortunately, if they received it only they can tell you why its delayed.  Tax agencies dont share data with the IRS.  Their contact information is here:  https://revenue.alabama.gov/contact/  


\n\nHi There I live in Vancouver, BC Canada and have received my\nManulife Bank Investment Loan Statement. I do know that I have to enter this\ninformation on S4: Statement of Interest Income in Turbotax (Canadian version).\nHowever, Im really not sure what information from the investment loan\nstatement I am to use and under which section in Turbotax I am suppose to enter\nthe information under. (ie: Do I enter it under the section Interest\nexpenses and carrying charges which states to enter the total interest I\npaid on money borrowed if Im using the money to earn investment income (which\nI am). Subheadings under this section are: (1) Interest Paid and (2) Interest\nPaid to acquire a partnership. The next subheading is Enter the total carrying\ncharges you paid in 2015 (3) Accounting fees, (4) Management or safe custody\nfees, (5) Investment counsel fees, (6) Other (specify), and (7) Amount.  Could you please advise?  Thank you in advance for your assistance.\n\n  

Are you doing a Canada return?  This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca  


I'm extremely dissatisfied with the Netspend card I was issued. I used the Netspend website to find a "Free ATM" and when I attempted to withdraw funds, it notified me that I would be charged a fee. I stopped the transaction and called customer support, and they told me that if I want a free cash withdrawl, I need to go to my bank and ask for a "cash advance". I went to my bank, and the "cash advance" was declined. I called customer support again and they told me that it was declined because the transfer fee was $2.50 and I tried to withdraw all my funds. Then, after going home to find a way to get my money without a fee, I checked my balance and the "Free ATM" charged me $0.50 when it checked my balance. I wrote Netspend customer service to ask them to reverse the charge and tell me how to get my Tax Refund without a fee.They came back with a fee schedule for any ATM related transaction. Apparently "Free ATM" actually means "ATM That's Free When You Don't Count Fees".I am extremely dissatisfied with this card, and I feel like TurboTax really did it's customers wrong by offering it something with this many hidden fees. I know I'm only currently out 50 cents, but it really bothers me that I was given the run-around about free cash withdrawls and still got charged a fee. Is there any way at all to get my tax refund off of this card in cash without a fee?  

The cheapest way to get your cash is to go to a bank and have them Cash Advance all but $2.50 of the total amount. The remaining $2.50 will be deducted in the Pin Fee from Netspend.Simple answer: Netspend is riddled with hidden fees, and TurboTax gets money to push it on customers. Shame on you TurboTax.  


Using your other TTax version one could switch between forms and interactive mode.  Please advise how amend when the amount seems entered by the TTax software, not me.  

In using the online platform, you must make payment for your 2015 program first in order to preview or edit the actual forms in your return.  See the instructions below.  Keep in mind, however, that making changes to your forms as calculated by TurboTax may prevent you from e-filing your return.  Some overrides do also void your Accuracy Guarantee.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302322  


according to your question list, this error was supposed to be fixed for the end of april.  How do i get back into my return to be able to email it?  for the moment my screen says return completed on 12 april and ready to print. thank you  

You can switch your filing method from mail to e-file by using the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3985787  


And there is not a field to enter my drivers license in the turbo tax state tax form. Turbo Tax said to enter IL tax payer pin, or drivers license, and the field would not accept my drivers license, nor was there anywhere in the form to enter it. I followed other isntructions to go to the state taxpayer website and file a return on there, but that site has not given me a taxpayer pin. So, this is a Catch-22, and the whole point of using turbotax is so I dont have to file multiple times on different sites....  

The easiest solution is simply to print your return and mail it in.  


Mailed in taxes in April 13th 2016 how do I find out if the government received them?  

If you did not mail the tax return using some type of registered mail with a return receipt requested, you will not know when or if the IRS and/or your state received the return.  If you have a refund from the tax return you can check on the IRS or State website for the status of the refund.  If you have taxes owed and paid the taxes your proof of payment would be the cancelled check, bank statement for a direct debit or credit card statement showing the payee.  


Hi,I cant locate my previously purchased 2011 TurboTax CD.Every year I purchase TurboTax CD (since 2001) and in 2014, I moved to the Download product version.I just now received a request from the IRS regarding the 2011 filings, and I cant locate my previously purchased TurboTax Deluxe CD for Tax-year 2011.Do I need to repurchase the product in order to have access and review my previous taxes? Or is there an alternative option to obtain access to the 2011 tax year software?Thanks!  

If you purchased the 2011 from TurboTax then you will need to contact TurboTax support and see if they will be able to assist you in obtaining a download for that tax year.  Note that TurboTax no longer supports tax year 2011 so they may not be able to assist you in getting the download.  In that case your other option is to purchase the software from an online retailer, such as Amazon.  Also note that since the software is no longer supported you may not be able to get any updates or a state download for that tax year.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


Other income for the year is about 45,000.  

It depends upon your marital status, number of dependents, whether you itemize, etc.  See this Federal example (based on 2015 tax rates):\n\nTotal Income  $135,000\n\nTotal Deductions  $6,300 (Standard deduction)\n\nTotal Exemptions  $4,000 (Single, no dependents)\nTaxable Income  $124,700\n\n Regular Taxes  $27,987\nThere may also be State taxes due.  You didnt say why you wanted/needed $90,000 in 2016, but consider taking only what is necessary, or take some in 2016 and some in 2017.  I know folks who decided to pay off their mortgages (or buy a home or RV) and then were shocked that they lost so much to the taxman.  


i AM UNHAPPY WITH MY SERVICES WITH TURBOTAX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

If it is pending in TurboTax, then the IRS is currently having a problem.The IRS sent out an alert that the e-file system is down and not accepting any tax returns.  I don't know how long it has been down, but when they send an alert it must be serious."(May 6, 2016) The Modernized e-File Production System is currently experiencing an issue.  The IRS is working to resolve the problem as a top priority.  Please refrain from accessing the MeF System to transmit submissions, get acknowledgements, retrieve state submissions, send state acknowledgements or submit any other service requests until further notice."The IRS MeF status web page also shows the Modern E-file system as being "non-operational".  


I filed my taxes 3 days ago and it still say pending what does that mean what do i need to do it has not been accepted yet or rejected... I dont understand. should i print them off and mail them in.  

Dont mail a paper tax return unless your electronic return is rejected.  Otherwise you will cause problems.  As long as it is pending, you just have to wait for the IRS to download it from the Turbotax data warehouse.Of course , if it is rejected, you can also try and fix any errors and send it electronically again.  Just dont submit both version at the same time. 


I filed my tax return on line and payment was supposed to come out of my refund.  My refund was held up and you took a payment of $76.30 out of my checking on 4/8;meanwhile on 4/6 my return was deposited in my account and again 111.29 was deducted. That would be 34.99 too much.  I called and thought everything was settled. On 4/8 I received a check for 76.30  Then on 4/18 another 76.30 was put back in my checking.  Meaning I should still owe turbotax $41.31.  How do I take care of this?  

No one on this user to user forum can help you with billing issues. You will need to contact TurboTax. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041  


I paid in full, filled an extension on time, but did not remember to file my 2014 taxes.  How do I file them now?  what address to send the return? How can i get this done as quickly as possible?  

You can no longer use TurboTax Online to file for 2014. TurboTax Online is only for the current tax year, which is now 2015. To file for 2014 you have to use the CD or download TurboTax software for 2014. You can purchase a download at the following link.http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou might get a better price from a reputable online seller that still has TurboTax for 2014 in stock.TurboTax does not allow returns for past years to be e-filed. You will have to print the return and file it by mail. When you print your tax return, TurboTax will print a page of filing instructions that includes the address to mail it to.  


I deposited $3000.00 for 2015 and they will not correct it. I have asked several times. This is gong to cause me to have penalties at the IRS as soon as it catches up with me. Now my 2015 HSA amount will also be skewed, because I deposited again for 2015 on 4/15/2016. Thats when I figured out the mistake.How can I get them to fix the error, or how do I let the IRS know? Can I keep my deposit ticket and just say the bank wont correct the error?  

You cant force the bank to correct their error.  But yes, always keep documentation of your activity so that you can support your return with printed records.  Theres no need to contact the IRS about the issue.  Just have your records on hand if/when the IRS ever contacts you about the discrepancy. 


I need to add a new states and amend current.  When I click amend returns and then update states, it updates federal to amended even though I have made no updates to it and program says I dont need to.  I should be be able to file the new state electronically and mail amend existing with copy of my original federal.  Even I just mail both, I still want turbo tax to have this correctly for reference in Next years filing.  

Step one. Save under a recognizable name a copy of the TurboTAX file containing your original return. Keep it safe.  


How can I tell in Turbotax Home and Business 2015 software if I have already e-filed my state tax return???  My state, Louisiana, is behind in the process and was no help.  

If there is no status shown for the state return when using the status lookup website, then you will need to return to the program and e-file the state return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing a state return after e-filing a federal return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3182020-how-do-i-file-my-state-return-after-i-have-e-filed-my-fede...  


I did this and  mail it off in February.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x  


The policy premium was paid for with after tax dollars.  

Disability insurance benefits are taxable for Federal in some cases, but not for this user, since the premiums were paid with after tax dollars.However, they can be recorded as nontaxable income in the Sales Tax deduction section if one itemizes.  


I have sent in my first payment and it was cashed on the 4th, auto withdraws are scheduled on the 10th. IRS has not contacted me, when will the auto payments start? How do I pay more than agreed payment?  

It can take months for IRS to approve or deny an installment agreement request.  If you'd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the approval letter, you can do so on the DirectPay website.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay  


Im trying to file my taxes on a business that I just started on April 1, 2016. I know that I have to file my quarterly taxes by June 15th, and I dont know if I can file my taxes using turbo tax, because turbo tax keeps asking about 2015, when my small business did not exist. Is there something else I am supposed to do here, or can I not use turbo tax for filing for my small business?  

You don't go though the business section but you do use your 2015 return to help prepare the 2016 quarterly estimates.  So DO NOT change anything in your actual 2015 return.  But you need to log in to your return and go though the estimated tax section.You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. If you can't get back into your return after filing 2015, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.  


It would appear I've already upgraded to PLUS, but I'm still unable to access the documents.  

You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access your prior year online returns.  Assuming that you have signed onto your 2015 account using the exact same user ID you used to create the prior year accounts and you have the 2015 online return accessed - To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I am downsizing moving to apartment.  

If you lived in your current home more than two years, and the Huxley sale was more than two years ago,  the capital gain is tax free (up to $250,000). Half the cost basis of your home "steps up" on the date of your spouse's passing. For example, if you bought the house for $100,000 and it was worth $200,000 when your wife died, your cost basis when you sell it is $150,000 (your $50K half of the original cost plus the $100K  stepped up value for her half).  


I am a US Citizen, I live abroad (I do qualify for both the bona fide resident test or the 330 full days outside the US test) but I work as a software engineer, remotely, full time, for a US company and get paid into a US bank account, and that US company is not associated in any way with the US government.\nCan you please cite the source of your answer, if its on the IRS site or US Tax code somewhere.heres what Ive found so far on the IRS website, but I dont trust it as much, Ive heard that the site could be wrong sometime and should not be used a source.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusion---What-is-Fo...\n[QUOTE]\nSource of Earned Income\n\nThe source of your earned income is the place where you perform the services for which you received the income. Foreign earned income is income you receive for performing personal services in a foreign country. Where or how you are paid has no effect on the source of the income. For example, income you receive for work done in France is income from a foreign source even if the income is paid directly to your bank account in the United States and your employer is located in New York City.\n[QUOTE]\n So it looks like it doesnt really matter where you get paid, I perform my services outside the country, on a laptop, in an office, but they dont need to be done there, unlike the mining engineer example that the IRS website gives below where his services need to be done overseas.\n\n\n[QUOTE]\nIf you receive a specific amount for work done in the United States, you must report that amount as U.S. source income. If you cannot determine how much is for work done in the United States, or for work done partly in the United States and partly in a foreign country, determine the amount of U.S. source income using the method that most correctly shows the proper source of your income. In most cases you can make this determination on a time basis. U.S. source income is the amount that results from multiplying your total pay (including allowances, reimbursements other than for foreign moves, and noncash fringe benefits) by a fraction. The numerator (top number) is the number of days you worked within the United States. The denominator (bottom number) is the total number of days of work for which you were paid.\nExample:\nYou are a U.S. citizen, a bona fide resident of Country A, and working as a mining engineer. Your salary is $76,800 per year. You also receive a $6,000 cost of living allowance, and a $6,000 education allowance. Your employment contract did not indicate that you were entitled to these allowances only while outside the United States.\nYour total income is $88,800. You work a 5-day week, Monday through Friday. After subtracting your vacation, you have a total of 240 workdays in the year. You worked in the United States during the year for 6 weeks (30 workdays). The following shows how to figure the part for work done in the United States during the year. Number of days worked in the United States during the year (30)  Number of days of work during the year for which payment was made (240)  Total income ($88,800) = $11,100.\n\nYour U.S. source earned income is $11,100.[QUOTE]\n\n\nThey give the example of a mine engineer, I wonder if its the same thing if I am working remotely over the internet, I am physically out of the country though.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusion-Can-I-Claim-...\n\n\nThank you.\n\n\n  

Yes, you are eligible.  The requirement is only that your tax home be in a foreign country.  There are no requirements that the employer be foreign.Publication 54 is the easiest source of information.  If you want the legal gibberish, it is in Section 911 in the Tax Code and its Regulations.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p54/ch04.html#en_US_2015_publink100047399https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/911#dhttps://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/part-1    (scroll down to the 1.911 area)  


How do I reopen my 2014 return?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I paid for both Fed and State, but I can't get to the actual returns for either.  Somehow, I printed the 2015 Fed prior to 04/15/2016 and then made the changes I needed by hand - all related to estimated tax payments - and then filed the return by mail.  I want and need to do the same for the OH 2015, but there is no obvious way to get to the actual forms - at least with the web site I am looking at.   Maybe you have a product that gives me the forms that I can fill in the numbers and which will then calculate the taxes without going through all the questions which I do not need to do.  Is there such a thing?  

To contact TurboTax support: \n\n 8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp  


He is still a high school student.  I also received 420 of UCCB. How does this work. If he was 18 and still in high school at the end of the year of 2015 is he still a dependant even though he needs to do a tax return? Also with the UCCB I am not understanding about applying it to my income or his. What is the benefit to apply it to his net income for  the year. Is this just to lower mine?  

Try changing it to common law and entering 0 for w/h fed. tax.  


I am self-employed in a state that expanded Medicaid but subjects assets to recovery for all expenses.  

If you are already receiving the Advance credit, they will probably not stop it.If the Marketplace questions your income, they may ask for proof of your estimated current year income.  If they accept it, you will receive the Advance Premium Tax Credit if you buy insurance through Healthcare Marketplace.  In the event they were to not accept your estimated income, you would not receive the Advance credit, but you would receive the full credit when you file your tax return (assuming you qualify).  


I started my taxes with the free federal EZ form and paid for my state and the added plus feature on April 18. The only reason I did this was so that I  could E file and have my returns in before the deadline. When I was all done because of an error on my 1095 A, I was not able to E file. I was very angry since I had paid $60 and could not get a refund. I called the necessary government agencies trying to resolve the error on my 1095 A, but nothing was accomplished. Today I went back into the program to complete and print my tax returns to mail them in and the program started asking me all kinds of questions. So I was answering them. The program then suggested that I would save money by upgrading to the Deluxe version. After I went through the complete Deluxe version my bottom line was exactly the same. The first step to file the returns was to go over the Turbo Tax product and choose how I was going to pay. The learn more pop up box indicated that if I did not want to proceed I could hit clear and start over. When I did that, the program told me that I could not do that.  

Once you have paid TurboTAX, you cannot clear and start over.  


My wife recently take a independent contractor work and need to make quarterly tax payment throughout 2016. We think the online product TurboTax Hom & Business + QuickBooks Self-Employed bundle could save us more than purchasing TurboTax and QuickBooks separately.  

While you can certainly use the software products you mention to help you organize your information and prepare your tax return, you need to make your quarterly estimated tax payments using form 1040-ES.  I have attached a link to the IRS form:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfIf you purchase the desktop version of Home and Business (2015 version) you should be able to input some basic information and then print the 2016 estimated tax vouchers.  You would need to go into the forms mode in order to do this.The 1040-ES would be completed using your personal information; i.e. SS#, etc. 


This is simply for future reference. I would love to see how donating my vacation home for more time would've affected my return.  

Playing with your return in TurboTax Online is not a good idea. In TurboTax Online there is only one copy of your tax return, and any change you make is saved immediately and permanently. There is no back-out or undo, and no way to exit without saving the changes. If you want to use TurboTax Online to try out different scenarios, you can use a different user ID than the one you use for your actual tax return, but you will have to do a complete new return from scratch. Be careful to keep track of your different user IDs and passwords.If you want to be able to try out what-if situations its better to use the CD or download TurboTax software instead of TurboTax Online. The CD/download software has several ways that you can try out changes without affecting your actual tax return. You can make changes to your return and exit without saving. To be even safer, you can make a copy of the return with a different name and try out changes on the copy without affecting the actual return. There is also a What-If Worksheet that lets you try out different scenarios without changing the return at all.Another tool you can use to try out changes is TaxCaster, which is at the following link.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/HOWEVER, you mentioned donating my vacation home for more time. You cannot claim a deduction for donating the use of your property. You can only claim a deduction for donating your entire interest in the property - in other words, giving the vacation home to a charity, with no strings.  


Since the deadline was 04-18-16 to file 2015 tax returns, and I filed an extension anyway, will that affect my ability to e-file today?  

Having filed an extension will not affect e-filing your return today.  


I completed my questionary about my tax and you said to me that i will have it until may 6. Today is may 6 and I dont have my tax here. Please contact me when you will know something about it  

TurboTax provides a target date 21 days after your tax return is accepted based on general IRS guidelines. TurboTax has no control over nor knowledge of when you will actually receive your refund. TurboTax will not contact you about your refund. The best information is on the IRS refund tracking web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html  


I only have two sources of income.  My Air Force retirement and Social Security.  No dependents.  I put in the information as requested by turbo tax.  The same I have done for the last several years.  Now IRS says they found a mistake yet Turbo tax never did??  How can I ever trust your  company again  

Your course of action will depend on where you are in the audit process. Most service center audits are quick and often dont require information from you on issues like unreported income.  Usually the first letter you get is a PROPOSED audit adjustment. At this stage, the tax is not yet actually assessed. This is the time for you to respond and explain your position and provide documentation if you have it. You are given a deadline to meet to be able to avail yourself of this part of the process, unless you agree that the adjustment is accurate.The next stage is when they have assessed the tax and ask for payment, but also give you appeal rights. Again, you have a deadline to file your appeal and provide whatever proof you have. Or, if you agree make payment or arrangements for payments.Once your appeal rights have expired, and no payments have been arranged, then it is sent to collections. Having said all that, you need to 1) determine where you are in the process.                                                     2) take the appropriate steps in the the audit process                                               or   3) if you are are done with the audit process,  and need to pay, make the appropriate payment arrangements. Contact the number on the letter, and they will work with you on determining what you can afford to pay. If you can not pay, the will place the account in to an uncollectable status for a period of time. In all but a full pay situation, the IRS will take your refund until the liability is resolved. There could be some good news though...... even if your appeal rights have expired, and you can prove that you should have owed the money, there is 1 other process you can do.Go to www.irs.gov/forms      and pull up Form 843. You have up to 2 years after you pay off the liability to put in a claim.  


I pay landlord the rent for the house. Me and the landlord have a joint account,  and I pay rent from my personal account to the joint account. Is that enough to show that Im paying rent?  

Again, that is more of a legal question. There is no Federal deduction for rent paid.And it is highly unusual for a landlord and a tenant to have a Joint account.  


I cannot believe I wrote a check from the wrong account. What do I do?  

1) call and tell them[number removed] (it may be a long wait) 2) mail in a certified check for the payment (make sure your social security number is on it) 3) be prepared to be billed for possibly a small penalty. Id send the check first. If you can hand deliver it to a local office, even better. Bring in any info you may have regarding your liability if you do.  


I have increased my 401k contribution from 11% to 15%.  

If your total income this year will be about the same as last year, you should increase withholding or pay estimated quarterly taxes for about the amount of taxes owed for last year. If you havent increased withholding to date, you will have to make up the shortfall in the rest of the year. You could decrease it by the amount of taxes you will save from the 4% increase in 401K contributions. If your goal is only to avoid any underpayment penalties, here are the underpayment penalty rules:In most cases, you must pay estimated tax if both of the following apply:1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax after subtracting your withholding and refundable credits.2. You expect your withholding plus your refundable credits to be less than the smaller of:a. 90% of the tax to be shown on your tax return, orb. 100% of the tax shown on your last years tax return for all 12 months.You can use one of these tools to help you determine what your taxes will be for 2016: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/  


I filed an amended tax form, turbo tax site said it was sent, but the IRS website shows it was never received. What do I do?  

An amended return cannot be e-filed. It has to be printed and filed by mail. If you didnt mail it, you didnt file it.  


How can I get the turbotax to add the tax paid off the T4A annuity  

Are you working on a Canadian tax return?  This is the TurboTax US website AnswerXchange user forum.  Go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance with the Canadian tax return - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


Turbo tax helped me complete and print my 1040x and amended 1040A.  I would like a copy.  Where is the file????  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x  


I never received my return and when I looked back at the filing, the routing number appears to be incorrect.  

If the bank information is incorrect, the IRS will issue a paper check for your refund and mail it to the address on your tax return.  


Turbotax sent me a email saying I will recieve my refund in my bank by today. Its still not there?  

ACH standards allow up to 2 days for deposit transactions to be processed by the receiving bank, so you may need to check with your bank for their policies.First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) \n  


In 2007, we invested into a development group which after 8 years of dismal results, 7 of the initial investors obtained legal counsel and settled out of court with the group for approximately 90 cents on dollar of the original investment.  The law firm representing the investors reported the distribution to the investors on a 1009-MISC. Turbo tax treats the 1099 as income. We are pursuing consultations with a tax attorney on this natter but am also wondering if the legal counsel should have reported the distribution on a different form other than a 1099?  Should the return on this investment be reported as income?  

You did not get a return on your investment. You got a settlement.All taxable non-wage payments, such as punitive damages, liquidated damages, compensatory damages, payments for emotional distress, interest and attorneys fees and legal costs associated with the recovery of taxable amounts, will be reported on a Form 1099 issued to the claimant. 


I don't remember I add account information or not. But I am high believe that I request the paper check for refund.  

The first thing you need to do is to review and compare the banks routing number and your account number with what you put on the return. If they are correct, bring in all bank statements from the time you filed, your check book, and a copy of the return to your local IRS office and have them look at it. If it was entered incorrectly, they can assist you with that as well. Either way, just be prepared for significant delays in your refund.  


We have a small ROTH that we'd like to liquidate to use as part of a down payment for a house purchase. We are not first time home buyers. The ROTH is over 10 years old and we have not made a contribution on 10 years. What kind of penalty can we expect from the IRS?  

You can make tax and penalty free withdrawals of the principal (contributions) at any time. However, the earnings cannot normally be withdrawn under age 59 without paying the 10% early withdrawal penalty.  


It continues to state my information does not match their records.  

Was your GA return actually filed?Make sure you actually filed the return by\n checking here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp \n - It will show the date you transmitted your\n return and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n - Both your Federal and State will be listed\n separately if you filed both.\n - It will tell you when you E-filed\n - The electronic filing dateOnce its been filed and accepted, only GA can tell you the status.  


Filed my state return on 1/23 and it was accepted next day. I was chosen for further review. I uploaded documents they requested. I had to wait up to 90 days more from 3/27/16 (day documents were submitted). It is now May 6th and message changed a few days ago to"Your refund is in the final stages of processing. Once your refund is approved, the issue date will be available"Did anybody else go through this long wait and if so how much longer did you wait before your recieved your money.  

Users who have received their refunds arent generally looking at this board any longer, but it does sound like the IRS is almost done processing your return. 


I have all 2014 information on Trubo Tax but is not complete.  Please help complete so it can be filed to IRS.  I am in tears now because I have been trying to reach your company for two years......your office has all my information.  

You really need to get hold of TTX people thru this contact page... a telephone number will be provided during their working hours.........they will explain how to get hold of yoru prior years files...assuming you prepared them using TurboTax...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I would like to start an additional state tax return for Hawaii for 2007 thru 2012. Is it possible? Would print and submit to Hawaii.  

TT no longer supports 2007-2011, so theres no way to download the Hawaii software for those years. 


do I have to call to get this card active  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899161-more-information-about-the-netspend-premier-visa-prepaid-c...  


I am a high school math teacher and I would like to teach students how to file taxes. Is there any type of program that would allow students to file "dummy" tax returns so that they can become familiar with the process?  

Actually - there are two possibilities if the intent is education and not filing:\nUse online accounts - possibly one for each student; with one or more set of hypothetical income and expense items and possibly varying status.  There is no testing done of the name/address/tax-id (SSN) entered so you can use dummy data if preferred.   The students can carry this process all the way to the point completion except they cannot see the produced forms as that requires payment.  However, along the way there are numerous displays of how the income and deductions and any credits do apply.\n\nBuy one desktop software license and use all the way through producing the printed forms - in PDF or paper - for as many students as you wish - one at a time.\n 


NJ has a regulation that allows me to receive all of the taxes back that they took from my check, since I never resided or worked in the state.  I was a remote employee.  Last year they had me submit proof from my employer by way of letter.  I filed a NJ1040NR and received all taxes back because they were owed in the state I resided in.  At the time, my employer didn't have the ability to tax out taxes in a state that was not adjoining to NJ.  The software in Turbo tax is not allowing for this benefit.  How do I do it?  

Never resided or worked in NJ. I was a remote employee.  A handful of states, including New Jersey, use a convenience versus necessity test. This allows these states to tax the income of a nonresident telecommuter if his or her employer is located in the state.  http://www.thetaxadviser.com/issues/2010/feb/apractitionersguidetothetaxationoftelecommuting.html#st...http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2009/jun/20091371.htmlhttp://www.cheatsheet.com/personal-finance/why-some-telecommuters-are-facing-double-taxation.html/?a...  


Need to know how to file for my 2014 and if can pay when get return back on that one. And like to know when I'll get my 2015 tax return back need money bad cus broke n about to lose all I have and got two weeks Hildreth I gotta feed n take care of.  

You can prepare and file (by mail) a 2014 tax return for a refund until April of 2018.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Or, you can pull the 2014 forms and instructions from the IRS and State tax websites, and do them by hand.like to know when Ill get my 2015 tax return backhttps://www.irs.gov/Refundshttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year  


Since the monthly interest payments due on my loan came out of loan proceeds, via an interest reserve account, and gets capitalized, the 1098 shows $0 interest paid - can I still take the interest paid during the course of the year as a mortgage interest deduction?  

As a cash basis taxpayer you deduct mortgage interest when you pay it in cash, not when its capitalized as part of the mortgage loan.Tom Young  


I am self-employed and currently pay the IRS quarterly taxes, but am unsure if I am supposed to pay the state of South Carolina quarterly for state taxes.  

It would appear that South Carolina also expects pay as you earn Estimated Taxes:Form SC1040ES\n\nhttps://dor.sc.gov/forms-site/Forms/SC1040ES_09302015.pdf   Worksheet for computing Estimated Tax in SC\n\n\nhttps://dor.sc.gov/services-site/Documents/ePay%20IIT%20Dec%20User%20Guide.pdf#search=estimated  Electronic payment of SC Estimated Tax\n 


I was under the impression that it should have been withdrawn from my account 2 weeks ago.  

What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the separate Federal and State ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheets.  Not the3) (Picture 1&2) Look at that sheet, and if you to arranged a Balance-Due payment to the Feds & state with your tax filing, it will look like the pictures displayed here in #1 & #2.  Re-check all the account routing numbers.4)  (Picture 3)  IF you did not arrange payment with your filing, , then the Fed/State Electronic Filing Instructions sheets will look like the third picture.  Then you will have to mail in a payment, to the Feds or State, or go to the Feds or states tax website to pay. 


So I think there is something wrong with my State Tax return. They say if they don't get copies of all this stuff they will deny my refund in 15 business days. I almost think I should just let that happen, and then edit and refile through TurboTax. Or should I send in the information they're asking for?  

You have to stick with this return.  Send them what they want.  


Also, I haven't received my federal return yet, is that normal?  

Since there are so many last minute filers, the system is bogged down and things take longer. Go to www.irs.gov  click on wheres my refund. it will ask you for you social security number and the amount of your refund. Then it should only take a few moments to get a status update. 


I am trying to get my old tax returns, but I cant talk to anybody at turbotax  

Im including instructions below for accessing PDF files of tax returns from prior years filed using TurboTax online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you still need to speak with TurboTax Customer Support, please use the information below during current business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I got an email from Turbo Tax a couple days ago telling me our (my husband and I) refunds will be deposited in the next business day. Later that day, I got an email from Santa Barbara Tax Product Group, saying our refund was on hold for suspicious activity in the account  so I verified the site through Turbo Tax and had my husband call his bank. Our account wasnt frozen, but our refund was on hold, of course. We really need this money! I sent them pictures of my ID to verify my identity but we have to wait ANOTHER 7 days for a confirmation. Ive called them and Turbo Tax and Ive just been told to wait. Like um, weve waited long enough! Im about ready to drive down to California to Santa Barbara Tax Product Group bank location and demand my money or to speak to someone in person. So help me God! How long does this take? & Turbo Tax: does this arrangement seem like a GOOD idea? Im told its to help prevent identity theft, but putting a hold on everyones money seems much more suspicious. Am I right or am I right?  

Due to all the new banking regulations and the rampant Identity Theft in the tax refund industry certain annoying precautions must be taken and there is not much you can do but comply as requested and be patient.  


The 3531 asks to sign in the Sign Here box, but the form I sent has my (photocopied) signature there.I dont know if I should sign over the photocopied signature, or if I should fill out a new 1040 and sign that.  The copy I sent already has been stamped by the IRS.  

I would print a new copy and sign it  and send it back with the forms they sent as requested. 


won't let me e-file because the software thinks there is an issue when there isn't.  

Glad it did.  They fixed the blank box 14 issue for the Federal a couple months ago but I guess they forgot about the NY state.  


I don't have a printer. Can you tell me my 2015 AGI and also send me a copy? Thank you!  

You dont need a printer ... just look at the PDF on your screen for the AGI.  And only you can see your information, no one at TT has access to your tax returns and cannot send them to you. Save the PDF to a thumb drive and take it somewhere that is can be printed. Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Can I speak with someone?  

When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489\n\n\n\n\n\n  


The only thing the wheres my return gives me is that it is being processed so how much longer now?  

IRS says most refunds in 21 days, not all refunds in 21 days.  


contact me at [email removed]  

If you havent filed a return yet all you need to do is file a correct return.  If your social security number was used in the illegally filed return, you would need to print it and file it by mail.  As the account has already been used to prepare a return you need to establish a new account to prepare your correct return. 


income items were omitted by error  

If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543  


I make $65k annual salary and am single.  

For an investment that you own for one year or less, you will owe ordinary income tax at your marginal tax rate on the capital gain. Your marginal tax rate would likely be 25%. So the tax on $22,000 of gain would be around $5500.If you hold it for more than a year, the capital gain would be taxed at long term capital gain tax rates. If your marginal tax rate is below 25%, the capital gains tax is 0%. If it is 25% to 35%, the capital gain tax is 15%. The tax at 15% on $22,000 of gain would be around $3300. 


Need to print out Federal and State 2015 returns.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filled in January 29 and i havent heard anything about my state refund. I did received my Federal refund; and both were accepted.I dont live in America.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


I have three 1099R forms, two SSA 1099 forms and one 1099- DIV form; no  W-2 forms.  How do I begin to tell the story of this years contribution to the Washington disaster?  

Start by completing and/or checking all the Personal Info.To use the step by step method, you can start the interview at the beginning and follow it all the way through skipping the W-2.OR you click on Federal Taxes then Wages & Income then Ill Choose what I work on then scroll down the page and find the form you want to enterOR you can type the form number such as 1099-R in the search box and click on it in the drop down box and click on jump to. You can do this for each type of form you want to enter. If you are filing a married filing jointly tax return, make sure you designate which spouse each 1099-R belongs to.  


Some things you can do not an option!  

Most of the time users with this issue have more than one TurboTax account and dont realize it.  See the instructions below to see if you have more than one TT account, and also other reasons you may not be able to find your 2015 return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3290682  


I have finished my return. I want to pay for everything but I get stuck at this point. Cant call since there is no phone number. Cant input my phone number because I live in Germany and the number doesnt fit.  

Take a look at this article.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


For 2015  

If you filed using the mobile app (it appears so from your post), you should be able to view a PDF file of your returns by following the instructions below.  Your OR return should show your refund amount.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082  


2015 1120S was not checked as final return as books were not complete - board elected to close 3/31/2016 in order to close out financial records and make final distributions.  So - can 2016 1120S be filed now?s corp made final contribution to 401(k) and profit sharing as of 12/31/2015 - When should form 5500 be filed?  

Yes, it can be.  It is due on June 15th.However, you will need to file by mail, using the 2015 forms.  You will cross out 2015 and write 2016 on them.  You also need to make sure you are filing it according to the 2016 rules.  TurboTax will NOT do some of the thing correctly (such as depreciation), so you may want to go to a tax professional to have it done.  Another possibility is to file an extension, and file that by December 15th, using the early 2016 edition software.The due date for 5500 for calendar year plan is July 31st.https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Form-5500-Corner  


I won prizes on Lets Make a Deal in CA and am expecting to receive the 1099-misc and 592-b forms from them, since I am an out of state resident.  However, I already filed and received my tax refund for the year. I already paid the CA state tax before I was sent the prizes. Do I need to amend my return to add these prizes as additional income? How do I handle this?  

If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543I already paid the CA state tax before I was sent the prizes. Paying tax on the prizes is similar to withholding on wages.  Its an advance payment you claim as a credit when filing your return.  If you didnt file a CA return and the winnings are high enough, you may still need to. 


Its done and in system for some reason I can't look at it.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


how do I claim interest I gained on cashing in savings bonds?  

You may wish to change your forum display name for your privacy/security.  This is a public Internet forum.  No telling who might try to contact you.  To change the forum display name, click the user icon in the top right corner of this page and choose Profile Settings.I assume you got a 1099-INT with an amount in Box 3?  When you go through  the interest income interview, you will have to click the little check box to expand the screen to get more data fields (see screen images below).To get to the interest income interview:\nOpen your return, and in the top right corner is a search tab.\nEnter 1099-INT without quotes.\nChoose Jump to 1099-INT.\n\n  


I did not fill out 2016 est tax because I did not owe; now unexpected gain. Need to fill out  

You need to complete the Form W4 and estimated taxes interview under the Other tax situations tab.  That will prepare the Form 1040ESs, if you actually do need to file.  The first estimated tax payment was due 4/18 and subsequent payment dates are 6/15, 9/15 and 1/17 of next year.If you really should have paid estimated taxes on 4/18 - depending on your income pattern you may not have to have made a 1st quarter payment - then pay that estimated taxes as soon as you can to stop the clock ticking on possible penalties.Tom Young  


\n\nIn previous year any\ncapital gains from mutual funds was keep in the Trust to be taxed to the trust.\nIn 2015 it is putting the capital gains on the K1 to be taxed to the beneficiary.\nHas the law changed or is Turbo Tax doing this incorrectly?\n\n  

See Section IV in this reference for the law on this issue:https://www.naela.org/Public/Section_Newsletters/Trusts_SNTs/Spring_2014/Five_Things_to_Remember_Abo...\n\n\n\n\n  


SSA Computation form indicated zero taxable income, so I did not enter it on 1040 form.  

As the other person stated, even though its not taxable, it still has to be reported. you need to file an amended return reporting the SSA non-taxable income. If there are no other issues, that will resolve the matter.I strongly recommend that you call the number on the IRS notice and tell them what you plan to do. They will set up a mutually agreed upon deadline to accomplish this. Since it is now in a collection status, they will have you send the form to a different location than you normally would, and you might even be able to FAX it. But once a plan is agreed upon, all collection efforts will cease until either the deadline passes or the amended return is received and submitted for processing.  


Submitted a claim for the accuracy guarantee as the IRS sent us a letter that our 2014 taxes were wrong. Apparently Turbo Tax never generated a Schedule C for our self-employment income. The claim denial said we should have known this needed to be processed. We pay Turbo Tax to fill in the knowledge gaps so we dont have to pay an accountant to do this for us! We pay Turbo Tax to do these things for us and to catch these errors! We put in our income and deleted it and put it in and deleted it multiple times to be sure the numbers were the same each time. None of these times did it generate a Schedule C. This is not our fault and yet Turbo Tax wants to say it is, and refuses to follow up with the accuracy guarantee. Weve used Turbo Tax for years but this is horrible customer service. We shouldnt have to pay the penalty and yet TT refuses to. How can we escalate this?  

When you were asked why you received the money, if you had selected self-employment income or any of the related choices such as contract work, you would have been given a Schedule C.  The program can only respond to the information you enter.  If you dont answer the questions in a manner that indicates a need for a Schedule C, then none is calculated.  Since your entries indicated the money was not for self-employment, the program made a correct choice.  You would not be able to escalate the issue since the error was caused by your own entries.  


I requested an extension for filing my 2014 return and it got approved. When I attemp to open the saved information on my account, I am unable to proceed. Am I still able to file for free?  

At this late date, you must file 2014 tax return on paper via US Mail.  


I ammended online and complete it but there is now status showing its been sent etc  

If by im confused as to if it went through? you are referring to if your amended income tax return has been e-filed, the answer to that is No.  You cannot e-file an amended income tax return.  You must mail in your 1040X amended income tax return, including all pages of your income tax return that have changed from your as filed income tax return.Tom Young  


Please call me at [Phone number removed]  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I did my mothers taxes but forgot the login..... need to speak with someone  

TurboTax Support is closed for the weekend, but we can tell you how to recover an account.  Some people even end up with multiple accounts without realizing it, so the tool will check for that as well.To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts/passwords, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


IRS says 2 securities were shown on the return, but 3 were reported to the IRS by the investment company.... how could this be the case?  the two that were on the return had the cost basis reported to the IRS.  The one that didn't show up, the cost basis was not reported.  All of the funds were immediately reinvested in another account.  Overall, it was a net loss.  What can I do?  Will Turbotax help?  

When the cost basis is not reported and you do not enter it, the IRS assumes it is zero, and the entire proceeds are taxable.Check your tax return, as it sounds like you only reported two securities. You have to ask the investment co why the 3rd one wasnt in the info they sent you.  


The money for my taxes was attempted to be put on my NetSpend card today. However, since I haven't received it to activate it, I was told the money would be sent back to the receiver on Monday, May 9th. I was charged $34.99 for the card, which was taken out of my taxes. NetSpend pretty much told me there's nothing they can do and the money will be sent back to the sender and then I will get a paper check in a few weeks. Not happy with that at all. The whole point of the card was to get the money faster, rather than having to wait weeks for a paper check. The card now is useless to me, and I'm out 34.99, which I fully intend to get back. Now, I have to wait at least another 2 weeks to get my money and I need the money now.  What am I supposed to do? It wasn't even a lot of money! This money wasn't even for some lavish shopping spree. It was to keep my cell phone on, food in my stomach, and gas in my gas tank.  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund (for which there is a 34.99 service fee), that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 


i need my IRS 1040 form because im filling out my financial aid form for school  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


After I entered 1099-c, TurboTax didnt ask me if I was qualified for debt insolvency, I had to search form 982 then manually filled out form 982. But after I entered form 982, the amount I owe to federal tax was not changed at all, that means the taxable income did not update. It seemed the form 982 I entered was not linked with the 1099-c in my tax return. How do I fix this? I already used Turbo Tax CD version, I did the research, I know how to fill out 982 and insolvency worksheet. I think Turbo Tax has an issue, it wont link the form 982 I entered in Turbo Tax CD version with 1099-c in my tax return. In Turbo tax instruction, it says it will automatically ask you if you need to file form 982 after you enter 1099-c, it didnt happen to me.  

I did not realize this but it looks like the insolvency 982 is only handled in the cd/download versions and not in the online program.Recommended Answer from Turbotax\nTo qualify for the insolvency, you must show that all of your liabilities (debts) were more than the Fair Market Value of all of your assets immediately before the cancellation of debt.\nTo show that you are insolvent and are excluding your canceled debt from income, you must fill out Form 982.  Although the form is available in Turbo Tax, it is not available on line.  You would have to use a cd/download and fill out the form manually, there is no interview questions for this.\nI recommend that you first read the following links and fill out the insolvency worksheet and the form from the IRS website. Once you have completed it, purchase the cd/download to enter the forms information into the software.\nPlease refer to page 5 for insolvency explanation and page 8 for insolvency worksheet:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4681.pdf\nForm 982 and its instructions:\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f982.pdf \n  


I've been checking online and all it says is that my state return can't be found ..  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


I work from home as a maintenance coordinator for an out-of-state rental property company.  

The first year on 1099 income can be difficult to to estimate, because you dont have a previous year to help make that determination. Your tax will be based on your net income after expenses. Keep a tight track of that. Just bear in mind that that you are now responsible for both parts of your social security taxes. So it will be twice what you are used to.  As far as filing, if you have no employees, then, you only have to file your tax return as you always have. However, you will be required to pay your taxes quarterly, since they are no longer withheld .  You can download the form 1040 ES at irs.gov and look for the forms button.  It will also provide you with instructions and give you information you need to help determine how much to pay. For first time 1099 filers, the IRS usually will not assert an underpayment penalty for the first year, as there is no track record upon which to base the payment. The payments for the following year should be based on the previous year, unless there is a significant difference. One common mistake for a lot of people on 1099s is that they think that when their income is below a taxable level for income tax theyre in the clear. But the Self Employment tax will still be due. So dont fall in to that trap.  


I made a mistake and overpaid. Now I'm amending my taxes- do I include the overpayment on the taxes paid to ensure I get it back?  

If you filed your return with the correct amount of tax, but made an error in the payment, the problem will correct itself and you do not need to amend your return. The system will show the total payments compared to the total tax due. If you did pay too much, then they will issue you a refund in 6-8 weeks.  If over-reported your income and need to amend it, then absolutely, show all payments made towards your tax for the year.  One tip on this, you want to allow sufficient time for the original return to process (6 weeks if you mailed it in) before you file the amendment. Otherwise, you may cause the return to go in to a section of the service center that, in simple terms, will really be slow. 


we paid 30$ to e file my friends state return and it shows accepted about 8 weeks ago and AZ state has no record of the return.  So we wasted 30$ for nothing ????  

Try these methods to check on the Arizona state return:Go to the site below, and click the Wheres My Refund link.https://www.aztaxes.gov/HomeOr use the refund hotline number shown on this page:https://www.azdor.gov/Individual.aspxIf you need to, you can phone Arizona DOR to have a live agent check on it.  You can get the phone number and business hours on this page:https://www.azdor.gov/Individual.aspxIf you need to speak to TurboTax Customer Support, heres how to get a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I received a letter saying that the IRS tried to access my bank account and that the bank said the account was closed. The bank has no record of the request for funds. I am not able to access my original e-filing to see if I made an error or if during your filling something else happened.I am not a happy camper because the IRS is wanting to penalize me for this error and I am not ABLE to talk to a real person at Turbo Tax  Secure Code 890998 Now another one 924 378 *  

Download the PDF to include all forms and worksheets.  Look at the Federal Information Worksheet in Part V.  It will have the bank routing and account number you entered for direct deposit.Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I did not file with turbo tax 2014 and 2015  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


It clearly says that I can delete my state return and input my own date instead of having the information transferred. I have already deleted it but I have no clue on where to input my own data  

You have to pull the LA instructions and forms from the LA state tax website and do them by hand, then mail them in.  


I get this message: Oops, it looks like you need to pay first before you can download and print your prior year returnsTo unlock this feature, follow these instructions  

Be sure you are logged in to the account you used in 2013, before you upgrade an account that doesnt hold your tax return. 


i want to track my state refund w turbotax,Where is it?  

If you efiled the state return, you can double-check the efile status here to be sure it was accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspTo track a state refund, click your state in the following FAQ.  It will also tell you how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


At one point while working on an amended tax return, Turbo Tax asked for a withdraw date from my bank account because i owe, I want to cancel it from being sent at this time so i can review everything and make sure its correct, could not find where i can change that  

1) nothing can happen until you mail your amended tax return.2) direct debit is not supported on amended returns. visit www.irs.gov to pay by phone or Direct Pay, or mail in  a check.  


I cannot find out anything about my federal tax return  it was accepted  1/21/2016an amended around 02/04/2016 I called an they said I get in a certain amount of time I never get an answer  

https://www.irs.gov/RefundsAmended returns (which must be filed by mail) take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


My husband did both of our taxes together, now I cannot print out my previous years refunds. What can I do?  

Transcripts are issued by the IRS.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptIf you want a copy of your prior single returns, contact TT Support when they reopen on Monday 


I live outside the US. I don't have a US credit card. Can I pay using a US bank account.  

See the information below for various TurboTax payment options.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082If you dont have any of the payment options available, the best suggestion I have would be to ask a friend or relative to allow you to use their credit card with a US billing address, then reimburse that person for your fees.  


How come even i got the audit protection im getting audit for?  

If you purchased Audit Defense it doesnt guarantee that the IRS wont audit you, just that Turbotax will defend you if they do.  No one at TurboTax can tell the IRS what to do.\n\nThe following is from TurboTaxs agreement for Audit Defense:  Upon\nreceipt of any communication from the IRS or State, promptly call TRI first at (888) 701-9695! Do not contact the IRS.\nTo ensure effective service regarding your audit, you must use your assigned\nTRI Audit Representative(s) as your only contact with the IRS or State. If you\ndo not contact TRI within 15 days of the date of the first notice, additional\ncharges may apply. If you wait too long you will impede our ability to defend\nyour case.\n\nThe\nfull text of the article is at http://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense.jsp including\ntheir telephone number and fax number.\n\n 


My CA state taxes processed on April 19 and I still have not gotten the direct deposit yet. Who can I call on the CA tax franchise board to get a live agent to talk to about this?  

Three weeks is not a long time nowadays. Keep on waiting.  


I collected CA unemployment from 9/1 to 12/31 while living in AZ  

See this TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2895983-how-do-i-allocate-split-income-for-a-part-year-state-retur...  


I spent 180  dollars as start up cost along with.400 dollars for business trips,training expenses  

Business expenses are tax deductible, however the expense must be for business, and you are not being reimbursed for travel by your employer. For example, if you spent $1,000 to go to a conference that lasts 2-days. ALL of your expenses are related to the conference, i.e, food, hotel, air, etc. went towards the conference, all is deductible. If however, you spent an extra night, then only 2/3 of the expenses are deductible. It is also a red flag for a possible audit. Hope this provides some help.  


Who at TurboTax is going to help me sort this out?  And if you tell me to call 1-800[xx] that wont help.  Ive been on hold forever.  Ive always used H&R block and never had a problem.  This is the first time Ive tried Turbo Tax and will NEVER use it again.  

If the IRS was paid then the notice is incorrect so simply reply and attach a copy of the bank/CC statement showing where the US Treasury was already paid. This situation is not unusual as those bills are sent out by a computer in a different department than the one receiving the payments so there was a disconnect. It is  easy to fix so respond accordingly.  


Im REALLY pissed off right now folks. Quicken is holding my data hostage. I updated my account to a valid e-mail address, updated my password to use complex rules and cannot login to MY FILE on my computer.ETA - Sorry Quicken answers led me here. After trying several other support links, I did resolve using the QCLEAN uninstall procedures here http://www.quicken.com/support/using-qcleanui-uninstall-quicken Still pissed off I lost three hours after having used Quicken products since like 97.  

This is the Turbo Tax forum ....    Heres a  link to the Quicken forum:\nhttps://qlc.intuit.com/quicken 


I've already filed 2015 returns with different vendor.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3436891  


Yes, very cute design. Extremely hard to read. Why is everyone doing tiny letters on white backgrounds. Stupid! Just Stupid! Your layout is stupid.  

Try CTL + +. works in Chrome,AND TurboTax CD/Download.  


I filed by paper (and got USPS Return Receipt back saying that IRS received it on time), this year I didnt get refund, instead I owe to IRS. How do I find out the status of my return?There is a link https://www.irs.gov/Refunds which allows to get return status if I expect refund, but I dont and as a result I was not able to use that web site because there is no any option to enter the amount I owe, therefore my return could not be found.How do I know whether IRS accepted my return or not?  

In your situation,  no news is good news applies.  When a taxpayer mails a tax return that indicates a payment due the IRS, and makes payment in a timely fashion, you wont hear from the IRS immediately.  The IRS will notify you by mail if they find any type error in your return.  So basically, your return has been accepted unless the IRS notifies you otherwise.Just confirm that your payment has gone through (cancelled check, credit card statement, etc.), and youre done for now.  


According to publication 970, Qualified education expenses:For purposes of tax-free scholarships and fellowship grants, these are expenses for:-Tuition and fees required to enroll at or attend an eligible educational institution; and-Course-related expenses, such as fees, books, supplies, and equipment that are required for the courses at the eligible educational institution. These items must be required of all students in your course of instruction.If and to the extent your scholarship or fellowship grant doesn't meet the requirements described earlier, it is taxable and must be included in gross income. You can use Worksheet 1-1 to figure the tax-free and taxable parts of your scholarship or fellowship grant.However, the instructions for form 1099-MISC say:Scholarship or fellowship grants that are taxable to the recipient because they are paid for teaching, research, or other services as a condition for receiving the grant are considered wages and must be reported on Form W-2. Other taxable scholarship or fellowship payments (to a degree or nondegree candidate) do not have to be reported by you to the IRS on any form. See section 117(b)-(d) and Regulations section 1.6041-3(n) for more information.I've tried to find the sections referenced and haven't had any luck. I'm generally confused because the way I'm understanding it, one IRS document says you must include these scholarships, fellowships and grant amounts in your reported income while the other document says you don't have to report any fellowship amounts that aren't considered wages for teaching, research etc. to the IRS on any form at all. So, which is the correct statement? Or am I misunderstanding this?  

It doesnt say that the money is not taxable/reportable on your tax return, it only says that the payer doesnt have to report it to the IRS on a form like a W2 or 1099.You would enter that fellowship under credits and deductions - educational expenses. Click through all the questions not relevant until you get to the part to enter the fellowship/scholarship amount. It will then be added to line 7 of your 1040 and next to it will be written SCH <amount>  


Im trying to file my tan return and when it goes to processing it stops and says were sorry CRA was unable to accept your tax return. its sayinf that it was already received and gave me a conformation number but i havent filed yet ??  

You are taxed on your total income. If the amount withheld is not enough to pay the extra tax, then your refund goes down.  


Turbo Tax deluxe 2015, desktop  

Since you have the Desktop version, you can switch to Forms Mode (icon upper right of screen), a list of forms will show on the left.  Click on the 1040X form, it will show on the right.  Click the print button at the bottom of the form. 


NJ has requested a resubmission of my NJ income tax return specifically Part II allocation of wage and salary income earned partly inside and outside NJ. Any ideas?  

For the quickest way forward, respond as instructed in the letter from the State of NJ.  


I am a consultant that is a W2 employee with a consulting firm.  I am on a contract that will run for approximately 14 months.  My employer reimburses me for my expenses such as flight, hotel, and car rental.  This reimbursement is not listed as income for me, and therefore is not taxed.  This leads me to believe that my employer deducts this expense.  I heard from some peers that after 12 months, the tax implications may change.  Something about a job changing from a "temporary" to "indefinite" status.  Is there any validity to this?  Some consultants have said that if they simply work from home for a month, this is sufficient to "break up" the contract.  Any input would be helpful!  

This reimbursement is not listed as income for me, and therefore is not taxed.The reimbursement is income to you and should be taxed.  If when the job started it was reasonably expected to last more than 12 months, the reimbursements are fully taxable in the year(s) received.  


How do I get a printed copy of prior tax returns?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I efiled taxes and approved payment.  My federal taxes we drafted from my account.  But the state taxes (NC) have yet to be drafted?  Am I missing something?Daniel  

Ahhhh..North Carolina...Even if your NC e-filing was full accepted......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, and some other states do too,  but NC doesnt).Thus, TurboTax cannot arrange that NC Debit payment for you along with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html  


Or at very least cannot find it on my PC.  I do have pdf file  

If you paid TurboTAX for 2014, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact for assistance getting the 2014 version on your computer.  


I photograph everything on location, and do mostly weddings. My office is used 100% for this business, nothing else.  

If the office is used regularly and exclusively for business the business portion of home costs is based on square feet.  The ration is the square feet of your office divided by the total heated and cooled square feet of your home.  For example, a 120 square feet office in a 2000 square feet home would result in a deduction of 6% of home costs.  


Just because I received the first letter of review does that def mean that I will have to take further actions or is there a chance that I could still just receive my refund without having to do anything  

For best results, follow the directions in the letter from the IRS.If it does not ask you to submit something, there is nothing to do. 


I lost the downloaded finished form.  Can I access them through Intuit?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I used online turbo tax in 2015 but did not use its deductible during 2015. Charity info automatically populated into 2015 taxes from 2014 taxes  

You can import from Its Deductible into TurboTax but you cant export from TurboTax into Its Deductible.  


Has anyone else had this issue?  I log into my account (the same account used to submit 2015 tax returns), but it will not allow me to view 2015 tax returns as it says I have not paid.  I've also used TurboTax for past year's tax returns and I cannot view those returns either.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


i provided consulting services to 3 small companies, i did major part of the work in their offices but i did use my study at home for some of the work.  My gross billing are 10k but one of my clients refused to pay me 500. and the expenses related to this business is 400. Can i get any deduction on any of them? can i get any benefit?  

but i did use my study at home for some of the work The IRS has some pretty strict requirements for claiming a home office deduction https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Home-Office-Deductionand your statement sounds a bit too casual to be able to claim one.  But read the information above and work through the Home Office Expense interview to see if you can qualify.You need to file a Schedule C for your independent contractor work.  Your revenue will amount to the payments that youve actually received.  (I assume youll use the cash method of accounting.)  Any out of pocket costs incurred in this consulting work - even costs for work that you ended up not getting paid for - are legitimate deductions.Tom Young  


How can I get back into what I entered for 2015 and either file electronically or print so I can mail to IRS?  It's way after deadline now. :(  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changesSee this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to e-fie your return after selecting to mail - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2403338-how-do-i-change-from-mail-to-e-file  


Will IRS refund the misapplied amount?  I can't afford to pay the amount due twice.  The notice said nothing about why it was misapplied (was it something I did wrong?).  I had paid online using their website so I'm not sure how a mistake could have been made.  Advice online about this form isn't very helpful, it mostly describes that this could be an internal error on the IRS's part...but that hardly seems like I should have to make the payment a second time if that's the case.  The notice itself is VERY vague as to what actually happened and how to avoid it happening again.  

What should I do if I believe the payment was incorrectly removed?Mail us [IRS] a copy of the proof of payment to the address on the notice.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-CP60-Notice  


how do I get a hold of someone to talk to  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


My daughter does not have a SSN card yet.  It will take up to six months to obtain.  She was born in 2015 and I need to amend my taxes so I can claim her for this past year.  She has a valid U.S. passport and a CRBA certificate, but no SSN yet.  Can I amend last years taxes with her passport number or do I have to have the SSN to do so.  

You have to have the childs SSN.  https://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/07/07_06_015.jsp?level=basic  


so now the refund says 5000, i'm overseas and i need this money from tax year 2014 please. can you find out why its less and why its taking so long to get back as now they have my eic details that was the question they had.  

Only the IRS can tell you that.    If the IRS has reduced your refund, they should tell you the reason.    Eventually they questioned the EIC that you claimed and that will delay things.  Nobody but you can get information from the IRS about your account.    You can also contact the tax Advocate.https://www.irs.gov/Advocate  


My wife switched jobs last year and because she had already made contributions to the 401(k) of the first job, she ended up over-contributing to the 401(k) of the second job.  We did our taxes at the last minute and I caught this right before filing on April 18; I immediately submitted an email request to the plan administrator to remove the excess deferral (of course, the administrator was closed).  I followed instructions on how to report this assuming I would get a 1099R, so we paid taxes on it as if included in wages for 2015, but it seems that since the request came after April 15, the administrator will not remove the excess amount.  What now?  Ive reached out to a couple CPAs, but thought Id see what the community says as well.  Thanks!  Ive seen this question and answer https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3289431 and its close, but I dont think the question asker had actually reported the excess as wages.  

There is nothing more to do.  Even though this money was required to be taxed on your 2015 tax return, it does not create after-tax basis in the 401(k).  The money will simply be taxed again when eventually distributed as would any regular distribution from the 401(k).  Double taxation is effectively the penalty for not receiving a timely corrective distribution.  


The State claims they never received the 2010 filing, but IRS did!  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I have almost completed the TurboTax online return, but the form wont let me complete the return until I add W2 details. I dont have a W2 and will not be getting one as I am not an employee. How do I complete my return without one?  

You need to report all your income even if you don't get a 1099Misc. You use your own records.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Fill out Schedule C here The Business Tab - ContinueI'll choose what I work on Business Income and ExpensesThen.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateYou use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is automatically generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment.  You pay 15.3% SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf  


My husband is a remodel contractor. We havent claimed  the use of our home for his business purpose (such as office and storage). We know we can, but wonder what are pros and cons of doing that? Thank you!  

A home office deduction is just that - a deduction.  It reduces your income subject to tax, your tax liability for income taxes, and your tax liability for self-employment tax.  While its true that the portion allocated to depreciation may need to be added back as income when you sell the home, youre still ahead of the game because of the time value of money (you get the reduction in tax today but dont need to repay it until the future.)While its true that you need to claim all of your business expenses, a home office deduction is easy to avoid.  The criteria is regular and exclusive use.  My bet is that when considering doing such things as personal business, reviewing investments (investment expenses dont qualify for home office), surfing the internet, etc., almost no home office really meets the exclusive test.  Ive never heard of the IRS trying to allow a home office deduction when none was claimed.  


By mistake I put my husbands 1099R under the w2 section of my taxes for the last few years and only caught it this year so I need to re do them  

See this re amending those returns:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 


I moved midyear and am filing both a PA and MA state return. My W2 entered in Turbotax shows roughly 40k in MA wages (box 16) and roughly 2k in state income withheld (box 17) which coincides nicely with the 5% state tax rate. I just finished both state returns and PA taxes due are ~100$ but MA taxes due are 2k+. I've gone back into my W2 information on turbotax and confirmed that both state tax lines are accurate. Turbotax does not seem to be acknowledging the MA state withheld.  

Next time you move - prepare the non-resident state return first. This is due to the way TurboTAX works.  


I claimed my son and was not suppose to. I amended my return and need to know if its been accepted. Im unsure of how to find this information out.  

Amended returns must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process. You can check the status here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 


filed April 17th says returns on May 7th still not here  

TT refund dates are just estimates, Check the IRS website.  


i guess certain people were checked because of the identity fraud and i was one of them so they never gave me my return last year?  

Contact the state and ask them how  to proceed.  


when I submitted my return, I put an incorrect account number so it didn't get deposited yet. How do I fix this?  

If the bank is unable to match the account and your name, it will refuse the direct deposit and the IRS will issue a paper check and mail it to the address on your tax return.  


I need to retrieve my old W-2  

\n\nTurboTax does not\nhave copies of your W-2s, only the information you entered or had\nimported.  The TurboTax program has a W-2 Wage and Tax Statement (it gives\nall the information that was on your W-2 but it is not a W-2)\n\nYou can ask your\nemployer for another copy, or you can fill out Form 4506-T (Request for\nTranscript of Tax Return), check Line 8 Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098\nseries, or Form 5498 series transcript, and mail in the form. The IRS can\nprovide a transcript that includes data from these information returns.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf\n\nOr to order the\ntranscript online by mail:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Order-a-Transcript\n\n You can also get a\ncopy of your W-2s from the Social Security Administration, but there is a\ncharge of $38 per copy. Type copy of W-2 in the search box for\ninformation\nhttp://ssa-custhelp.ssa.gov/app/answers/detail/a_id/301  


I have receipts from the site I used to pay online, which I was directed to through the IRS website.  Ive double checked to make sure all my info I entered in was correct.  Should I just send them the return envelope with the receipts?  

Send the IRS copies of your receipt, as well as proof that the payment actually came out of your bank account or credit card.  


I bought a program that will take care of all requirements when I die. It cost 2,154.00. I guess you could call it a death policy. Can I claim it as a deduction? If so, how?  

The 1099-LTC form is entered in the Wages and Income section:1. Federal Taxes2. Wages & Income, Jump to Full list3. Scroll down to Less Common Income4. Select Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C5. Select Long-term account distributions (Form 1099-LTC)  


when i clicked on "what else counts" it stated "A union that you are a member of". i have a union at work that i am part of.  

Im not sure what TurboTax says, but just being in a union is not health insurance.  Your union might PROVIDE health insurance (which would count as health insurance), but the union itself does not count as health insurance.  


We need a copy of tax statements we just filed. Please send a Link to my most recent tax statement  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I think I used the EZ form.  Also, this site is telling me that it acquired $973 for me, but I only got $773 in my bank account.  And I believe this year's refund was $773ish.  Thanks.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


When I click on My Tax Timeline nothing happens  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My 2015 return was rejected, so I took it to an accountant rather than continuing to use turbotax for that year. I've tried to upgrade to print my 2014 return, but it won't complete the process until i finish and file for 2015.  

You do not have to finish and file a 2015 TurboTax online return to pay for the upgrade.  You can pay for the current edition you are using.  You must have signed onto your online account either started or continued your 2015 return for the payment option to be available.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I filed my return in January but my account looks like it doesn't have any returns.  I know I filed it correctly and on this account.  I've even gotten my refund.  Don't know where to find my return now.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I am just trying to get my tax information from 2012 so I can fix Missouri losing my tax info for that year  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Under "Personal Deductions and Credits", you have a section called "Other Income Taxes" and "Withholdings Not Already Entered on a W-2 or 1099"When I enter a certain amount for California withholding, this person's CA re.fund increased by the exact amount that was entered.  It is a 1:1 ratio.  This is the amount they paid for withholdings so they get it back in their state refund entirely 100%However, for another person, when I enter another amount, this does not change their CA refund at all.  Only their federal refund slightly increases.  It used to go up or down as a 1:1 ratio by the exact amount entered.  Why did it change?  Her income or deductibles did not change from before.  Is there a glitch in the system?  

Solved by poster 


I have childres and filed in january have not received any ponstab  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


How do I find out what my refund was seized for? I was given a general answer that it was for child support or unpaid taxes. I'm single, no children, and I paid all my taxes every year. What's going on?!  

If the IRS seizes all or part of your refund, they will send you a letter of explanation.  But it may take a bit of time for that letter to come.  


No one claimed her when filing taxes this year.  

You don't list someone on a W-4 or W-2.  Someone claimed the daughters exemption, if it wasn't on your return, then possibly the other parent?  or it could have been a stranger that by coincidence has a dependent with the last name that's the same first 4 letters as your daughter's last name and they made a typo in the SSN they put in.(IRS cross matches the first 4 letters of the last name with the SSN)The end result is the same, a paper return will need to be filed, you wont be able to transmit the return electronically.  


Is this a legitimate call? I bought all the audit defense stuff this year.  

It is a scam.Per the IRS:Issue Number:    IR-2016-62 April 13, 2016Inside This IssueIRS Warns of Continued Scams, Varied Tactics as the Tax Deadline NearsWASHINGTON  The Internal Revenue Service today issued a warning that scammers may try using the April 18 tax deadline to prey on hard-working taxpayers by impersonating the IRS and others with fake phone calls and emails. Even after the tax deadline passes, taxpayers should know the telltale signs of a scam and tips to protect themselves from a variety of phone scams and phishing emails.Weve seen continuing activity in these scams throughout the filing season, said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. As the tax deadline nears, these criminals may try and trick honest taxpayers over the phone or via email, and people should remain vigilant. After the tax deadline, watch out for these scammers promising a refund or threatening you with an unexpected tax bill.These scam artists frequently masquerade as being from the IRS, a tax company and sometimes even a state revenue department. By email, they try enticing people to click on links on official-looking messages containing questions related to their tax refund. Report these emails to phishing@irs.gov. By phone, many scammers use threats to intimidate and bully people into paying a tax bill. They may even threaten to arrest, deport or revoke the drivers license of their victim if they dont get the money.Variations of these scams can be seen nationwide, and its more important than ever to be cautious with providing personal or financial information. As part of the effort to protect taxpayers, the IRS has teamed up with state revenue departments and the tax industry to make sure taxpayers understand the dangers to their personal and financial data as part of the Taxes. Security.Together campaign.  Some examples of the varied tactics seen this year are:Soliciting W-2 information from payroll and human resources professionals--IR-2016-34Verifying tax return information over the phone--IR-2016-40Pretending to be from the tax preparation industry--IR-2016-28There are some important reminders for taxpayers nationwide about these schemes:Watch Out for Threatening Phone CallsBeware of scammers making unsolicited calls claiming to be IRS officials. They demand that the victim pay a bogus tax bill. They con the victim into sending cash, usually through a prepaid debit card or wire transfer. They may also leave urgent callback requests through phone robo-calls, or via a phishing email.Scammers often alter caller ID numbers to make it look like the IRS or another agency is calling. The callers use IRS titles and fake badge numbers to appear legitimate. They may use the victims name, address and other personal information to make the call sound official.The IRS Will Never:Call to demand immediate payment over the phone, nor will the agency call about taxes owed without first having mailed you a bill.Threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law-enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.Demand that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe.Require you to use a specific payment method for your taxes, such as a prepaid debit card.Ask for credit or debit card numbers over the phone.If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS and asking for money and you dont owe taxes, heres what you should do:Do not give out any information. Hang up immediately.Contact TIGTA to report the call. Use their IRS Impersonation Scam Reporting web page or call 800-366-4484.Report it to the Federal Trade Commission. Use the FTC Complaint Assistant on FTC.gov. Please add IRS Telephone Scam in the notes.If you think you might owe taxes, call the IRS directly at 1-800-829-  


I am receiving pension payments from my 403b fund.  One of our child is specified as\nthe beneficiary of this annuity, and she will be paid for her life from this\nannuity after I pass away. 1) Should the value of this annuity be\nincluded in my estate ?. The following document states that an\nestate tax is not applicable to 403b annuity: CFR 20.2039-2 - Annuities under\nqualified plans and section 403(b) annuity contractshttps://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/20.2039-2 However, I also heard that this rule was\nrepealed and that the value of a 403b annuity is taxable unless no exemption\nrules are applicable.2) If I need to include this annuity in\nmy estate, can I calculate the value of the annuity at the time of my death by\nusing the formula    \nP * (1  S) / ( I *0.01) * Kwhere P is the yearly payment, S the\nRemainder factor, I the 7520 interest rate, and K the Monthly Payment\nAdjustment factor. S and K are the values in Tables S and K\naccessible from the page https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Actuarial-Tablesand I is the 7520 Interest at https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Section-7520-Interest-Rates \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThese\nvalues, of course, may change in the future.3) What are the best IRS documents that describe this problem?  

This is a TT income tax software program user forum.Your question can best be answered by a local estate attorney.  


The letter indicates I am required to reconcile the advanced payment on my tax return using form 8962.  After completing my taxes in April using Turbotax, I emailed your company asking about this but did not receive any reply.  Now I must do this reconciliation and I think your company should help me.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5353141  


I paid for the audit when I did my 2013 taxes. I have a letter from IRS, they have some questions for my 2013 taxes. I need TurboTax help. Please call me at [remove phone and email]  

You should have received an Audit Defense membership kit after you purchased the option for your 2013 tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for Audit Defense - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kitFor questions or concerns about your Audit Defense membership, contact TaxAudit.com at intuit.taxaudit.com/intuit, by e-mailing intuit.audit.sales@taxaudit.com, or by calling toll-free (877) 829-9695.  


I see this complaint all over the discussion boards yet everyone seems to have failed at getting the refund. Im furious. What a racket ...Has anyone had success? If so, can you please tell me how?!?  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for all billing questions.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.  


Can I post both my W-2 and 1099 as personal income? Or does the 1099 have to be reported as business income?Thanks!  

To add schedule C incomeGo to Business tab- then ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on Then..Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you haven't added a business yet you have to go though a lot of screens describing your business.  Or if you already added your business, you should see the Business Summary page that lists your businesses, (right below the list you can Add Another Business)Then click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last. Click Start or Update by Business IncomeThen Either by 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update buttonOr either by General Income for Business Income not reported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button  


I picked an option and then decided that I didn't want to get it back that way. I continued with the process but I am unsure how I am officially getting it back.  

After you have filed  you can print a copy, paper or pdf, that will have your filing instructions on a cover sheet and the information for direct deposit is on the 1040.  


Can I get the e-mail resent?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302351 


I cant find the answer, from all of the answers there is no where to tell me how to fix the error, w-2 amount was wrong, where should I report the excess amount after 4/15, whats the penalty?  

\n\nWhat happens if you fail to meet the excess deferrals tax-filing deadline?You will have to not only report your excess deferral as income for the year you made the contribution, but also pay taxes on it in the year you finally withdraw it. In other words, youll get taxed twice on the same contribution.\n\n\n\n1. Figure out which retirement account you want to remove the excess salary deferral from. You can use IRS Publication 560, Retirement Plans for Small Business, to help you decide.2. Notify the plan administrator (the company or broker that handles your retirement account) that you have an excess salary deferral as soon as possible.3. Withdraw the funds no later than April 15, 2016 to avoid paying additional taxes on the excess deferral.4. Report the excess deferral on your 2015 return in the Income section for Retirement Plans and Social Security whether or not you received a Form 1099-R before you file your return. Enter as much information as you can. Report the excess deferral amount in boxes 1 and 2a, and use code P in box 7. Indicate that this is a 2016 Form 1099-R.5. In 2016, you will probably receive two Forms 1099-R. One reports the excess deferral amount. The other reports the earnings on the excess deferral. Enter both of these forms in your 2016 return, and well only add the earnings to your 2016 income.\n\n\n\nExample 1:Jessica is 25 years old and changed jobs in 2015 She contributed $10,000 to her 401(k) plan at her first job. She contributed $11,000 to her 401(k) plan at her second job. Because the maximum she can contribute in 2015 is $18,000, Jessica put too much money into her 401(k) accounts. She figured this by taking the difference between her total contributions ($21,000) and the maximum she can contribute ($18,000). This overpayment (called an excess salary deferral) must be withdrawn as soon as Jessica discovers it, and no later than April 15 to avoid additional taxes.Jessica notifies the plan administrator of her second job, and they issue her a refund of the overpayment plus earnings. She reports this on her 2015 return as if she received a Form 1099-R with the overpayment amount in boxes 1 and 2a and code P in box 7.On her 2016 return, Jessica enters the forms she received from the plan administrator. Only the earnings on the overpayment will be added to Jessicas 2016 income.Example 2:Assume same information as Example 1. But Jessica doesnt discover the overpayment until November 20, and she had already filed her 2015 return. She notifies the plan administrator immediately, and she withdraws the excess on December 5.Jessica must pay additional taxes on the overpayment because she didnt withdraw the funds by April 15. She amends her 2015 return to report the overpayment as if she received Form 1099-R (same as Example 1) and pays the additional taxes.On her 2016 return, Jessica enters the forms she received from the plan administrator. Only the earnings on the overpayment will be added to Jessicas 2016 income.Example 3:Robert is 52 years old and changed jobs in 2015 He contributed $15,000 to his 401(k) plan at his first job. He contributed $11,000 to his 401(k) plan at his second job. Because the maximum he can contribute in 2015 is $18,000, Robert put too much money into his 401(k) accounts. He figured this by taking the difference between his total contributions ($26,000) and the maximum he can contribute ($18,000). This difference must be withdrawn as soon as Robert discovers it, but no later than April 15 to avoid additional taxes.Robert notifies the plan administrator of his second job, and they tell him he had a loss on his account, and $500 of the loss applies to his overpayment. They issue him a refund of the overpayment minus the $500 loss. He reports the net amount he  


My return has my banking information listed correctly and we even ID verified with our DL #s.  What happened?  And what about the TT fees???  

Efiling just gets your tax return into the IRS pipeline faster.  Only the IRS can tell you why they chose to mail you a check.  Perhaps your bank rejected the direct deposit.  


Said my husbands pin # was invalid?  

If  this is about a 2014 return and the error was an Efile PIN then all you can do now is mail in the return and the PIN is not needed.  


The "home page" for TurboTax that I am directed to acts as if I have not filed my taxes yet (such as offering the different TurboTax packages). All of my contact information is correct so it's not as if I am not logged in.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My Quicken starter edition 2013 stopped working so I purchased 2016.  Now I cannot do my banking!  Intuit is requiring me to sign in but shows me an error message.  Please tell me how to open quicken without signing in to intuit?   I dont want to do my banking online.   This is very frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

This is the Intuit TurboTax website for tax and TurboTax program questions.  Go to this Intuit Quicken website for assistance - https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken 


my state income tax withheld was 249.60 why am i only getting 75 of it  

First, $75 out of $249.60 is 30%.Second, you do not get all of your withholding back, just the excess (if any) over your state tax liability.  


I do vending and am reporting net sales, (gross sales less tax), to the state. It is this figure that they calculate sales tax on. Essentially I deduct tax from the quarter, then and that is the sale price that I report of the vended item. I am not able to collect tax on top of the 25 cent vend. All other retailers are adding the tax to the price of the item. In other words, the tax money is paid in addition to the price that the item is selling for. Therefore can I deduct sales tax I pay as an expense in operating? I am losing inventory that is being used to pay sales taxes.  

You need to report the gross amount of your sales.That is what the sales tax is based on. Since you are not collecting the sales tax on your sales you can deduct the amount you paid as an expense on your schedule C.Your inventory value should be the cost of your product and the cost of goods sold is the cost x item count. 


I have bought business attire for attending the seminars as well.Can this expense be shown as tax deductible  

Theres a lot of info on the Amway site about this. However, almost all the Amway cases in the body of tax authority are about Amway IBOs who lost money and had their losses disallowed by the IRS.http://www.forbes.com/sites/peterjreilly/2014/04/28/tax-court-denies-amway-losses-again/#2d1dfd2b65f...I suggest you see a local tax professional to help you get started on setting up your business and books properly.  


It was efiled and accepted April 8.  Now, in order to track the overdue refund, I need to SEE the 2015 form 1040.  WHERE IS IS???  

If you prepared the return in Online TurboTax, and dont find any evidence of it at all in your 2015 Tax Timeline, report back and well tell you how to look for multiple accounts.  You may be in the wrong one.   [NOTE:  I went ahead and left you the info on troubleshooting that situation in the comment that follows this answer.]Otherwise, assuming you are in the correct account, heres how to view/print a return thats been filed.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but that will be a basic one.  Sometimes it will not have all the forms you are looking for.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


THAT IS SELF EXPLANATORY. YOU GOOFE AND MUST PAY FOR MY ANXIETY.  

Please go back to personal income section; select  I will choose what I work on .... Then go down the list of income categories  ( as you did the first time ), select  IRA/401K , pension.... from the Retirement  group now you should see a blue box on the right hand side  allowing you to edit the entry that you have made  -- go through all the following screens till you come to one that says Where is the distribution from .. --- now select your type of pension. The problem here is that the programs default position ( at least on my  machine ) is  Military -- the first one. So if you dont change it , MI will  transfer as military pension.  Hope this fixes your issue.  If you need more help -- please add to this thread and one of us will walk you through.  


I wanted to print my return  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Turbo Tax added wages from something on line 1 wages, SCH 1568, have no idea what this is or where it came from  

SCH 1568 means a taxable scholarship of $1,568.  


I have my own account. I used it to file a return for one of my kids last year. This year, I want to use my account or email address to file a tax return for one of my other children  

When you use Turbotax Online version, you can prepare only one return per account/payment. This Turbotax help topic tells you how to start another return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894512-how-do-i-start-a-second-return-in-turbotax-online  


I filed as independent, but my parents put me on their marketplace healthcare coverage (and thus my name was on their 1095-A). The IRS sent me a letter saying they need a completed form 8962, and a copy of form 1095-A. I did not personally receive a 1095-A, I guess I can send my parents' copy. BUT I cannot fill out a 8962, since TurboTax (incorrectly, it looks like) suggested I file a 1040-EZ, which is not possible to use to fill out form 8962 (I checked the instructions).  I'm not sure what to do - any thoughts?  

[ ]  


I filed my and my wife's California taxes with TurboTax. It was not until I received a notice that I owed money in May that I realized the error. On line 72 of the 540 form there is a field populated by TurboTax (I have no way of entering this data) that pulled the previous year's tax balance into this year's taxes. The end result is that I owed, but my wife overpaid. This error is significant and needs to be corrected. Now I hope California is as honest in refunding overpayment as they are demanding more money... This is an issue that has popped up on Google because others have experienced the same issue in 2013 and it still seems to be an issue.  

Line 72  2015 CA Estimated Tax and Other Payments.   Enter the total of any:  California estimated tax payments you made using 2015 Form 540-ES,\nelectronic funds withdrawal, Web Pay, or credit card.  Overpayment from your 2014 California income tax return that you\napplied to your 2015 estimated tax.  Payment you sent with form FTB 3519, Payment for Automatic Extension\nfor Individuals.  California estimated tax payments made on your behalf by an estate,\ntrust, or S corporation on Schedule K-1 (541) or Schedule K-1 (100S)Did you enter any estimated tax payments for CA in the Federal section?  


she owned her vehicle for 3 years prior. its used in all her personal and family situations. she has asked me to cover oil changes, fuel, insurance, her loan payments and all repairs. I never have access to the truck unless we are working.  

am I responsible for my business partners personal vehicle that we use for workYou are asking a legal question, not an income tax one. Also check your Partnership agreement. 


Can I download the tool to help determine the value of the clothing I am donating to an excel spreadsheet? As I make donations throughout the year, I can then just save a spreadsheet for each donation I make and then add them up at the end of the year.  

No, you cant download the ItsDeductible applet and its database from inside the TurboTax program.  You can, however, use the free ItsDeductible website to value and track your donations all year long.   You can enter them at the ItsDeductible website, then at tax time you can import them into TurboTax.Here is the ItsDeductible website:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/  


My husband and I got married last year.. I was unaware of his past due child support...the IRS sent a notice of offset, would I be able to file injured spouse  without amending my return?  

Yes, thats one of the uses of the form.  It can be filed with a return, or by itself after an adverse action on your return.  


The focus is on deductions related to selling a rental property.  

The IRS has a list of reputable preparers in any area.  You probably want to look for an Enrolled Agent.http://irs.treasury.gov/rpo/rpo.jsf  


Can I have a live person talk to me at the IRS office were taxes are being process over 21day's?Phone number please?  

Sorry -- for live contact to IRS, you have to call the IRS. Also you can get the current status of the processing at www.irs.gov/refundyou will need your SSN, filing status and exact amount of refund expected  


Hi thereI married and changed my name last year. I'm trying to find/print my 2014 returns for a load application. It's not listed in my tax-timeline and I'm not interested in paying the IRS for the record seeing that I used Turbotax to file... Can you help?  

log on to the user account you used in 2014 to prepare your 2014 tax return.  


Need to know why my taxes were not processed.  Completed on April 3 2016.  

The processing of the return and issuing of the refund are the responsibility of IRS ONLY. TurboTax only helps you prepare and file the return for you.  Please visit www.irs.gov/refunds  for the latest information on the processing and/or issuance of the refund. If not satisfied with what you see there, you will have to call the IRS .  


I filed W-7 first without the tax return. IRS refused it.  

assuming quite a few things about your status and that of your spouse, if you trying to file without ITIN for your spouse,  you can indeed paper-file and include the ITIN application along with the return. IRS will then issue the ITIN and essentially apply towards your currently filed return. They want to make sure that ITINs are given only to those who are going to use them to file returns.  


My mother-in-law stays with us. She files her own tax return. What costs can she pay us that will not require us to pay income taxes on? I guess she cant pay rent without we paying income tax for that?  

When you have family living together sharing expenses you dont have a taxable rental situation so what they pay or how much is immaterial.  


You are looking into the "problem?"  

did IRS send you a letter asking you to provide a 1095-A, the form 8962 and a signed copy of the page #2 of your modified ( to reflect the changes caused by 1095-A entries) -- yes ?  Suggest you go back into your return, pretend you are doing an amended return, make the changes,  then print the modified/amended return,  sign & date page  and send the following by mail / fax to the address show on the top right hand of your letter;(a) page 2 of the form 1040(b) 1095-A (c) form 8962Do not send the 1050-X generated in this process  


I never filed my 2015 tax return  

Never filed a return last April 15, 2015 and need to do so.So you are actually asking how to file a 2014 Tax Return; i.e., tax year 2014?If so, a 2014 return cannot be prepared online with TurboTax.  You have to purchase and install 2014 software.  You can purchase it from TurboTax, or you may be able to find it at a discount at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.The 2014 return has to be printed and mailed.  It cannot be efiled.To purchase  2014 software as a download from TurboTax:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


I want a refund on the fees I paid you. You lost me money and time!!!!!  

No one in this forum can help you. You have to call TurboTax customer service. To call customer service, see the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need the 2013 its deductible records for an audit.  

Lisa 995 is correct. However, ItsDeductible only uses estimates, which are then updated when you transfer it into the tax program. Thus, youe 2013 ItsDeductible values are of limited use, such they will not be the same as what you claimed on your 2013 tax return.  


Now as I begin to hit file I am being asked for 100+ for federal and $39.99 for state.  The offer when I started was pay for state and 0 for Federal, do I need a coupon code or something.  

visit www.irs.gov for a list of tax preparers offering free e-Filing.  


Chose to amend a tax for when it asked if I'd like to amend last year's taxes, and I clicked yes by accident and now it won't let me file without the chosen "amend" status for the form. I don't need to amend but it wants to file it as an amended form even though no info was entered. How do I undo the filing option so I don't submit it as an amended form?  

See the instructions in the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4170678  


already filed but need a copy of my return  

If you efiled, has it been accepted?  If you wait until it is accepted, it will include the electronic postmark document.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF there, which will be a pretty basic version.There is a larger PDF there under the link all forms and worksheets that includes the worksheets.   Does that PDF have everything you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


after I filed joint return with my husband who passed away in 2015, I received Schedule K-1 form 1041 beneficiarys share of income from his estate.  Do I need to amend 2015s 1040 ? or can I report that income in 2016s ?  

If youre adding a 2015 K-1, you have to amend your 2015 return.  You cant add it to your 2016 return.  


I just paid for & filed my taxes. My bank account shows that it was paid for twice @ 86.59 each!! !!  How do I cancell the 2nd payment?  

For any account-specific issues, you can phone TurboTax Support on Monday.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I really really need your help. my girls need this. I am out of work right now because i have Lupus & Fibromyalgia and we are barely surviving on the $115 he sends for child support. Check my history, i have always claimed her because he has made it very clear she means nothing to him. Im trying to raise 2 kids and I desperately need this money. My girls need this money. When i asked him about this he laughed and said it was worth it to hurt you. I only speak to him maybe twice a year and my daughter talks to him maybe 4 times a year. not even his bday or fathers day. He just wants to hurt me and i dont know why. now there were a few years [personal inf deleted] claimed her bc we were married and i wasnt working but its been me since 2008-2009.  

You will need to file your return by regular mail claiming your daughter.The IRS will figure out, who is allowed to claim her. They might contact you for supporting information that she lived with you more than halftone year, so you might want to get that ready (school records, doctors office etc.)The only one he is hurting is himself as he is committing fraud.  


does turbotax offers a copy of my records on my 2015 state taxes?  

See the FAQ below.   When you go to the 2015 Tax Timeline and scroll down to Some things you can do, you will see a link to view/print the PDF.  That should be the basic return forms.   The choice all forms and worksheets provides the most documents, including the calculation worksheets.  If you dont find the state return in one of those PDFs, report back, and well tell you another way to print.FAQ:  How do I print a copy of my online return after filing for my records?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


It showed up as a capital gain on the federal, but somehow was posted as a loss by TurboTax on the state return.  I assume there is insurance that covers mistakes by TurboTax to pay for this.  The payment required now is $279.52, which includes interest.  

The accuracy guarantee process is explained herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901258-accuracy-guarantee-submission-claim-formBut it only covers actual CALCULATION errors in the program, not user error (and its almost always user error), and it only pays any penalties or interest resulting from that error, not the taxes.Virginia allows a limited deduction for certain business capital gains. Ordinary capital gains (from stocks, mutual funds residential real estate, etc) should not have been deducted. You mistakenly told TurboTax that you qualified for this deduction. Its a common mistake (https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3362609-the-commonwealth-of-virginia-department-of-taxation-sent-me-a-notice-stating-they-have-disallowed-the-long-term-capital-gain-subtraction-for-tax-year-2013) and TT should do a better job of explaining it but you probably dont qualify for the guarantee.  


When I choose to download a PDF of my return, it is only giving me my state returns  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Both my wife and I work full time and when we go to fill "Your Child and Dependent Care Credit summary", it says that my wife needs to work to claim this or be studying. I have entered an income for both of us under other income as we are working and living overseas. What is the issue and how can I fix?  

we are working and living overseas.  Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. Foreign earned income you exclude from income is not included.  


I clearly entered my 1099R amount on line 16a on my 2014 1040 return. I was unaware that I was to transfer that amount to line 16b, I thought Turbo Tax would know the amount, stupid maybe but apparently that was my thought process. I guess I understand that I do owe the taxes of $9,800 but the penalty and interest has raised that amount to $12,190. Can turbo tax help in any way to help get rid of the penalties? After all they ran the analysis before I sent my returns and they didn't raise any red flags. Will the IRS get rid of the penalty, I clearly did not do this on purpose. Any help would be appreciated, thanksMarty  

I clearly entered my 1099R amount on line 16a on my 2014 1040 return.That suggests to me that you were using a desktop version of TurboTax in forms mode, entering numbers directly on Form 1040, instead of using the interview process to enter your 1099-R information.  If thats the case you have no coverage under TurboTaxs Accuracy Guarantee.   The Accurate Calculation Guarantee does not apply to tax forms completed\n in which the data is entered directly by you onto the form, rather than\n through the use of the in-product TurboTax interview guidance. I was unaware that I was to transfer that amount to line 16b, I thought Turbo Tax would know the amount...The amount of the line 16a entry that ends up on line 16b can range from 0% to 100% of the line 16a amount.  There is no way TurboTax can know the amount to be placed on line16b unless you enter the 1099-R using the interview and then work through the entire subsequent interview process which asks questions about how much of the line 16a amount is actually taxable and needs to be transferred to line 16a.  $0 can be a valid answer.I dont think you have a leg to stand on here with TurboTax, (IF Im correct in my assumption that you were working directly on Form 1040), but you can always try:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...The IRS can waive penalties under certain situations.  You might look at this:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Penalty-Relief-Due-to-First-Time-Pen...(The penalty relief applies to more than small businesses and self employed.)Tom Young  


Last year, according to another accountant, the numbers entered into turbo tax were wrong so now we owe money  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


How does Turbotax deal with situations like these? Will i get a refund for additional estimated payments ? WHo will represent and drive the paper work with IRS  

Since nobody on this public forum can see your tax return (and do not post private information here), your best solution is to contact Turbotax support.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  


My return was sent to be manually processed on April 28th. MWR updated to we have received your tax return. It is being processed. We are in week 13 waiting for our tax return to be completed. I know it takes 11 weeks for injured spouse claims. But it caught me off guard a little when they said it was sent to be manually processed. When I asked what that meant, the irs said it meant exactly what it sounds like...help.  

Please be patient. Manual processing means a human (not a computer) is processing it, and that takes 11-14 weeks. But it can take longer, especially if you live in a Community Property State.  


I filled my return on 4/17. I was accepted however when I checked my refund status using the "where's my refund tool" on the irs website, 'It said still processing". Just today on 05/08/2016 i received in the mail an Identity verification 4883C notice. is this notice the same as the 5017C notice, which will allowing me to respond to the 4883C notice  using  the "identify.gov" online tool also  

5071C asks a taxpayer to verify their ID.4883C requests additional information.  


This relative provided financial support but will there be any complication with my taxes later on if she claims me?  

The relative cannot claim you if your gross income (2015) is more than $4000.  


I received a similar letter last year claiming I still owed around 400 dollars.  This year it states I owe 2000!  Has my identity been stolen?  

Use the recovery tool below to get your TT Online User ID and reset a password.   Use the tiny blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will ask for some info such as SSN and other parameters.  Then it should show you your account ID(s).  Then continue on to gain access.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery If you used TT Desktop then your returns exist only on your computer.I suggest you also get free transcripts from the IRS. (Identity thieves usually file for refunds, not owe taxes).https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need to file an amended return. Wanted to get started as soon as possible.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


My son lived with my parents starting beginof June so I filed that he lived with me for less then 6 month and they tried to claim him. My taxes went through ok but theirs said that I already claimed him? What do I do about this?  

You must file an amended return (Form 1040X) to unclaim him.They will have to file their own return by mail.  


I bought the Standard Online package thinking that i can do 8 claims over $25K. However, after 4 claims over $25k and 4 claims under $25K my activation code is no longer valid. As $25K and under claims should be free, I would be very disappointed to hear that because i am using an online version that the under $25k would be coming out of my credit.  

This is the USA forum. For Canada, go here:https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


I have paid to use TurboTax for my 2015 return. I used TaxtAct in 2014. How can I get a free copy of my 2014 Fed Inc Tax return without paying $50 to TaxAct.  

Turbotax has no access to your 2014 tax return prepared in Tax Act.You can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


where to i enter this info now  

Under the Federal Taxes tab (or Personal tab\n in Home and Business)Deductions &\n Credits.\n Ill choose what I work on.Deductions and Credits.\n Scroll down to topic Estimates and\n Other Taxes Paid.ESTIMATES, and click START or\n Update.\n The next screen is titled Estimates and\n Other Income Taxes. Scroll down to Payments with Extension.Choose\n the type of extension payment (State in your case) and click START (or Update).  


I am trying to amend my return per a letter I received from the IRS. I entered into TurboTax that I got an 1095-A from MassHealth. Why isn't TurboTax generating a form 8962?  

Follow the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ to get a Form 8962 as requested by the IRS - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


I earned income in AZ and CO. Box 1 of my W2 shows my wages, but there is also an amount listed in box 16 form Colorado, need to know if Box 1 already includes Box 16 or are they separate.  

Box 1 on your W-2 reports the total wages received from a specific employer and the Box 1 amount is reported as wages on line 7 of your federal form 1040 return.  Box 16 is the amount of state wages received from your employer reported in box 1.  If you worked the total year in the same state, the amount of wages in box 16 is normally the same as the wages in box 1.  If you worked in multiple states during the year, your should have wages reported for each state on separate box 16 entries of your W-2.  If you are using Turbo Tax software, when your enter the data for each W-2 box, the tax preparation software will report the correct amount on your federal and state tax returns.  


Will this affect our future returns when she goes away to college?  

Yes. Only the person who claims the students exemption\n(dependency) can claim the tuition credit or deduction. That is usually the\nparent. \n\nThe ability of a high school student or his parents to claim the credit\nor deduction is limited.  If these courses are provided by an\neligible college, this cost qualifies for the Lifetime Learning Credit (LLC).\nThe school must have policy of granting college credit for that course, already\ntaken, if the student ever enrolls there. In other words, it is a requirement\nthat the course be a college credit course, even if the student isnt currently\na college student. Its not that  the student is post secondary, its\nthat the course is post secondary. Books are not  a qualifying expense, unless included in the\ncourse fee.\n\nAlternatively, due to a 2011 change, such\ncourses now qualify for the Tuition & Fees deduction, instead of the LLC,\nbut only if tuition is paid to the college and not the high school. (http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/education/edlife/now-deduct-this.html?_r=0 ).The half time status is not relevant, because high school students are not usually eligible for the more generous American Opportunity Credit (AOC). So, your future tax returns, when she is a regular college student,  will not be affected. Only the AOC has a 4 time limit of being claimed.  


I filed my W2 for 2015, my employer sent a OMB 1545-0008 for an award and the year in the form is 2016, when should I file it?  

Forms with a 2016 date should be filed on a 2016 tax return.  


How does Turbotax understand that my wife worked without a W-2...  

You both must have Earned Income. Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. Foreign earned income you exclude from income is not included.  


Just want to know where is my refund?  

Previously answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3356520-my-return-status-has-been-the-same-for-a-month-and-a-half-... 


I entered itemized deductions, which looks like alot more than the standard deduction but at the end of the section, it is telling me to use the standard.  The amount it is showing for itemized seems wrong to me, how can I check the calculation?  

Not everything counts at 100% (such as Medical). In addition, itemized deductions phaseout at high income levels, or if you are subject to AMT.  


When I log on into my tax timeline it shows in progress.  When I spoke to a representative in April I payed an additional 100.00 to amend my taxes with the program you offer.  Please advise  

After you printed, singed/dated and mailed your amended tax return, Form 1040X, you should wait about 3 weeks before the status is available on the IRS website for amended returns.  Go to this IRS website for the status - https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


Is there a way to look at history on turbotax for the last three years or all years filed  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


no  

If the PDF of your 2014 tax return is watermarked, you will need to contact customer support.Basically, the web site generated the first PDF when your file was incomplete or not accepted yet, and never re-built the PDF after the return was finished and accepted.  Because Turbotax online only prepares the current year, the only way to build a new clean PDF is to download the tax data file to your computer, plus install Turbotax for 2014 on your computer.  Then open the file, confirm it was accepted, and make the new PDF.  Customer support can assist with this, Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


My original depositing account was hacked and so my refund cannot be sent. I filed on the 8th of February. Help!!  

If your bank account is closed the IRS will issue a paper check to your address of record.If you think it has been issued and not received https://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 


Taxes were filed 3/12/2016 with a refund supposed to be on its way, however still have not gotten and IRS website shows processing.  With zero communication from Turbo Tax.  

TT cannot speed up the IRS, so try the Tax Advocate:https://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


My computer crashed and I no longer have the Turbo Tax link - How do I access the 2015 Turbo Tax without purchasing again.  I need to file another tax form  

If you purchased a download of the desktop software from TurboTax you have up to three years from the date of purchase to download the software at any time for any reason as often as you need by signing onto your download account - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download  


I paid my prep fees in full on 4-17, on 5-6 my checking account was charged 29.99, why?  

You didnt add a state return or upgrade or anything after filing?This is mainly a user community forum.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday to inquire about any specific fee issues.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I have a copy of it saved on my desktop but I can not find my tax returns I filed online  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


TurboTax is calculating the section 179 deduction for an SUV over 6000 lbs at 100%.  I double checked the box for vehicle type.  I thought 50% was max for this vehicle.  Is TurboTax correct?  

The 50% you are referring to is for bonus depreciation not Section 179.There is a $25,000 Section 179 limit for heavy vehicles rated between 6,000 and 14,000 pounds gross vehicle weight.While you did not provide specifics, TT is probably arriving at the 100% deduction between bonus depreciation and Section 179.  


IRS Pub 527, Residential Rental Property, on page 7 (of 2014 edition) lists settlement fees/costs that Must be added to the basis of the new property; and which fees/costs Cannot be added to the basis.  However, they don't say how to handle the latter category!  So do we treat "non-basis" fees and costs as deductible Expenses in the year incurred?  Or do we Amortize them over the life of the loan?  If the latter, does TurboTax do this for us each year?  Thanks much!  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfYou may wish to see a local tax professional.  


I used turbotax to file my 2013 1040 and it didnt tell me that I needed to file for CA. I was not a resident of CA in 2013. Now CA is telling me that since I had CA K-1s, I need to file.  

A 2013 return cannot be prepared online.  You would need to purchase 2013 desktop software (unless you already paid for a 2013 product, in which case you can speak to TT Customer Support about the software.)Did you use TT to file your 2013 Federal return?  If so, there may be a *.tax data file of your return in your account. If you cant get the *.tax2013 data file, then you will need to re-create your Federal return exactly as filed, so that it can populate the State return correctly.You should first see if you can download the *.tax2013 data file so that you wont have to recreate your Federal return.Heres where one can purchase the 2013 desktop product as a download from TurboTax, although it can be bought at a discount from reputable dealers like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspIf you need to talk to TT Customer Support, heres how to be assigned a phone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed).  Read all the steps first.1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/2) Choose the product platform you are using.3)  Ask a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.4) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific time M-F.  


This box line 70 reads "Amount paid with request for extension to file". Why would TurboTax allow any value to be there in it's checks if TT knows I never filed for an extension? I've received a bill for the amount that was in this box plus interest and penalties.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901258-accuracy-guarantee-submission-claim-form  


Please track my returns.  

TT refund dates are just estimates.  Premium fees do not make the IRS process any faster.  


I upgraded to plus (and the option to upgrade to plus is now grayed out, so it looks like it went through), but I can't access my previous year's tax documents. What can I do?  

After upgrading, you have to pay.  Before paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked returns.Then to pay:\nOpen your 2015 online return, then click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then PRINT CENTER.\nChoose Print/save/preview this years return (yes, you say this years).\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n  


I spend 2 hours considering that this is free and to my surprise you are not asking for 95$ cost. Which is not fair. I felt like cheated  

visit www.irs.gov for a list of tax prep software outfits that offer free e-File. certain income limits may apply.  


Trying to get my 2014 Tax return printed out but its saying I need to pay for 2015, but I filed jointly for 2015  so now it will not let me print my previous forms.  

If you paid for a 2015 online product in another account, then youll need to phone TurboTax Support on Monday and tell them about your purchase and ask them to unlock your prior returns.To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


My tax return for 2015 does not match my other returns? Would like to talk to representative about Passive Loss, line 3b and why the difference in returns.Thanks  

TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


My return was rejected when I filed as an independent, since I am now, however I lived with my parents for the first six months of  2015 and so they had to claim me on their tax return, which ended up making my return invalid. How do i fix this?  

Go back to the Personal Info tab. On the Personal Info Summary screen click the Edit button to the right of your name. On the screen that shows your name, birth date, etc. click Continue. The next screen has some check boxes and asks you if any of them apply to you. One of the boxes says someone else can claim you on their tax return. Put a check in that box. Then select the button that says someone will claim you. Click Continue until you get back to the Personal Info Summary.  


I tried to efile last month and was unable to. My efile came back rejected. I have been trying to file via previous year AGI. I have not been able to receive a pin to file under. The phone number provided to receive a pin has been busy for weeks and the link to the IRS website to get a pin says my info is faulty when entered. I am becoming increasingly worried about this as time goes on that i am going to have fees for late filing because i due owe a fair amount. Any ideas?  

You tax is due April 18th regardless of issues with e-File, requests for extension of time to file, problems with TUrboTAX etc. etc.visit www.irs.gov to pay by phone, or through Direct Pay., or mail a check payable to US Treasury, be sure to write for 2015 tax and your SSN on the check.  


how to start  

To start amending a federal tax return you will need Form 1040X.  If you follow the procedures in the TurboTax support FAQ for amending a 2014 return where the return was completed either with the online editions or the desktop editions, the program will lead you through the amendment process.See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax  


I can only access my state but not my federal.  What am I doing wrong?  

Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, which is a pretty basic version, and for some users may be incomplete.If the regular PDF doesnt have everything you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there, which includes additional documents and calculation worksheets.   Does that PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


MY 2015 tax return does not appear on my timeline. Your instructions are not helpful.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Hey TurboTax, I accidentally bought the wrong years tax program. How can I get a return on my payment? Thank you!  

If you bought a cd/download version from Turbotax you can contact them by phonehttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/   The phone contact will only be live when they are open. M-F  8-5 Pacific time at this time of year.  


I need it by tomorrow  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT Desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer.  


Jai pu transfr la dclaration provinciale mais pas celle fdrale ( cause code derreur 72): jai vrifi code postal et province: tout est ok. Cest quoi le problme?  

Yes, GA is your resident state and they have a global reach on any income you earn as part of your residency there.  You would need to file nonresident returns for both SC and CO and delcare the income on each that you earned in their state and pay the nonresident tax rate, minus any state taxes withheld.Then you file your GA resident return and report all the out-of-state earnings on it as well as any other income (interest, dividends, etc..).   GA will let you reduce your tax obligation to them by giving you a reduction/credit for wages made in other states and taxes paid to them to avoid double taxation.  


This was for a loss due to theft.  I paid TurboTax for audit protection and believe that their software should have let me know if the deduction was not permitted.  How do I actually talk with a person at TurboTax?  

\n\nIf you purchased Audit Defense,\nthe following is from TurboTaxs agreement for Audit Defense:  Upon\nreceipt of any communication from the IRS or State, promptly call TRI first at (888) 701-9695! Do not contact the IRS.\nTo ensure effective service regarding your audit, you must use your assigned\nTRI Audit Representative(s) as your only contact with the IRS or State. If you\ndo not contact TRI within 15 days of the date of the first notice, additional\ncharges may apply. If you wait too long you will impede our ability to defend\nyour case.\n\nThe\nfull text of the article is at http://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense.jsp including\ntheir telephone number and fax number.\n\n  


I try to download the 2014 for home, personal return. it says error try back later. help!***I am not trying to print a copy of a filed return, i am trying to actually FILE 2014.  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT Desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer.  


I filed my taxes months ago, and was wondering why I still did not receive my state return. I received my federal return within weeks. I finally look on TurboTax today, and it says that my state return is not complete. So I try to complete it, and it says that it is complete. But then I go back to the home page, and it says it is complete. So I go back and try to complete it again, but it says that it is complete. What the [removed]?  

First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


I need help handling this, I paid extra for the audit defense and need your support. They are now saying my child is ineligible for a child deduction because I typed her name wrong.  

The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense and you received an IRS notice, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your audit notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/. Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you.  


How should i file rents collected from a mother-in-law suite which is a registered "ADU" additional dwelling unit. I'd like to maximize returns so wasn't sure if its more advantageous to select multi-family or single-family? Its a separate entrance, kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom.  

for tax purposes it really does not matter whether the rented out unit is a room in your house or a standalone house. However, there are other incidental issues -- (a) for depreciation & for capital gain computation when you dispose off the property , you would need to assign a value  ( your acquisition cost  + cost of any improvements); (b) non-depreciable portion of the cost -- land cost;  (c) allocated or actual cost of utilities if you are providing these  facilities to the renter; (d) how  and whether you need to allocate property taxes and  mortgage interest  to the rental unit and finally (e)  a fair market rent for the  rental property. A  lot of these items become very simple to allocate to the rental unit, if it a self standing unit not connected to your residence but beyond that  there are no  fundamental differences -- a rental property is a rental property.What is it you are trying to achieve -- perhaps I am not following your train of thought ?  


I would like to do a CA return in addition to the GA return already completed  

That is not easy to do in TT Online, which is only good for one return per account.  You have to set up a second account, recreate the Federal return, then add California as a State, then fool your  W-2 and other forms into thinking they are from CA, not GA.It might be easier to do it by hand.  


I think I figured out why I couldn't file electronically, but can't access the active tax forms. I can only print-out, which will take too long.  

See the recommended answer from Turbotax herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3319861-i-need-to-print-my-2015-fed-return-for-my-records-as-well-...  It will open up your account to add/change your information and go through the file process.  


I wanted to print my return.  System did not allow to print unless I chose efile or file by mail.  I chose file by mail.  I found some errors and I wanted to make changes. System thinks I already file by mail.  I have filed an extention and not filed my return. How do I make changes and efile as I have already paid for efile  

Heres how to open your unfiled return back up if TurboTax thinks you were finished.  Once open, you can change the filing method, if desired.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, since it has not yet been filed, you can make whatever changes you need to.\nThen go to the FILE tab to change the filing method.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


TurboTax is intended to make filing easier and to help save money.  The poor labeling of the processing options detracts from your credibility and is shady.  I feel as if you and the banks are profiting from a simple misread on my part and there is no option to change it.  Perhaps you should add a second confirmation acknowledgement.  Everywhere else in this software, you attempt to confirm or reconfirm data.  Not here, though, and it reflects poorly on you.  

You didnt see this screen?  


Quicken help  

https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken  


I got some RSUs vested this year, with a few sold to pay the taxes and got a 1099B form. I had to go premium when answering the questions through Turbo tax, although this income is already included on my W2 and after answering questions in the premium part did not change anything to my income. Do I really need to use the premium version or can I just answer "no" when asking for any stock sales.  

Well, you certainly can file your income tax return without including the 1099-B since it doesnt affect your income.  Theres no problem there since your taxable income is reported correctly.  As long as your income (and tax) are properly reported the IRS cant really asses any fines or penalties.  But Id opt to pay the upcharge and report the 1099-B.The IRS gets copies of all 1099-Bs and attempts to match these with the income tax returns submitted.  Your 1099-B undoubtedly shows a basis for the sale of $0 so theres a good chance at some point youll receive a form letter from them stating that theyve adjusted your taxable income upward for the full amount of the reported proceeds, along with a bill for the taxes against the income you left off your income tax return.  With enough back and forth between you and the IRS youll be able to convince them that you dont owe this amount.Is the savings resulting from not reporting the 1099-B worth the potential hassle down the road?  Thats a judgement call.Tom Young  


I've filed a return for her in 2011 and 2012, but not since, and can't remember the zip code we used back then so can't seem to log in.  

For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password 


Do I need to amend my federal return? Just the state return?I haven't received any notice in the mail. I just realized I haven't received my California state return and investigated.Turbotax seems to be buggy with amendments. I made that one change in the W-2 and Turbotax tells me I owe additional federal tax. That doesn't seem right. Do i need 1040x? Just 540x? How can i clear my changes in Turbo Tax and try again?  

State taxes withheld are an itemized Federal deduction on Schedule A,  so a change as you described can also impact your Federal return.  


I sent my documents from my country to Canada 1 month ago. I didn't get any letter from you. Please Could you check it for me?  

This is the USA forum, not Canada. 


It still says it is invalid or expired.  Any suggestions?  

Please read this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3181225-confirmation-code-expired  


I did not put in an entry, this was calculated by Turbo tax and now I have a letter from the IRS to pay the difference. How did this happen, do I have any recourse from Turbotax?  

When you are married and each spouse has a W2 you have to assign the W2 to the right person.  And if you got them assigned to the wrong person then next year they will transfer over wrong and will be wrong again.  So you will need to delete them next year and re-enter them as new so it doesnt happen again.You can  check your entries,  To check your W2 just type w2 (small W) in the search box at the top of your return and click on Jump To the W2 OR go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Wages & Income (or Personal Income)Choose Jump to Full List -or  Ill choose what I work on Then Wages and Salaries- Click the Start or Update buttonThen click  Edit by the W2 to double check it. I should have a screen shot showing where to check  


I have long term capital gains and short term capital gains. My income is subject to AMT. i am noticing that the LT gains are being taxed at 25.5% Is there something wrong with Turbotax?  

No, there is nothing wrong with Turbotax. Your LT cap gains are not being taxed at 25.5%, they are being taxed at your LT cap gains rate. However, your LT cap gains reduce your AMT exclusion and cause more of your other income to be taxed at the AMT rate. That is  clever way that congress found to increase your tax while still claiming that they did not increase your LT cap gains rate for AMT. You can see the details of the AMT calculation by switching to the Forms mode, then find and click on Form 6251 in the list of forms on the left side of your screen. The Turbotax calculation is absolutely correct.  


I have filled my Tax returns on Feb 1 week, but still I didnt get my returns.  

If the IRS Wheres My Refund website at http://www.irs.gov/Refunds finds your return, then it sounds like you efiled OK.  You can doublecheck the efile status with this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThere is a delay in processing your tax return and your expected refund date may have changed.If thats what you see when you go to the IRS Wheres My Refund tool, then you should phone them to see if you can learn any additional information about what is causing the delay and if additional documentation is required.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you are unable to get good info when phoning the IRS, you might wish to consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service to see if they can assist you.   At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 


I paid the fees for State Program and followed it through. Refund was reduced $2773 by state because of wrong advice by TT.  

Not much. TurboTAX does not compensate you for adjustments made to your return by the state revenue division, or by the IRS.  


I filed jointly and now they are attaching our return for a student loan. Can we ad end our return and file separate?  

Once you file your tax return as Married Filing Jointly you cannot amend your tax return to Married Filing Separately after the due date of the tax return.You can file an Injured Spouse Claim using IRS Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfIRS Instructions for Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdfAre You an\nInjured Spouse?\nYou may be an injured spouse if you file a\njoint tax return and all or part of your portion\nof the overpayment was, or is expected to\nbe, applied (offset) to your spouses legally\nenforceable past-due federal tax, state\nincome tax, state unemployment\ncompensation debts, child or spousal\nsupport, or a federal nontax debt, such as a\nstudent loan.  


My case has been escalated twice with the market place and i have not heard back yet after more than 60 days, Turbo tax requires this number and the call center for the market place doesnt know where else to find it.  

You can file a paper return via US Mail. 


I am a student and I filed my taxes this year already for the year 2015 as a student and dependent. However my taxes were filed in March 2016 but I got married Jan 2016 and I filed as single. Since I was single in 2015 but married in 2016, should I call and make amends with IRS on this? My spouse lives abroad and I have applied for him, will it not cause me problems if my tax return showed me as single? I do not want this to be a problem when the time comes. Please advise what should I do.  

Since you were not legally married on 12/31/2015 then filing your 2015 tax return as Single was correct.  There is no need to contact the IRS concerning your marriage in 2016.  For your 2016 return if you are legally married on 12/31/2016 then you would file as either Married Filing Jointly or Married Filing Separately. 


I tried to file my state taxes through TurboTax.  A refund amount shows up, but it says incomplete.  When I return to continue, it keeps sending me back to the original screen congratulating me for finishing my federal return.  

Heres how to open your return back up to finish/file the state return.\nLog into your online account and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add another one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open you can go to the State Taxes tab to finish the state return, or to the FILE tab to file it.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.\n  


Hi. I did my taxes through another means and no longer want to continue with Turbo Tax. Please refund the amount i paid for filing my state tax.  

You wrote:  Please refund the amount i paid for filing my state tax.Did you actually file the state return, or did you mean for preparing the return?This is mainly a user community forum.  For any account-specific fee issue you would need to phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I am trying to mail my taxes but it does not let me select the option file by mail when trying to change the payment method it does not give the option of pay by check  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund, there is an additional 34.99 service fee (for the paid editions, it is 39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)If you want to remove that option, you can do so prior to filing and \nthen pay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or \nprepaid debit card.   Heres how, depending on your location:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceCalifornia filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee  


My moms 2014 tax refund was applied to her 2015 tax installments. She doesnt want this. How do I change it so she gets her refund paid?  

You have to select this option to have a current year tax refund applied to next years taxes in the Other Tax Situations of the program.  Make sure that the option has not been entered -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nUnder Additional Tax Payments\nOn Apply Refund to Next Year, click on the start or update button.  Verify that there has been no amount entered.\nTo verify that the 2014 tax refund has been applied to the 2015 return -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start of update button\nOn 2014 refund applied to 2015 federal taxes, click the start or update button  


I have lived in China for over 8 years now. I do not visit the states at all but am a USA citizen. I receive some mail at an address in the USA and my bank account statements to a friend's address in USA. When I file, I use my Chinese address as the tax home address. I'm not sure if I need to file state taxes as I don't live in a state.  

Since you are a resident of a foreign country and your tax home is in a foreign country you do not file a state income tax return if you do not receive any type of income from a US state.  In the Personal Info section of the program where it asks for a resident state, in the dropdown for state scroll down to the bottom and select Foreign or US Possession. 


I have been working overseas for over a year now and I am considered as a resident here. Am I still considered as a US resident at the same time?  

You are a US citizen and all income, world wide, is subject to US income tax. You may get a credit for income tax paid to another country, up to a certain limits. 


I'm trying to use the freedom version but can't seem to find it  

Yes the Freedom Edition is available at this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/If you have a TurboTax online account you will need to create a new account using the Freedom edition.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to switch from TurboTax online to the Freedom Edition - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 


I just want to know what i have to mail into the city; just payment and my 1040A?  

your set of w-2s will include a city copy if city taxes were withheld; send it in.  


I completed it mid-February 2016. How can I obtain a copy that includes the date and signature (without just printing a copy and signing/dating)? Thanks.  

When you e-file a tax return using either the prior year AGI or the PIN, that is your electronic signature.  There will be no signature or date entered on the Form 1040 included in the PDF since the return was electronically sent to the IRS.  


\n\nI purchase 2014 tax software by mistake and I had to subsequently\npurchase 2015 I spoke with a customer service rep and they told it may take\n3-4 weeks for me to get my money back thats crazy I wont my money ASAP \n\n  

Only TT support can address your issue as this is a public internet forum and we have no access to your records or the power to do anything about it.... challenge the charge with your CC company. When entering your problem on the website, use the\nkeywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.  


It is not within the the 172 page return of mine.    It was not filed with the IRS per TurboTax policy.    Did TurboTax save it anywhere?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4234478  


I'm trying to pull up the Injured Spouse form, and trying to find the FEDERAL TAX TAB, What page do I find that on..  

You must have either started or continued your online tax return for the options at the top of the online program screen to be available.After you have signed onto the online editions of TurboTax you will land on one of two screens.One screen will be your 2015 Timeline and have a large orange button labeled Take me to my return.  Clicking on that button will return you to your 2015 online return.The other screen will be the Welcome Home screen.  When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return.To report an injured spouse claim using Form 8379 -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\nOn Miscellaneous tax forms, click the start or update button\nOn the next screen, on Report an injured or innocent spouse claim, click the start or update button  


how do I find them  

Were they prepared in Online TurboTax?  Any returns prepared in the desktop version (CD/download) will not be in an Online account, but would be saved locally on your computer.When you log in, click on TAXES at the top and go to your Tax Timeline.  For a prior year you may also have to choose Load my timeline.If you used Online TurboTax in prior years, and cant find the returns in the Tax Timelines for those years, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I recieved email saying my account was acsessed 3 days ago. I dont think I did but would help if I new if any changes where done or not  

TurboTax will send\nemails to customers when certain types of account activity is detected\n(example: changed filing status, new dependents, multiple accounts.). \nThis is a security measure to protect your personal information. Review the\ninformation in the answer below.  If you still have concerns the answer\nprovides a link to contact support for more assistance.\n\nTurboTax is committed\nto protecting your personal information. If we detect that certain types of\nyour information are being used in more than one account, well notify you to\nmake sure that you recognize the activity.\n\nWe recommend using the\nsame account each year so your information can be automatically transferred to\nyour new return, saving you the time and hassle of data entry.\n\nHere are some of the\nreasons you may have received this email:\n\n        \nYou have used TurboTax\nin the past and are using a different account this year. This can include\nmoving from our Desktop product to our Online product.\n\n        \nYou changed your\nfiling status from last year, and for that reason, are filing with a different\nTurboTax account this year.\n\n        \nYou have created\nmultiple TurboTax accounts this year, or in prior years.\n\n        \nYou file as Married\nFiling Separate, with you and your spouse having different TurboTax accounts.\n\n        \nYou have filed for\ndependents, or another family member, in the past and the email is referring to\ntheir personal information.\n\nIf you have not taken\nany of the actions noted above, it may indicate that someone is trying to use\nyour information to file a tax return. Please Contact Us and one of our agents\ncan assist you.\n\nLearn more about how TurboTax\nsafeguards your data.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy cant I find my\nreturn in the Tax Timeline?\n\n        \nForgot your TurboTax\nOnline User ID or password?\n\n        \nHelp Me Recover My\nTurboTax Account  


IRS states they paid out mu refund, my bank says they don't have it?  I verified the last 4 of my routing and acct#.  Is there a way to verify the entire # not just the last 4?  

Save a copy of your return with all the worksheets included and view the filing instructions page for the complete direct deposit information.You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down.  


My SSN is [removed]  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5451488 


How can I view my tax return>  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Please contact me asap so that I can hopefully get this resolved. Thank you.  

When you log in, are you unable to find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a new one?  If so, then you likely have multiple accounts without realizing it.  Perhaps thats why you thought you had to reset your password.In any case, if thats what you are experiencing, then to get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one.NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I filed my federal tax return in February. I had no idea that I had to go find the tiny button on the top of the page that said "State Return" in order to individually file my state tax return. Every time I pressed "Continue", it was just tell me that I successfully completed my tax return. It is now May, and my state tax return deadline was April. I received NO notification whatsoever from TurboTax that my state return was incomplete this whole time! I only knew about it because I went back into my account to check on the statue of my state return. So now I am going to have to pay a fine and interest. Thanks a lot, TurboTax. This will be the last time I'm using such an unreliable service.  

you learned the hard way that Federal and State returns are processed separately.  


My Indiana state tax return was accepted and it was direct deduction from my checking account. What should I do?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2877281-did-turbo-tax-e-file-my-indiana-tax-paymentIt looks like Indiana does not allow you to pay through Turbotax and asks that you use their website or send a check.  


I have filed as married filing separately for a few years now. My spouse and I are following a separation agreement which we arrived at through mediation. We are not legally divorced yet. As part of the separation agreement, I have been paying Alimony already for 6+ years. TurboTax let me do it so I assumed it was legal. I am now applying for a home mortgage and underwriting is requesting the a reference to the tax code that indicates that this practice is legal. Can you help?  

https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc452.html  


It did not hit my account this morning.  Any reason why I haven't received my refund?  

Did you have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund?  If you did, your refund first goes to the bank that handles the transaction, they deduct the TurboTax fees, then deposit your remaining refund into your bank account.  It can take an additional one or two days to process.You can check your refund status on the banks website at, look under Refund Informationhttp://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-usContact information24-Hour Automated Support   1-800-717-7228Live Taxpayer Support            1-877-908-7228  


I sent in my forms to have my taxes amended April 16th. I was just curious if they have been received.  

After 3 weeks from mailing, you can use the tool below to check the status of an amended return.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1For future reference, when mailing the IRS, its a good idea to use certified return receipt, or 2-day mail, etc.  Something that has a postal tracking option to save you any uncertainty/anxiety, as well as serve as proof of mailing/delivery.  


New York State is still pursuing a $2300 tax liability on our 2012 return.I did receive an initial response which I communicated back to NYS.  They are still demanding payment of their perceived tax shortfall.  I need more help on this as NYS is making time limit demands on a payment of $2300 plus.  Please reach out for me at our home [remove] or my cell [remove].  Thank-you.  

https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


The IRS says it take 3-4 weeks to obtain a copy which seems ridiculous!  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I SET UP A PAYMENT PLAN ALREADY IT SHOWS IT WAS ACCEPTED ON TURBO TAX IT SHOWS THAT A 150.00 WAS GOING TO BE DEDUCTED ON 04-18 AND THAT NEVER HAPPENED.  

When will my tax payment go through?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924  


It is telling my I have two different accounts.  I am not aware of why that is the case.  I am not able to find either of my returns.  Please assist.  

\nFill out an IRS form 4506.  It can be filled out on line if you google IRS Form 4506\n\n  


I no longer have access to my computer with the software.  

Are you asking how to transfer last years *.tax2014 data file prepared in the desktop version into a 2015 online return?Or are you asking how to move a 2015 desktop data file to continue it in the 2015 online version? (which cant be done)   A 2015 online data file can be downloaded to continue in a 2015 desktop product, but not vice versa. 


I log in to Turbo Tax.Check 'sign in'.Immediately sign in is skipped and I am referred to personal date  

It sounds like your browser is automatically logging you in.  Start by clearing your browser cache and cookies.  If that doesnt help, go into preferences, locate your saved/stored passwords, and remove the password for Intuit.  Each time that you log in, you will need to type in the password, and then answer never or not now for save the password for this web site?Browsers that auto save passwords can be convenient but can sometimes cause issues like this. 


Whatever  is  missing  is  something  related  to  the  way  Turbotax  processed my  tax  return . Please  review  

Print the return to see if the form is included or not:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


I changed my email address due to the old address being hacked, but I can not change to the new address in the turbotax program  

You probably need to call customer support.  Depending on how your account is set up, you may need to fax in proof of identity (like a drivers license) to prove who you are--so that Turbotax employees dont get tricked by criminals into resetting customers accounts. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I should be getting a 1099 at the end of the year for what is technically considered contracted work/labor.  I will be earning roughly $3400 for the project. I need help estimating how much to pay to federal and state (Ohio) taxes. I've heard that it's roughly 20% and 5% each. But, I want to try to get close to the actual amount. I also always receive a refund.  So, do I have to pay the taxes in full or is it only if I expect to actually owe? I typically get about $900 back for Federal and about $300 back for state.  So, if the amount I need to pay is roughly those amounts, would I need to still pay the taxes and then likely just get a larger refund? Or is it ok to not pay the full amount that would have been taken out if it were a regular job and get a smaller refund?  

Im assuming that you have a job as an employee with taxes withheld from your employee paycheck.If thats the case and more or less you expect 2016 to look a lot like 2015 except for this $3,400 independent contractor income, then more likely than not you dont have to pay estimated taxes to the feds and the state.  So the answer to your question Or is it ok to not pay the full amount that would have been taken out if it were a regular job and get a smaller refund? is most likely YES.\n\nIts perfectly OK to owe the government a lot of money when your tax return is due. What you really want to do is to avoid being underpaid, (a piece of jargon that has a specific tax meaning), and incurring penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of        a)90% of the tax for the current year, or         b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last years return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then change that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you have a job and can make your withholdings paid in 2016 amount to 100%/110% of last years tax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You might still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you wont be assessed penalties.  (Tax liability doesnt mean the check you write to the IRS when you send in your income tax return.  For most people their tax liability is the amount shown on line 63 of Form 1040.)If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck then estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, September 15 and January 15th of next year). If you want to you can go back to the TurboTax program and work through the Form W-4 and estimated taxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In this interview youll enter all your best estimates for your 2016 income, deductions, exemptions, withholding, etc., etc. to see if you in fact need to send in estimated taxes.  This portion of the TurboTax interview also prepares the Form 1040ESs, if needed.Tom Young  


How do I access these previous year returns?  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


How to sell the building after claiming the full depreciation  for 39 years even though the land value is 0 zero and what basis to sell the land and how to tax it  ?  

As Opus notes, you cant depreciate land.  However, if you did, the basis of the land and building would be original cost minus depreciation to date.  If you assigned $0 to the land incorrectly, then you would use $0 for the land when sold and any remaining undepreciated cost would be assigned to the building.  The result is you may have claimed more depreciation than you should have, which will be offset in part by more depreciation recapture when sold.  


I've read a lot. My status bar disappeared now it just says "being processed, will provide date when available." So, should I try to contact anybody at the IRS now? Should I wait? From what I've read online, b/c the status bar disappeared it doesn't necessarily mean I'm being "reviewed" it is a simple code that means they didn't meet the deadline. I don't want to panic but could use the money, any advice?  

you cant expect your refund in 21 days, since only 90% of refunds might be paid in 21 days.  


my 2015 income did not change from 2014  

This is a user to user forum.  Nobody here can see your 2015 or 2014 income tax return so all answers can only be guesses about what might have changed.  Unless you want to publish your 2014 and 2015 income tax returns - not generally a good idea - then you are the only person that can answer your own question.The general advice is to print out both the 2014 and 2015 income tax returns and start comparing the two, line-by-line.  You might find some obvious user error, (e.g., keyed in a wrong amount for withholding), or you might find a change between the years that explains the difference to your satisfaction, or you might find a change that you dont understand.  In the latter case, when you have some tangible question to ask, come back and ask that question.Tom Young 


??? Help!  

Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS request for a Form 8962 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


Need to speak with a representative  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


We got married in August 2015.  She became a Canadian permanent resident in January 2016.  

If you mean that you simply transferred your mutual funds, securities, and/or cash from one firm to another (e.g., from TDAmeritrade to E*Trade) via something like ACATS, then you have nothing to report.  


I possibly need to amend it. I tried following all the instructions provided to get prior year tax returns and the instructions don't make sense and/or the options it lists aren't actually available.  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


How can I access my 2014 tax return to print?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


How long should I wait? or Is there any problem on my filing?  

Only the IRS could tell you whether there is a problem or not. They would send you a letter requesting more information if they need it. It doesnt seem unusual this year for tax refunds to be delayed beyond the 21 day IRS target time.You can try contacting the IRS at 800 829-1040. 


I am a single dad with 3 kids.  I recently changed my W4 tax exemption to 3 to reflect my three kids.  I thought this was reduce my tax withholding, but it actually increased it.  Know we're supposed to get as close to zero in terms of tax return/refund.  What should I be claiming as exemptions?  Also, my income is $225K.  

We would need a lot more information to answer your question such as age of children, whether you itemize deductions or take standard deduction, etc. It would be best if you just use a calculator and enter the information thats needed.You can use this IRS calculator to help you: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/Or you can use TurboTax. Open your return and type W-4 in the search box and click on the appropriate phrase in the drop down box and click on jump to.  


everytime I put in my password someone else's name comes up  

If you used your same account to file 2 returns, then the second return overwrote the first one, the first one will no longer be available to access or print.Each return using TurboTax Online needs its own UserID/Account.You will need to request a copy of the 2015 return from IRS, it will not longer be available in TurboTax.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them  


I am applying for an apartment complex and they want a copy of my 2013 return.  I have not worked in 2014 or 2015....and do not need to file at this moment.  What do I need to do to get 2013 return printed as my application for housing is due TOMORROW.  Thanks for your help  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Yes, this State of La return was done 1/14/16, it is now 4 mos. later, please advise me if my State return ever sent to St of La.  

This is not official customer support.  Start by logging into your account and checking your status to see if you are accepted.  Or, use this link https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If your returns were never transmitted (the transmit step is one step after payment), or were transmitted but rejected, you can re-transmit them now.  If they were transmitted and accepted, you can download or print all forms and worksheets which should have an electronic postmark proof of acceptance.If you need more help, contact customer support.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


After interview for form 1116, notes say that if I convert , turbotax cannot be used.  

The conversion needs to be done manually.  Nothing in the program can convert it.  


I need help from turbo tax about form 8962,1095-A why did the irs request this  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


how long do I have to file amendment?  

The amended return is processed separately from your original return.  You will receive your original refund.  You pay the difference that shows on the amended return. The program calculates what you had on your original return and the information entered on the amended return and will show an additional refund owed or a tax owed.Amended returns must be mailed.  Mail in the amended return with your payment and any forms or schedules that changed due to the amendment (ex W-2).  Make sure you sign the amended return.  


I would like to make paymentsure on my taxes and can't figure out how to  

https://www.irs.gov/Payments   Federal tax paymentsYour particular states website, should also have payment instructions available there as well. 


Then you claimed full amount of BUILDING and the value of building is zero 0 so will you give the building for free or on what basis will you value the building  ?  

I dont know what you mean by you give the building for free.You dont usually value the building.  Basis, adjusted basis and depreciation are almost always based on cost, not  value.  If the building has been depreciated to $0, then the cost at the time of sale is $0 and all of the sales price is taxed as gain.As Lisa has noted twice, Again, please keep all related questions to one single thread.  It makes them easier to answer and to follow the discussion.  


This is a new business.  

Ok then they will need to do a Business return or have an accountant do it the first year to get you started.  You should see an accountant to get the business records set up right.  Did it start in 2015 or this year 2016?   You should not do your personal tax return until after the business return is done.  You will need info from the Business return to enter into your personal return.  


I filed my taxes, they were accepted quickly and were deposited. My issue is, I was told they were deposited into a bank account. I don't own a single bank account. Where's my return?  

To check whether you used refund processing, and what bank account or card number you used, and if you typed it correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page.If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\nIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.  


i would like to know how to continue, and view my return so far. thank you  

For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact  


What is the maximum AGI for senior credit?  

On a federal tax return there is not a Senior Credit.  If you are age 65 or older there is an additional amount added to the standard deduction based upon your filing status.Standard deductions for 2015 Single - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or olderMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or olderMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or olderHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older  


I filed my tax return last February 16, 2016. Up to now ( 5/8/16) I have not received anything. I am suppose to get a $ 1198 refund  

First check that your federal tax return was e-filed and accepted by the IRS using this TurboTax support website - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf the return has been accepted by the IRS, then you will need to speak with an IRS agent for the status of your refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I want to call YOU. What is your number. I am at work and can't receive calls.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I was responsible for 1/2 of the 50K LOC, my partner was responsible for the other.  I had to take out a personal loan from another back to pay my $25K portion of the LOC.  From review my records, it doesn't appear that our LLC took this as a write off.  

You dont.The money should have been recorded on the corporate\n return as either a loan from shareholder, or as a capital \ncontribution.  Either way gave you basis in the corporation.  When you\n closed the corporation in 2013, you should have received the tax \nbenefit from any basis that you had in the corporation.  In other \nwords, you have already received a deduction.If it was not done that way on the corporate return, then your 2013 corporate and personal return should probably be amended.  


We did not plan on me losing my job a week after I told my boss about the pregnancy. In order to have a good jumpstart financially for a home or bigger vehicle, we're willing to postpone the wedding if it would give us bigger returns to file separately (we'd each claim 1 child).  

Its not possible to answer your question without more details. You wouldnt file a tax return with no income. He cant file as head of household unless he is the father of at least one of the children. You should use the TurboTax taxcaster tool to estimate what your taxes would be if you were married and filed married filing jointly or if each of you filed a single or one filed single and the other filed head of household tax returns. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/  


I understand an ammeded return is not used when you file for a loan.  Is it true they will only use the one you filed first?  

Yes, ask your bank.  (Be prepared for the possibility that they dont actually know.  The loan processor (barely trained idiot who takes your application) may give a completely different answer from the underwriter (expert who reviews your file at the last minute so you have to rush around fixing the loan processors mistakes)).  


What happens if you did not purchase health insurance?  

If you did not receive an exemption for not having health care coverage in 2015 from healthcare.gov then you will have a tax penalty entered on your federal tax return.Go to the healthcare.gov website for exemption requirements - https://www.healthcare.gov/health-coverage-exemptions/forms-how-to-apply/See this IRS website for Individual Shared Responsibility - https://www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-Families/Individual-Shared-Responsibility-Pr...  


Someone has filed with my info and they should not have. Her name is Scarlet don't know anything else  

See the following from the IRS regarding identity theft:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/How-IRS-ID-Theft-Victim-Assistance-works------------------------------------------------andhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Instructions-for-Requesting-Copy-of-Fraudulent-Returns 


Does my husband and myself put down the same information? We both work and make around 80,000 together. We have two daughters. Should I put two (so he can claim one kid and he can claim myself), and I claim one kid and I claim myself? That would make it two each. Right now, I have 3 allowances down on mine and his. My sister told me to put three down for my W-4 and 3 down on his W-4, but wouldnt that make 6 total allowances?  

The more allowances you put, the less taxes are taken out of your paychecks and with 2 people working could cause you to owe when it is time to file.  TurboTax has a W-4 calculator that will help you decide what to put on your W-4.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/-----------------------------------------------------------How do I change my future paycheck withholdings?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301783 


The home we sold to our son and his wife was not our main home, it was an investment property we purchased and remodeled.  With our gift of equity our son/wife were able to avoid bringing any cash to the closing - for down payment and closing costs, etc.  We received a 1099-S from the lender for $187,000.  Will the $13K be subject to capital gains tax on our tax return, or does the gift of equity in any way add to our cost basis in the property sold?  

A gift has nothing to do with the basis of your property which you sold.  


Do I need to keep original receipts for the total period that I own the house or will spread sheets with detail work ?  

Keep the receipts. 


How do I get this money back from Illinois?  

Wisconsin has a reciprocal agreement with Illinois so that employees of a Illinois business that live in WI can have Wisconsin state taxes withheld. You would have only needed to file in your home state if that was done. To get the money back from Illinois you need that non resident return with NO Illinois income.https://www.revenue.wi.gov/faqs/pcs/work.html  


Missouri accepted my turbo tax return promptly at the end of March.Still no refund.  

The Missouri Department of Revenue has announced delays for processing tax return refunds.  No specific timeline was given.  


I finished and filed 2015 returns prior to the deadline.Now I want to go back and look at/print our separate and joint returns (files are stored locally) to do some comparisons but TurboTax, after asking for the password (and yes, I have the correct password) then churns for a bit then just dies and closes without a trace.The tax files are intact from the filing date but the program did do an update prior to being able to select the tax file to open.How can I access my tax files and move on?  

Use System Restore to restore your system to a point prior to that update. Then turn off automatic updates in the TurboTAX options. Dont apply any more updates to your TurboTAX program. 


I called the State Office and they informed me they had never received it?  

The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts.Its possible that CO has been slowing in updating as a result.  


Examples: loan origination fee, inspection fee, appraisal fee.  I dont recall TurboTax asking me the duration of my mortgage (15 years), so I dont know how TTax could depreciate some fees over 15 years, instead of 27.5 years.  (Note: some CPAs advise the appraisal fee should be added to the homes basis and depreciated over 27.5 years.)   Thanks for any guidance on this!  

The following items are some of the settlement fees or closing costs you can include in the basis of your property.\n\nAbstract fees (abstract of title fees);\n\nCharges for installing utility services;\n\nLegal fees (including title search and preparation of the sales contract and deed);\n\nRecording fees;\n\nSurveys;\n\nTransfer taxes;\n\nOwners title insurance; and\n\nAny amounts the seller owes that you agree to pay, such as back taxes or interest, recording or mortgage fees, charges for improvements or repairs, and sales commissions.\n\nSettlement costs do not include amounts placed in escrow for the future payment of items such as taxes and insurance.The following items are some settlement fees and closing costs you cannot include in the basis of the property.   1. Casualty insurance premiums.   2. Rent for occupancy of the property before closing.   3. Charges for utilities or other services related to occupancy of the property before closing.    4.Charges connected with getting a loan. The following are examples of these charges.        Points (discount points, loan origination fees).        Mortgage insurance premiums.        Loan assumption fees.        Cost of a credit report.        Fees for an appraisal required by a lender.    5.Fees for refinancing a mortgage.If these costs relate to business property, items (1) through (3) are deductible as business expenses. Items (4) and (5) must be capitalized as costs of getting a loan and can be deducted over the period of the loan.   Also, do not include amounts placed in escrow for the future payment of items such as taxes and insurance.http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/pubs/p551-000.htm#TXMP2be9b4cfAt the property asset summary screen for your property; click add an asset.answer questions as asked.Screen Describe this property selectContinueScreen Tell Us a Little More select Other type asset bottom of screenContinueInput your dataContinueScreen Type Z Other asset click arrow for drop down L-Amortizable IntangibleContinue follow prompts closely.  


My refund is showing a status on where's my refund, as processing.  It has been that way for over 3 weeks.  It has been since acceptance date March 23, 2016.  It is direct deposit.  I can not get through to IRS by telephone.  What should I do?  

It is not unusual for an accepted tax return to be still in processing status after 21 days from being accepted.  The 21 days as stated by the IRS is a target, not a guarantee you will receive your tax refund within that time-frame.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


Im i being audited whats goin on  

It is a new fraud prevention system put in place this year by the IRS to flag possible ID theft.   It does not mean that they suspect you, but it might be another tax return filed using your information and they are verifying who the real you is.  Unfortunately those flagged returns must be reviewed by a human and manually checked which takes time since the IRS is under staffed.  


My legal business name is Bercy LLC and I have two different  d/b/a for different services that I provide in my business.  

You just list Bercy LLC with the EIN assigned to that name.  There is no need to list the name of DBAs on the tax return.  (Hopefully, there is only one EIN.)  


IRS sent a letter 4883C requesting the information  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I hold a property with my ex as joint tenants. He paid me for my share and Im quitclaiming it to him.  Escrow says to declare it as a gift but Id be liable for gift taxes, I think.  

Escrow says to declare it as a giftThats the one thing that its not.\nIf this was a sale then it is taxable income and reported as a sale of property.\nIf this is part of a divorce property settlement in your divorce decree or separation agreement that mandated its sale, then its not taxable and not reported.\n\n  


I have checked the website and tracked my return several times and I was supposed to get my return by the 8th of this month. There isn't anything wrong with my account numbers so I'm confused as to what's taking so long. Please fix this  

Once your tax return is accepted by the IRS then only an IRS agent can discuss your tax refund with you and why there is a delay in receiving your tax refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


Where do I input my 1098 for my home?  

You dont input her Form 1099-MISC.  If the amount is in Block 7 (or even in Block 3) she has to file her own return.For the Form 1098-T, Education credits are under the deduction\nand credits tab in the area called Education.\n\n  


All my relevant w2 information was included when I was doing the federal return on turbo tax. I for some unknown reason could not make an e-file when friends of mine could. I am also having difficulty with my NY state return.  

Your tax return is the form you send to the government that shows your income and calculates your tax. The money the government sends back to you is your refund.If you already mailed your return without a copy of your W-2, there is nothing you can do about it now. You just have to wait to see what the IRS does. They might just pay your refund, or they might send you a letter asking for a copy of your W-2. If you get a letter, follow the instructions in the letter to send your W-2. In either case, your refund will probably be delayed.You didnt say what the problem is with your New York return. Since you did not e-file your federal return, you cannot e-file your New York return. You have to file it by mail. Its okay to do that in this situation. If you have another problem with your New York return, post a new separate question about the New York return and give the details of the problem you are having.  


I have my Pin Number how can I open up my Il tax return and enter my Pin so my Ill tax will go through  

To resubmit a REJECTED tax return, start the FILE process again from the beginning. In this case you will want to select File State return only.  


Is it too late to correct last years problem?  

For best results, submit a valid ( correct and complete ) state tax return.To correct or add information on last years tax return, file an amended return.  


this should  be on page 2 of the return  

If you save/print a copy of the return with all worksheets, the Tax Payments Worksheet will show all your payments that have been recorded on the tax return.And yes, you would see the estimated payments total on page 2 of the 1040, Line 65.  or page 2 of the 1040A, Line 41  


where do i find a copy of my 2015 federal return on this site? I wanted to see if i was exempt from federal income taxes last year.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I purchased a building for 55 million and depreciated it for 27.5 years and the depreciation amount for the building is zero after the 27.5 years I want to sell the building now for what amount I need to sell  the building for ?  

The number of posts you have made on this issue and the size of the property seriously suggests you need to approach a local tax professional for advice.now for what amount I need to sell  the building for ?Why would you sell the building for anything less than the maximum price you can sell it for?  


In 2015 I sold my longtime rental house. It was never qualified property and I only claimed standard depreciation based on the 27.5 year depreciation schedule. IRS Pub 946, p. 55 says There is NO RECAPTURE for residential rental and nonresidential real property unless that property is qualified property for which you claimed a special depreciation allowance. But what Ive read online and in the TT AnswerXchange makes me wonder if my read of Pub 946 is right, or if I do need to pay 25% on the depreciation recapture amount, and lower capital gains rate on any remaining gain after subtracting the amount previously claimed as depreciation. Thanks!  

You are mixing apples & oranges as my teach once said ... The recapture rule you are quoting is for taking the 179 deduction or special depreciation not for the recapture of the ordinary depreciation taken thru straight line methods. You do have to recapture all depreciation taken that was allowed or allowable on the prior year returns and the program will complete that calculation for you automatically.  


it seems to only let me file once i have filed this year's taxes but i already have filed this year and only want access to previous tax returns  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


Thanks  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


When I call I always get the recording and it doesn't give me the option to speak to a CS Rep.  

https://www.irs.gov/Advocate  


I had e-filed 2014 tax but had to submit an amendment. My filing status is Head of Household but in form 1040X I had not provided spouse details as it mentioned provide details only if filing jointly. Received the form back with missing information that all dependents details are not in 1040X form. I was planning to submit the form back adding spouse details. Can I update the same form or I need to send a separate form signed. Please advice  

File one 1040X to correct all missing or incorrect information on your return.Use the Explanation section to make sure the IRS understands what you are changing.You cant pencil in new information.File a properly prepared complete Form 1040X. When you send it, Form 1040X becomes your new tax return. Include a copy of the letter the IRS sent you asking for corrections.  


I am trying to apply for mortgage preapproval, but this is a big problem  

I suggest you get a Wage and Income Transcript from the IRS as described below, and compare it to the printed return you have.  https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them  


I read in Form 8863 Instructions and on line 7 of form 8863 that  someone under 24 cannot take the refundable American Opportunity credit.  

He cannot take, but YOU can. 


If you file married filing separately, can you and your spouse withhold $2500 each through a dependent care plan at work?  

The minimum and maximum amounts you can contribute to the Dependent Care FSA are set by your employer, although the maximum allowed by the IRS is $5,000 a year for individuals or married couples filing jointly, or $2,500 for a married person filing separately. Please note: married couples have a combined $5,000 limit, even if each has access to a separate FSA through his or her employer.But why are you filing separately?  


i filed my taxes in 2015 on time for my 2014 taxes.they were accepted.  i had just moved into my new home. At some point they must have sent me a 5071c that i didnt see. I filed my 2015 taxes on time and got a 5071c that i called and verified. so even though they accepted my taxes last year it never got processed. how do i resend the same return?  

call the Identity Verification department telephone number provided in your letter and tell the IRS you need to verify for 2014 also.  


As of June 1 I will move to Washington, which has no state income tax.  How do I do my state taxes for next year, since I will live in California for 5 months and Washington for 7 months? do I file in both, or only in the state that I live the majority of the year?  

You do a part year resident return for CA and no return for Washington (as there is none.)  See https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/Which_Form_Should_I_File.shtml  


Do we have to have the software to do this comparison?  

To do it using the online product, you would need to create 3 accounts. One account for a married filing jointly return and one account each for the two married filing separately returns. You could buy and download the CD/download product and complete a married filing jointly tax return and then use the what if tool to see what the result would be with married filing separately returns.  


I havent received my return or anything to even acknowledge theyve received my amended return. I used the Wheres my Amended Return? tool over the phone and online multiple times, however it says my information does not match their records/they have not received a return for that social security number. I have tried everything to get a hold of the IRS, but have only got into contact with automated systems. How do I figure out if they received it/where my return is?  

Heres how to get around the automated system at the IRS to reach a live agent:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.  


My 22 year old adult child lives with us part of the year, we provide her car and expenses and insurance, a home to accommodate her, money for school, and agreed to pay all the expenses in 2015 for her wedding in 2016 in return for the exemption.  My ex-wife has already claimed her for 2015, so our return rejected.Do we need my daughter to sign something? That we would use and file by mail?Theres no point in talking to the ex-wife to amend.  

This is a close call. l suggest you claim her, file by mail, and let the IRS sort out.  


My daughter participates in Georgias Move On When Ready program. It is a dual enrollment program whereby the state pays for college courses that count for both high school and college credit, including books. The only fees the college can charge is a $75 administration fee and fees that are not required for all students, such as parking or individual course fees. My only expense was $75 for parking since the school provided a scholarship for the $75 admin fee. They sent me a 1098-T, which I entered into my tax return. TurboTax did its thing and, after answering the questions, I ended up with the Lifetime Learning Credit of $2000. While this makes me happy, Im not sure its legitimate since I didnt actually pay for her school myself. She was at least half-time in 2015. Her 1098-T lists tuition expenses as $1500 and a $75 scholarship. Can I accept this credit?  

You child must be enrolled and attending the accredited institution, at least half time. Are you sure you answered all the questions correctly?If you are getting the max credit allowed, OK, otherwise it may be wiser to wait for a later year of full tuition expense. 


I believe I would need to file Calf. taxes separate.  Will I have to pay the fee of 29.99. Please advise.  

You need to put your information in for the state you need to file with.  To do this you need to select CA as the state, if you do not have it you may need to purchase it.  


My wife and I moved to Panama City, Panama last year. My wife works for a law firm and I am self employed. I'm closing a business transaction next week that will earn us $500K in commission. How much of this income can we exclude as foreign earned income (Married filing jointly) and do I have to pay a 15% self employment tax on the $500K? Thank You  

Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusionhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf  


But i found a Schedule A worksheet.  

Yes the Standard Deduction might have been more than your itemized deductions.  And Medical deductions are limited.  You can only deduct the amount over 10% of your AGI.Check your 2014 1040 line 40 and see what amount you have.   For 2014 the standard deduction amounts were: Single 6,200 + 1,550 for 65 and over HOH 9,100 + 1,550 for 65 and over Joint 12,400 + 1,200 for each 65 and over  Married filing Separate 6,200 + 1,200 for 65 and over  For 2015 the standard deduction amounts are:Single 6,300 + 1,550 for 65 and overHOH 9,250 + 1,550 for 65 and overJoint 12,600 + 1,250 for each 65 and overMarried filing Separate 6,300 + 1,250 for 65 and over  


I need to download my w-2 and the entire tax returns. Does not turbo tax store them?Why am I not seeing them ?Please advice.  

Did you use the Online version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


No changes were made by me. Letter says they changed to correct my account information. Why? And doesn't turbo tax say they cover this if something is wrong?  

TurboTAX does not compensate you for changes made by the IRS to your tax return  


He filed our taxes every year using Turbo Tax, and now I need to know how to complete them, he passed in March 2016. Not sure what product type he used.  

For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password 


I filed and recied a $947 refund. I now find out Vanguard processed my annual non-traditional IRA contrabution as a roll-over so I lost my $6500 deduction. After correcting, my amended return now shows  a due amount of $965. Do I return the $947 I was refunded PLUS pay the $965? OR do I just send in a check for the $965? Thanks  

non-traditional IRA contrabution      lost my $6500 deduction.Do you mean Roth?  Roths are not deductible, but may qualify you for the Retirement Savings Credit.  


Example $134,000 paid in foreign tax for 2014,  $112,000 disallowed.  

I see you are asking from TT Home and BusinessGenerally, you will still be subject to self-employment tax (Social Security and Medicare taxes) even if you can exclude all of your earned income for income tax purposes.  However, if there is a social security (totalization) agreement between the U.S. and the country in which you work, and you are covered by social security there on your self-employment income, you might be exempt from U.S. self-employment tax.  Click here for social security agreements.  


How to delete my account?  

you cant delete an account but you can ask Intuit to disable it.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 


2013 and 2014 I was married - i need copies of my Taxes. When i pull up the user name  from this year my other tax documentation is not listed for pdf or print.How do i retrieve these documents now?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I went all the way through the process of stating to deposit the refund to my bank acct and printed out the return and I sign in today and it says Im still in process of completing my return? Whats up?  

After you choose how you want the refund to come to you & printing out the return you had to continue to actually transmit the returns.  If you have not done so then you can do so now just log in and complete the FILE tab again to the end.  


I need to go back and check my estimate numbers to see where Turbo Tax got a total number. How can I get back in to see my data? It's not on the PDF I downloaded.  

I believe you can access it by signing back in to turbo tax and it should let you see what you  need.  Good luck.  


I don't have my notes with me, but I want to see my description for some of the itemized expenses from my taxes. How can I see them now?  

That info would be in the worksheets .....You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down.\n\nDont see a form or\nworksheet? Here are some reasons why:\n\nWhen you print out\nyour return to paper-file it, you may discover that some IRS forms or schedules\nare missing from your printout.\n\nThis is by design, as\nTurboTax only prints the forms and schedules that the IRS requires to be filed.\n\nMore info\n\nHere are forms\nand schedules that may not print out in accordance with IRS guidelines:\n\n        \nSchedule A wont print unless youre itemizing on your federal return.\n\no    If youre itemizing on your state return and\nneed the Schedule A, you can print it out later.\n\n        \nSchedule B wont\nprint if your interest or dividend income is less than $1,500.\n\n        \nSchedules C/E/F or Form 4562 wont print if you havent placed new assets in service\nduring the tax year.\n\no    For example, you placed new assets in service\nlast year and Form 4562 was included with your return. Form 4562 wont print\nout if no new assets were placed in service this year.\n\n        \nSchedule K-1 Worksheets. These worksheets are used to record information from any K-1\nschedules you receive and will not be printed.\n\n        \nForm 2106, Employee Business Expenses. In certain situations, Form 2106 does not\nneed to be filed with your return. In these cases, entries on Form 2106 are\nautomatically calculated and placed on the appropriate forms.\n\n        \nSmart Worksheets and Supporting Details. Most of these are used for backup purposes\nand recording information, and are not needed  nor wanted  by the IRS. Filing\nthese with your tax return may delay the processing of your return.\n\nYou can always print a records copy if you want to include the missing forms\nfor record-keeping purposes. Dont include them when you mail in your tax\nreturn.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I print a single tax form in the TurboTax\nCD/Download software?\n\n\n\n\n\nSLN63103\n\n Answered by TurboTax FAQ to this\nquestion  


changes in Federal refund $1435-> $0, State $791--> $0 (I paid the state tax on April) How can I get $791 back?  

The state refund is still there but the moment you started the amendment process the refund meter zeroed out. It doesnt effect the actual return you filed with the IRS or the printed copy. You can undo the amendment process if you like, you dont need it to fix the situation you have....https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-onlineOnce you have undone the amendment log out and follow these simple instructions to complete what the IRS requires...Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n\n\n  


It mentions something about upgrading to Plus, but there is no option for it. I do not appreciate the idea of paying MORE money just to view the services that I already paid for.  

You have a choice. Pay TurboTAX to see your return, or pay the IRS more to get your return mailed to you and wait weeks to get it. 


Each time I go to turbo tax to fix my taxes, my sisters tax information appears. What can I do to get to my taxes?  

Even though you used the same email address did you set up your own account?  Online is only good for 1 return so if she did her return in the same account, her return overwrote yours and yours is gone.First log out of her account.  Then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's some other links that might helpSee Why Can't I find my Online Account?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return You have to log in with the exact same user name and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have Or check here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password  


I need to report income to Financial Aid. They have my 2015 info, but not my 2014. Need an exact number for my forms.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Can someone call me!!!!!  

This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Every time I follow the directions to upgrade to PLUS they prompt me to go to Taxes and click on the large 'take me to my return button.' However, whenever I try to do this it doesn't seem to show up, any suggestions?  

Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return\n\n\n\n\n\n  


he is on a limited income.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495OR There is also The Turbo Tax Freedom website which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you have to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/When you get to Tax Freedom use the link to "I Qualify, Start Now" at the bottom instead of the sign in link. And you have to create a new account, if you use the same account info it will take you back to Turbo Tax.How to switch to the Tax Freedom editionhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3491786  


well I need some info if my social security number has been used on turbo tax . and filed  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I receive a monthly pension check but I was asked what did I do with the distribution. Did I enter the information correctly?  

Disability pensions shown on Form\n1099-R if you have not reached the minimum\nretirement age set by your employer appear as Wages on line 7 of Form 1040.  


Need to know most efficient ways to do this.  I do not have 03 and 03 tax files, just PDF's with worksheets.  If this is a huge issue, i might not do it.  Thank you in advance for cookbook suggestions.  

What you want to do is not supported. Keep your paper copies of all tax returns with your important tax records..  


When I filed my 2015 taxes, I did not enter any information for when I refinanced my home. (Also in 2015.) I have a Settlement Statement (Form HUD-1A ) from my lender, but don't know how to go about amending my return.  Thanks for any assistance!  

When refinancing, you amortize points and origination fees over the term of the loan.You must be itemizing.You can deduct a portion next year. It may not be worth the effort to amend this year.  


I completed a return for Joel xxxxxxx through my email address xxxxxxxxxxx and now I cannot find it.  How do I get it back?  

Are you asking about a Canadian return?  You're posting in the US forum.Canada Support is here:  https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


The notice wants me to verify 2014 return when I never even filed that year. I am so nervous I tried to verify online like the notice said. But I failed it:( any suggestions?  

What should you do?\nUse our secure Identity Verification Service website idverify.irs.gov. Its quick and secure. You should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents.\n\nIf you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents.\n\n\nIf you did not file the return in question, you can use either option to notify us.\n\n  


I cant remember what I owe or when its going to be charged  

From IRS_You should keep copies of your tax returns as part of your tax records. They can help you prepare future tax returns, and you will need them if you file an amended return or are audited. Copies of your returns and other records can be helpful to your survivor or the executor or administrator of your estate. Or, for reminding yourself of what your tax bill might be.  


the numbers from last year are not much different and I owed $100, now it has me getting $2800 back on the desktop deluxe and $600 online.  

there isnt a lot of change from last year \nthe numbers from last year are not much different and I owed $100, now it has me getting $2800 back on the desktop deluxe and $600 online.\nWe are all a year older. Some tax credits have age limits. \n\n  


I have an online retail business that sells children and baby products  

Yes, all interest payments must be included in your income if you are required to file taxes.  


I purchased TurboTax Deluxe and filed my taxes for 2015.  Then I lost my hard drive on the computer I used to do my taxes.  

If your 2015 return was prepared on the hard drive in a desktop version (CD/download) of TurboTax, then all of the tax files are stored locally on your computer.  If you do not have a backup copy of the *.tax2015 data file or 2015 PDF, then I unfortunately have to be the bearer of bad news.   The data is not syncd to an online account, and thus cannot be retrieved.You can get a free 2015 tax return transcript from the IRS, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.   A copy of the actual return from the IRS costs $50 and takes several weeks.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptI know its too late for this advice, but it may help other users who read this thread.  With the desktop version, its very important to backup frequently.  Reading about these kind of incidents in this forum scare me, so I make sure to make a backup copy of my return on a flash drive or other external storage each time I work on it during preparation.  And then I save 2 copies in different external media after filing season.  I save the tax data file and 2 PDFs for easy viewing without the program--a PDF as filed, and a PDF with all forms and worksheets.   They have to be saved in a safe and secure location, to guard against computer theft/hacking, etc., since they contain a lot of personal ID info and financial data.  


I withdrew $33,000 from my retirement account to use as a down payment on a house.  It was my second house purchase so I'm not eligible for "first time buyer" credit. With all of the penalties, I owe over $6000.   What options do I have to repay the tax?  

When you get to the section on how you are going to pay your taxes there is an option to set up a payment plan https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2467761-can-i-file-a-form-9465-installment-agreement-request-in-tu... State information will be handled separately, see your state Dept of Revenue page.  


I already read this:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Limited-Liability-Company-Taxes/INF12029.htmlBut it says:"Here's the rub: The law isn't clear on how inactive an LLC member has to be to qualify for this special rule. The IRS tried to clear things up a few years ago by proposing rules that would require self-employment tax to be paid on profits distributed to any member who is personally liable for the LLC's debts, participates in the business for more than 500 hours annually, or has authority to sign contracts on behalf of the company.And even if none of those characteristics applied, the proposed rules would require you to pay the tax if you're a member of an LLC in health, law, accounting, engineering, architecture or consulting. Although the rules haven't been made final, the IRS has said it wont challenge anyone who follows them on this issue."I would like to know how the multi-member inactive-partner rule applies to computer software business.Please let me know, thank you/  

http://smallbusiness.chron.com/rights-inactive-member-llc-41987.htmlYou are best served by seeing a local professional, since there are state and city legal and tax issues to considered as well.  


I will be using a Microsoft product going forward.  Got rid of my Apple laptop.  

The programs are built from the same code base so they work the same.  Make sure you locate and save all your tax data files (.tax2015, .tax2014, etc.).  Also, print and save paper copies and PDF copies of all your tax returns and worksheets.If you bought the CD, it has installers for both Mac and PC, but if you bought a downloadable installer online, it is platform specific.  If you ever need to open an old tax return data file, you can contact customer support and ask them to give you a download for the PC instead of the Mac.  


So far I have submitted a federal tax extension that was accepted.  

No.  The TT CPA Select service has been discontinued.  


I need to know the tax liability for year 2013 on taxable income of $12,163.  

https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i1040tt--2013.pdf  


Can Turbo Tax charge me the same way they've been charging me all the years I've use Turbo Tax by taking their fees from the return coming back to us?  

BTW, there is another option besides credit card.   You can buy a \nprepaid debit card in a store, usually for a small service fee. It will \nbe cheaper than 34.99 or 39.99 fee for paying out of your refund.Please see the FAQ below for reasons why one may not be able to pay TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund (the refund processing service.)First of all, you must efile the return.  You cant choose to print and mail the return.Secondly, the refund has to be large enough to cover the product fees, sales taxes, and the 34.99 service fee (39.99 for California filers, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)Here are other reasons that one may not be able to use the refund processing service:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299971  


The post office had me down as deceased did my refund come back to you. I have talked to the post office and now they have lifted that status and I am receiving my mail again can you send me my card with  sixty dollars on it?  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank (or card.)  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank (or card) fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


Intuit shut down our account because we weren't selling face to face for firearms related merchandise.  We manufacture so we rarely deal face to face.  So why doesn't Intuit support 100% legal transactions?  

This is mainly a public user community forum; not a direct route to TurboTax Support.Are you referring to a TurboTax personal account?  Or some other Intuit product  If you were using another Intuit product, you will need to access that products forum or support from the following website:http://www.intuit.com/This is not a matter for a public user community forum, which is for tax-related questions in regards to TurboTax products.  Only Intuit can explain its actions.  You should be able to ask them all of your questions.If TurboTax is the product you were using, then heres how to phone TurboTax Customer Support.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Turbotax calculated everything and my tax due as $15K so I sent in a check for that amount to the IRS.  The IRS calculated everything the same but came up with me owing another $12K.  What's this?  

If you wish to dispute, respond in writing with your explanation of why your original tax return was not in error.  


Question pretty much explains it. They screwed up by about $6,000 owed, including not including either of my college dependents on my taxes.Anyway to easily amend this using the information  on my 2015 TurboTax 1040?  

An amended return is a complete copy of your tax returns containing the correct information, PLUS a copy of form 1040-X that summarizes the changes (as a cover sheet).To prepare an amended return in Turbotax when the original was filed a different way, step 1 is to recreate the original faulty return exactly in Turbotax, so that turbotax has an electronic version of the faulty return for the amendment.  You will not file the faulty return, but you will select print and file by mail and then print the return.  This will mark the return as filed so that Turbotax can then be used to prepare an amended return.  Then follow the normal amended instructions, prepare the amended return with correct information, and print and file the amended return.Using this method, we recommend using Turbotax installed on your own computer rather than online, because you will not have access to the forms and worksheets online, and will not have the ability to make manual entries or overrides.  It is our guess that you will not be able to create the faulty return without manually overriding some entries, because turbotax naturally prepares correct returns and you may need to force it to prepare an incorrect return.  You can buy a CD or downloadable installer direct from Turbotax or from the typical discount resellers like Amazon and Staples.As an alternative approach, you could use Turbotax to prepare one single correct return without using the amending process.  Select that you will print and file by mail.  Print your new return. Then download a copy of form 1040-X and the instructions from the IRS web site and prepare your 1040-X manually by comparing the new correct Turbotax return with the old incorrect return, and use that information to fill out the 1040-X which is a summary of the changes.  Mail both the 1040-X and the new return to the IRS.  Here, you could use Turbotax online to prepare the new correct return, but you will need to do the 1040-X manually (without Turbotax) and thats not everyones cup of tea.Amending in Turbotax https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedIRS 1040-X https://www.irs.gov/uac/About-Form-1040X 


My taxes were filed without entering 1095-A information that would have caused a $2,000 subsidy repayment. Should I include a check to the IRS along with the forms that Turbotax says to submit after receiving a Form 8962 letter? Thanks.  

Be sure to write For 2015 tax and your SSN on your check, payable to US Treasury.  


Do you have to sign the back of an amended tax return that you've received in the mail? When they adjust the changes what notice do they send you in the mail?  

Amended returns must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process.  You get a check for any refund from the IRS, and must sign it on the back to cash it or deposit it.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...  


I want to know if Turbo Tax has all the info still so I don't have to reenter everything and do all the calculations myself.  

See this answer:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3348304-i-need-to-finish-my-2014-return  


She lived in IL, moved to MO. I want to efile but it won't let me.  

If one of you didnt file an IL return last year you will have to mail in the return this year.  This is one of ILs quirks.  


I have been using turbotax to get my taxes done for the last 10 years. I have always been satisfied, but Ive come to what I consider a major issue. I received a 1095-A form.We purchased our policy through the health insurance marketplace(healthcare.gov), but our policy was cancelled partway through the year because of late payment. (totally my fault, I admit that. I misunderstood the grace period terms.) We had coverage from January until July, with a total Premium tax credit amount totaling 1456.00.When I got to the the turbotax healthcare topic section, I was presented with the question : Did you all have health insurance coverage in 2015?The three possible answers are:1.) We all had health insurance coverage all year2.) None of us had it at any point3.) Ill pick who had it, and which monthsI filed my taxes with option 3, because my wife and I were covered,  but my daughter was not covered. I was never asked for form 1095-A.I just got a letter from the IRS stating that I need to provide a form 8962, and the form 1095-A. I went back and selected the first option (which is incorrect) and it asked me for the form 1095-A. Now, it turns out that i have to pay back ALL of the tax credit i got. Any refund i was expecting is now gone, plus I will still owe another 750ish bucks. Who screwed up, how do i fix this, and what should I be doing to remedy this?  

There is no remedy. IRS is going after misfiled tax returns, to collect tax due in accordance with the parameters of Obamacare.  


Why am I receiving this letter from Virginia Dept of Taxation that I still owe them? Isn't it supposed to be all finalized when I do TurboTax tax return with your 100% accurate taxed guarantee??!  

addition to tax - another term for this would be penalty.underpayment of estimated tax or under-withholding of tax is subject to penalty.As to why TurboTAX did not compute that and add it in -  For assistance or for other issues, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact\n\n\n\n  


\n\nI have several short sales to report on Schedule D.  The TurboTax FAQ says:  Sometimes the [securities] Date\nAcquired is later than the Date Sold. Thats fine; as long as the holding\nperiod is one year or less, it qualifies as a short sale.  What if the holding period for my short sale\nis more than a year?\n\n  

With few exceptions, a short sale is always Short Term. Heres why.In order to close a short you must go to the market and acquire some securities.The acquired date is the date you closed the short sale.The disposed date is the very same date if you closed at a profit.For Stocks, the disposed date is three business days later (settlement) if you closed at a loss.Note: Date Acquired and Date Disposed refer to Columns (b) and (c) on Form 8949 that you will report to the IRS.Your trade date is the date you closed the trade and goes in (b). Settlement date must be calculated taking into account market holidays .  


Does a US citizen owe taxes on income earned in American Samoa?  

This IRS reference details the rules with regard to American Samoa:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p570/ch03.html#en_US_2015_publink1000221244  


I want my money back and i am filing a complaint  

This is mainly a user community forum, not a direct route to TurboTax Support.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here in the pubilc forum.  But we can tell you how to phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I do think that it should be delivered by China post, and I called them, they said I need a 13 digital No. to track. Is there someone who might know where I can find that Number? Only got my Chinese name in Pinyin,  no phone number, don't know how they will find me...Thanks in advance!!!! Really appreciated it.  

The IRS does not use US postal tracking numbers when they mail refund checks.Your can reach the IRS  at 267-941-1000 for international callers or overseas taxpayers. (Overseas taxpayers may also fax a tax question to 267-941-1055 or use our international contact address page.)  


I have tried this several times to no avail.  Is this perhaps because of where I bank or where I live?  

This is a common complaint.Dont use the pay fee from refund option.Make them accept your credit card. (try  a credit card, not a debit card).For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact  


I entered my routing number but for some reason it would not take the last digit in your programed box. can you please  make sure that the routing number that gets submitted is correct? or does your box do this on purpose to steal peoples refund?It was your box that would only take  

The routing number is a 9 digit number on the bottom left of your checks. If it is not taking it you have entered a symbol or a duplicate number. Clear that entry and leave the section of the return so it saves the blank form information. Then try to re enter it.  


I have moved back to South Africa, so to try and get a hold of turbotax is near impossible. I filed for my tax back and mailed all my forms to them in February and I still have not received my tax money back?  

What do you see for the status of your Federal refund with this tool at the IRS Wheres My Refund site?https://www.irs.gov/RefundsOnce it goes to the IRS, TurboTax wont know anything about it.  Its up to the IRS at that point.  In the USA a mailed return can take 4-6 weeks to process, unless there are further delays.You can phone the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center to inquire about your return--first of all to be sure it was received, and secondly to see what the delay is.   You can get the international phone number at the link below.  I believe it is in Philadelphia.   It is not a free call, so when calling internationally be aware of phone charges, since you may be on-hold a long time.https://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-My-Local-Office-Internationally  


My company is paying 100% for my MBA.  When I received the 1098-T, box 2 is ~$29K and box 5 is ~$33.5K.  The difference is due to nonqualifying tuition.  The entire amount, however, was sent directly to the school from my company, and does not appear on my W2.  Do I need to pay taxes on the difference of ~$4.5K if my company paid it directly to the school and not to me?Thanks  

Yes you do pay taxes on the difference since any amount over $5250 of tuition paid by the employer on your behalf is a taxable fringe benefit.  So when you enter the information on the 1095-T remember to add any education expenses that you paid out of pocket (if any) so you only get taxed on the difference.  


can i transfer or change the card is was deposited to after it is recieved  

You can start by phoning TurboTax Support and asking if your efiled 2014 return was accepted or rejected.  Once you know that, you can explain your card issue to them and ask them how to proceed.   If the efiled return was rejected, then it hasnt been filed. Or you can phone the IRS and ask if they received it and what happened to the refund.  Ill give you the steps to phone the IRS at the end of this post.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like speak to an agent about my 2014 return.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Heres how to speak someone at the IRS:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.  


Wondering if the back of the check they send you is supposed to say sign or if you go ahead and sign it. Because I've received a check in the mail .  

No matter if a check says sign here or not  you must always endorse the back of any check you get or your bank will not accept it.  


I followed the instructions on the website but it is not listing any of my previous years tax returns.  

Were you using these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your prior online returns in their Tax Timelines, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


Hello i would like to know what happened with my Idaho state return. I didnt recieve the 277 that i was supposed to recieved. I oly recieve the Federal return. Hope you can help me thank you so much.!  

The state and federal returns are processed separately from each other so ... First -- verify that your returns have\nbeen filed and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites\nto see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue\n\n\n\n 


Filed my taxes over a month ago. I'm filling out my FAFSA and need a copy. Well, go figure, TurboTax is trying to make me DO my 2015 taxes, even though they were obviously completed. I've already followed the basic message boards on where these copies SHOULD be, but they're not on there for me. I desperately need assistance on this.  

If you do not see your return in the tax timeline when you log in then you must have more than one account .... You have to log in with the exact same user name and\npassword. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ To print a return you\nhave already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:\n\n1.  Sign in to TurboTax Online, \n\n2.  Click Taxes\n\n3.  Click My Tax Timeline\n\n4.  Scroll down to 2015 tax year and look for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO\n\n5.  Click Download all forms and\nworksheets under your 2015 tax return\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I filed back in 2011 for 2010 tax year and never received my refund. Seeing as the TurboTax goes through a different financial institution other than the IRS, I wanted to see if there was a way of relocating these funds.  

It is too late to get another check from the IRS but if you used the Refund Processing Service to pay the TT fees and have the balance sent to you then you can try to contact them ... however I dont hold much hope on this matter ....  contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n 


The resident alien(spouse) is unemployed, unable to find work in the US.What information would be required by either the non-US citizen or the spouse to prove to the IRS that this amount was a gift?  

Gifts from foreign persons are not taxable to the recipient.  Depending on the amount of the gift, however, IRS Form 3520 may have to be filed.  Details here:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Gifts-from-Foreign-Person 


I need help FAST!!  

\n\nSee https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269\n. That page has a link to an Accuracy Guarantee Submission Claim Form.\n\nA notice from the IRS or a state\nwould usually mean one of several things:\n\n\nThe \n     software made an error, \nThe issuer of an information return such\n     as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \nThe IRS or state made an error in\n     processing the return, or\nThe TurboTax user entered incorrect or\n     incomplete information or did not answer questions correctly.\n\n\nThe \nTurboTax accuracy guarantee covers any additional interest or penalties\nthat you would incur, but only due to the first type of error. To submit a\nclaim, see these instructions: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269 . (Note - the TurboTax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.)\n\n  


I do I change the direct deposit information  

If the direct deposit was issued and rejected by your bank, the IRS will send a check for the same amount to the address on your tax return.  (You dont need to change anything on the return that was already submitted.)  


I thought that if I paid for this year's fees, I would be able to print out last year's return information. However, I actually have to upgrade to PLUS to do this. I would like my money back if at all possible.  

If you paid for this year that should unlock your prior years, but sometimes there are problems, especially if you used a different account.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I just read about a problem with deductions on the Vermont returns.  How do I find out if I need to file an amended return?  

Thanks for that source.  If you take the article at face value -\nIf you used the standard deduction, you would have no need to amend.\nIf you do need to amend, Turbotax would have sent you a notice to do so.\n\n 


NEED A COPY OF MY TAXES THAT I FILED THIS YEAR.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filed on Feb 24th and was approved the same day. After 21 days I called because my refund was still processing. I was then told by a IRS rep that theres nothing wrong but she doesnt understand why I havent been approved yet. I called again to see if another rep would say something different. I was right. This rep told me that I should have received a letter (which never happened) and I would need to wait another 6-8 weeks from March 7 (I dont know why she said this date) and if I still havent received any changes to contact again. So I waited until May 9th to call, couldnt get a soul on the line. After hours of trying I finally gave up. I called back first thing this morning, May 10th and got a rep after waiting 40mins. He put me on hold for a few minutes then told me that he doesnt understand why my taxes are being held either but since it was past the date he would send a referral. Sounded good until he told me it could take up to another 12 weeks!! At that point I was done. I voiced my frustration (my apologies to him) at how bad this process was and hung up. Its not worth the stress anymore waiting and calling for information that no one seems to know. I just had to let it be known how my process has gone thus far. Crazy!  

There are two reasons for poor IRS service:\nThe IRS budget, instead of increasing with inflation each year, has been cut by 17% since 2010, resulting in an inability to replace staff lost through attrition.\nDespite the budget decrease, the IRS has been give additional duties under the new Affordable Care Act.\nQuick summary:  Youre getting the best IRS service that the Congress is willing to pay for.  They just arent willing to pay much.  


Is there any limitation for claiming a depreciation on buildings  

Answered in your other posts here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/users/76378235-vanamdharmateja  


Reading up on this I am seeing confusing answers. I've read where there is no limit on a true cash out refinanced mortgage loan interest deductibility and where there is a limit of $100,000 for joint filers. There seems to be some a difference as to whether it's called a home equity loan or a cash out loan. Our house value is $350K..we owe only $9000 on the mortgage, and were thinking about taking out a cash out mortgage for $250K for the purposes of paying off one car loan and having a nice amount of cash at hand in case of emergencies, health care, education for grandkids, etc. We're at 810, excellent credit.  

Up to $100,000 principal (MFJ) or $50,000 (MFS) you can deduct the interest for any purpose.Above that, it gets complicated; you must be using the funds to improve or pay for your home. Interest paid on a car or vacation is not deductible.  


How does it works out?  

As Lisa995 suggested, there are lots of material on the web covering this topic and to personalize  this to your exact situation, you need to provide more details of your own situation.Very generally, depreciation recapture  associated with rental property for example comes into play as follows:   you have a rental property, you get rental income over the years  and you reduce this by taking depreciation --- thus some ordinary  income is shielded from taxation.  When you sell the property,  you have a profit(say ). This profit would be  taxed at capital gains rate -- that it gets taxed at a preferential rate.  However, because you had reduced  your taxable income  all those years  ( i.e. shielded from income tax ) through depreciation,  therefore your gain through the disposal of the property  is taxed at ordinary income  to the extent it is caused by the accumulated depreciation -- the rest of the gain would be treated as long-term capital gain.  This is recapture of depreciation.  Of course as Lisa995 mentioned  there are many different versions of this process depending on the exact source/ characteristics  of the depreciation.Please provide details , as asked for by Lisa995  


"Help" told me to go to the Federal Taxes tab but I can not find that either.  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html  


But what is the tax for $6000 on what basis it is get taxed?  

Are these homework questions?  You keep asking different versions of the same question over and over again, and ignoring the answers.  


I entered an estimated tax payment of $1807 in line 65. I received a letter from the IRS saying they adjusted this figure to what they received, so I owe them $392.96.  They only show receipt of 2 payments of $448 each.  They do not show my first payment of $911.14.  How do I fix this?  

How do I fix this?furnish documentation (bank statement, cancelled check) for the payments that IRS misplaced.The payments may not have been credited to year 2015.  


I've reset my password, but my default email had changed when I clicked 'Help me log in'  

Use this link to contact customer support, ask for the security team. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


How can you find out who claimed your child?  

The IRS wont tell you who claimed your child.  If the child is legitimately your dependent per IRS rules, you should claim the child on your tax return and then print and mail your return.  Dont e-file it.  When the IRS receives two returns each claiming the same dependent, they will request (by mail) supporting information from each taxpayer and they will decide who has the legitimate claim.Also, a person cannot avoid paying child support by claiming or not claiming a child on their tax return.  


I have just amended my choice to e-file. My tax refund status appears Rejected. The error code is IND-515 . But When I checked Wheres My Refund? in IRS web page, It shows the status of my refund is Refund Approved.Which information is correct?  

That code is not good. It says that your social security number has been used on another return.  Is it possible  that you have already filed then tried to refile? Check for multiple login names FOR ONLINE:  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Coupled with the IRS showing a return in process it could mean identity theft https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2118765-ind-515-help-keep-getting-rejected  https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Identity-Protection Are there other steps I should take as a tax-related IDT victim?You should also follow the recommendations from the Federal Trade Commission, such as contacting one of the three credit bureaus to place a free fraud alert on your credit records. SeeTaxpayer Guide to Identity Theft and FTCs site, www.identitytheft.gov, for details.You should also check with your state tax agency to see if there are additional steps to take at the state level. 


I need to speak with a representative- you are holding my funds- it has been two months with no check or deposit  

Did you have your Turbotax fees taken out of your refund.? If so you need to contact the intermediary bank for Santa Barbara Tax services https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspxTo contact Turbotax support during their business hours https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  


I paid for my turbo tax last year, however I did not file with turbo this year.  Can I still print my pdf 1040 form, without having to pay for this year?  I just need this document.thanks,  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Its unclear how much was taken out by Turbo tax too, and what I should ACTUALLY expect  

If you had your fees taken out of your federal refund then the money goes to a third party bank to take those fees and the balance is sent on to you. If there is a problem with your bank information or a miss matched name they try to contact you. Santa Barbara Tax services is the processor https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspx check your account there.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900596-what-is-the-refund-processing-service 


if i cash out my retirement my income for 2016 would be about $750K, with income averaging can i bring my tax liability down?  

Income averaging was removed from the tax code many years ago, except for certain farmers and fisherman.There is a 10 year option for lump sum distributions from a qualified plan but you must have been born before January 2, 1936 to be eligible.  See IRS Publication 575 Pension\nand Annuity\nIncome page 23 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p575.pdf#page=23  


i chose to do a payment plan, but now want to pay my account in full  

Easy, just pay the balance in full at the IRS site here :  https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


\\  

You are using the Online version.  Have you already filed and paid?  Only after filing and paying can you see the actual forms themselves in the PDF file that you should save for your own records.  Until you file and pay, you do not see the actual Form 2106.If you are still not yet filed and paid, then you can check your entries at \nPERSONAL\n\nDeductions & Credits\nScroll down to Employment Expenses  - see image\n\n\n  


do you have to pay for an amend return  

No.As long as your income and deductions, after amending, are still within the limitations of the original return - and able to be processed by the version - Free Edition - then no charge.  Note, if instead, for example, you now have to add a stock or investment sale and a Form 1099-B, that would force an upgrade.See here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Taxes-101/How-to-File-an-Amended-Return-With-the-IRS/...  


Federal tracking :   Your tax has been sent to my bank on April 20. I reqested debit card direct deposit. I realized that fir some reason , I have entered the wrong account number and routing number when I filed. What should Indo now?  

If the IRS wheres my refund site confirms that your refund was paid, and you chose to receive your refund on a debit card, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank or apply it to a card.  If there are any problems, then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address. They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.  


While going through the interview in TurboTax (Windows CD) for\nthe bona fide residence test I ran into this issue, see screenshot attached. Turbotax\nis forcing me to have a minimum of 1 day on business for trips under my bona\nfide residence test, which in my case is not true. I would like to enter 0,\nwhich is not allowed, see screenshot; in 2015 I travelled to the US for\nvacation, but not a single day for business. Have the rules changed? Is this a bug\nin TurboTax? Please advice.  

just leave that box free. TT will assume its Zero  


I'm being audited for 8962 form and need to correct 1040x form to amend. Support Id 418771230  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 


My grandfather paid into Swiss Social-Security (AHV) for many years with after-tax money. He is living in the United States currently, and we are wondering if he needs to pay US Federal Tax on that Swiss pension that he is collecting now. It would seem that he would pay tax on it twice if he did.I found the US-Swiss tax treaty, and it seems unclear as he is living in the Other State from where the pension is coming from. According to Articles 18&19 of the treaty. Found here: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-trty/swiss.pdfAny help would be welcome on the subject. Thanks in advance!  

According to Article 19 2 the social security is taxable in the US, and only in the US. You/your grandfather would need to claim a treaty exemption in Switzerland to get taxes paid to Switzerland back and have them stop withholding (if they do withhold Swiss taxes). Report the pension on form 4852 (substitute for form 1099R)  


I have my 2015 taxes but need to print 2014?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I filed my 2015 taxes on free file.  I need to access my prior year's return.  I followed the directions exactly as to how to upgrade and pay; including going to the print center.  Every time I do this, it takes me directly back to my home page instead of prompting for a payment as the directions said it would.  I need to access these returns immediately, so any help would be appreciated.  

Contact TurboTax support for assistance with this problem.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


On or about 2.28/16,I filed my MI state and federal returns with Turbo-Tax,I was turned down by both MI and Federal IRS,because of an error.I was charged by Turbo-Tax $19.99 for the filing of my MI State return.I corrected my error.and Later that day I re-filed both my MI state and federal forms with Turbo-Tax.Again I was charged $19.99  by Turbo-Tax for filing my MI state return.I believe I was overcharged in the amount of$19.99 for the filing of my MI state return.I would expect to receive this overcharge back in to my credit card used in this transaction.Thanks for your attention in this matterJoseph J MarceauPS I tried to resolve this matter during Tax season,but such a busy time for all at Turbo0Tax,I was put on hold and lost the connections s a few times.I did receive on e-mail from a rep at Turbo-Tax claiming that I should have that overcharge back.Please contact me via e-mail if at all possible on this matter.( personal information removed)  

Sorry this is just a user to user forum and we can't help with Billing.  Call them again.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.  


Haven't received my refunds yet.it's been 4 wks. I s there a way I can be informed about what's going and what steps do I take to get my refunds asap?  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateTo check whether you used refund processing, and whether you typed your bank account numbers correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page.If it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Search your states tax web site for how to check your refund status. 


I have received $100,000 tax free money.  I want to put it into my IRA.  But, there is a strong likelihood I will withdraw $50,000 of that in a few months.  At the end of the year, when I get a 1099 for the withdrawals, will I be taxed on that $50,000 or will it somehow be offset by the fact I made the contribution?  

Heres the first problem.  You cant contribute $100,000 to your IRA.  The overall limit is $5,500 (or $6,500, if 50 or over), and the amount that is tax-deductible might be limited if you or your spouse are covered by retirement plans at work. In general, however, even if the  IRA contribution is deductible, the distribution will be taxable, and if you are under 59 1/2, a 10% penalty will be tacked on unless the distribution is used for certain qualified purposes.  


I went to the State website to followup on my Colorado State refund but status is always the same,  says "in process"....  

The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts.  


is the IRS just slow, or do I need to mail a check and voucher?  

Call the IRS and ask them 1800 829 1040  


I personally contributed all my HSA for 2015 via my employer payroll but my employer did not contribute any amount.  My W-2 shows in box 12 the amount I contributed (type W).  However, the type W designation does not explicitly distinguish between personal and employer contributions.  The Turbotax software defaults the contributions to employer-contributed and there seems to be no way to zero out the employer contribution and add it back as personal-contributed.  There is an area to add the amount of personal contribution but when I enter my amount the contribution is doubled.  Is there a way to get around this problem?  Thanks!  

The W designation for the contribution is correct.  There is absolutely no tax benefit to you to somehow distinguish between employer and employee pre-tax contributions.  All of that money came out of the employers bank account and was deposited in your HSA.You have paid no income tax on any of that money.All of that money in that account is now yours.  It can never revert back to the employer and you may do anything you wish with that money.  (Of course only distributions that are used for qualifying health costs come out tax free.)Can you see any way that somehow slicing and dicing that contribution between employer and employee yields any additional income tax benefit?Tom Young 


I need help choosing the percent to withhold from my AZ income A4 sheet.  

See if this helps:http://www.tax-brackets.org/arizonataxtable  


My mom and dad bought a car for me as a gift. They live in Puerto Rico and flew to the US to buy the car for me. He paid $10,000 cash and then I paid about $18,000 with a personal check and then they reimbursed me the money with a check from their business (that they own). I received a letter that form 8300 was sent to the IRS for the $10,000 cash. Is there anything special I have to do when filling out my taxes?  

Their gifts are not taxable income to you.  There is no reporting requirement on your part.  The Form 8300 reporting is routine when cash in amounts of $10K or more are received.  This is part of the governments anti-money laundering efforts.  Tom Young  


Also I got a notice from the IRS that changes to my 2014 from 1040A Thank you for your helpJohn  

Only you would know if you paid taxes owed for 2015, by a bank account or credit card record.And what did the IRS change for 2014?  


I would like you to show an itemized list in the taxes owed display on the left side of the Turbo Tax window.  Mine showed that I owed $46,647.00.  I sold my holdings to raise this amount.  After I submitted my taxes, the tax form showed that I actually owed $13,679.00.Maybe an expert user would have known to deduct what was shown on his various deductions and deduce how much remains to be paid.  However I am not an expert.  In my opinion you should show the deductions already made and the taxes that remains to be paid.  Instead of showing the total amount of taxes owed.  Remember not all Turbo Tax users are tax specialists.  

It sounds like you made a data entry error somewhere. Always print a copy of your tax return and worksheets, and check them before you file.  


how can i find it on turbo tax  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


If I cash out my pension my income for 2016 would be about $750K. 20% will be take for federal Tax, 10% for maryland. What tax bracket would i actually fall into?  

Yikes!  Are you sure you dont want to do a rollover, at least in part?Your Federal marginal rate will be 39.6%, plus youll be subject to additional Medicare tax, phaseout of personal exemptions and itemized deductions, and lots of other costly things.Please see a local tax professional before you do anything. http://fairmark.com/general-taxation/reference-room/2016-tax-rate-schedules/  


We paid 59.95 to itemize and you decided to use 1040EZ.  Were the deductions used for the refund.  If you did not itemize they the EZ is free and I expect to get a refund.  If they were used, I would like to be able to copy the entire return but now all I can get is the 1040EZ page  

You cannot itemize deductions on Form 1040EZ.  You must take the Standard Deduction.  


its for 2014 and I have fixed my birthday with the SSA.  

No.  You can print it out and mail it now. You can only efile a current year (2015) return.   Or do you need to change it first?  Heres info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525How to finish a prior year,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186197 


I would like to close down my  roth IRA and realize close to $19k loss. I know my exact numbers but do not have the tax returns to prove. Will IRS have the record to verify my claim? Also can I request IRS to send my tax info from 1999 or is it too late? I have one tax return of $5k conversion.  One year conversion was allowed to be spread over 4 yrs at that time.  I lost all my money playing with options.  

you must be itemizing. Your loss is a miscellaneous deduction subject to the 2% exclusion.You must close out all Roth IRAs you own to do this.Your conversions are recorded on your brokerage statements, and on Form 5498 which you should be keeping forever, but which are sent to the IRS.  


I was insured all but 2 months, but did not fill out the form properly, how do I amend this information.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


WORK IN NC LIVE IN VA,WHERE DO I GET THE D400 FORM  

Just log into your TT account, and print the NC return.  


IRS asked for additional documents showing what was withheld. I mailed them my 1099's with info but nothing different than what I used on my return.  Something is wrong here.  

The IRS will be sending you a letter about this within the next couple of weeks.  


The state,SCDOR, has notified me and has adjusted my return.  Have not heard from the federal. The error is 2015 est pymts.  I made none.  

If that is all it is, just wait to see if and when contacted by the IRS.  If you get a notice and you agree with the additional tax assessed, then just send it in.Having said that, it is not real clear if you took a deduction for estimated tax payments that were not in fact actually paid?  Maybe a few more facts would be great to make sure we have addressed the whole situation.  


your system is down  

How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n  


Is my password to a new cra online account in m y tax return. How do I get a new password for cra accopunt?  

This is the USA forum, not Canada.  


Our daughter did not qualify to retain the mortgage on her home after a divorce. We (her parents) assumed the mortgage in our names. The daughter pays for any necessary repairs or improvements as needed, and writes a check each month to us to make the mortgage payment (which includes home insurance and property taxes) which is in our name. How is this reported for tax purposes.  

We (her parents) assumed the mortgage in our names.You need to explain what that means for an answer.  Does that mean that you just informally make the payments, or did the bank refinance the mortgage in your names (e.g., are you liable to the bank for the payments?Similarly, is your daughter still liable on the mortgage, or has the lending institution totally released her?  


I put in the incorrect wire number on my direct deposit and thus did not get my wire. How do i track m refund check?  

The IRS will mail you a check in about 2 weeks.  


dont remember total of refund  

Call 1 (800) 400-7115 can dept of revenue and ask them  


Received a letter from the IRS stating that I owe taxes on $8100 SS benefits for 2014.I also received a letter from SS stating that I owe them $8400 in benefits received for 2014. Total amount received in SSI benefits was $12,280.  

You cannot take credit for Social Security benefits repaid until you actually repay them.This, you owe taxes for the amount received in 2014. You claim credit when you make the repayment, presumably in 2016. 


I received a corrected W2 from my company, and I am aware of the fact that I have to amend my tax return. Im currently going through the TurboTax amending process and am on the W2 info screen. However, I am not sure as to whether I have to edit the existing w2 (which is the wrong one that I initially filed with), or add a new entry for the corrected one. I have already filed my taxes and received my return based on the wrong w2. Any information would be helpful.  

You edit the W-2 that needs correcting.  Tom Young  


I own TT Home and Business and need to complete a multi owner LLC Partnership for one of my customers.  Is there any way I can avoid purchasing an entirely new product, i.e., TT Business?  

The TurboTax Business Edition is a totally separate program from the personal editions of TurboTax.  It is a stand-alone program that can only be installed on a Windows based computer, not on a Mac or online.  The Business Edition cannot complete a personal tax return, Form 1040.Go to this TurboTax website to purchase a CD or Download of the Business Edition - https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 


I never received my refund .When can I receive my refund?  

What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite.  


I changed postal address last year and probably didn't register new address with CPP.  

Make sure you review the dependent information section closely under personal informaiton ro make sure you have all the correct boxes selected, dob and social security numbers correct. Click on the blue "Explain this" for a quick summary and see the publication for a more detailed description from the IRS of the requirements - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p596.pdf  


I already have filed my 2015 return, but wanted to upgrade to Plus and attempted too. I still can't access my 2014 return and Plus is grayed out as an upgrade option.  

If the upgrade option to Plus is grayed out then you already are using the Plus edition.  You just have to pay for the account to access the prior year returns.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


UTMA remains untouched in its original investment vehicle and was not required for college tuition.  

A UTMA does not shelter income.  Any income is taxable to the child no matter what his/her age, as the child is the owner of the account (the parent is the Custodian.)  If required to file, the child should have been reporting it annually as received (or, if interest and dividends, it could have been reported on the parents return.)Normally, when a child reaches majority the balance in the account (or the account itself) is transferred to the child as there is no longer a need for a custodian.  


my refund took too long to be approved, so they made me pay out of my personal account, but when I ended up receiving my refund the fees had been taken from that also  

How much did they take out of the refund?  Was it just the 34.99 Refund Processing Serivice charge?If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees It says..... Note: If the IRS releases your refund after you've paid your TurboTax fees, we won't deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.OR the IRS reduced your refund.  If they did they will send you a letter saying what they changed on your return. 


We filed my significant others tax information on 4/26 via paper filing (for 2014 year taxes) and are waiting on a tax return transcript to provide to our lender. Its become an issue, so I was hoping someone might have gone through this process who can give us an idea of how long it actually takes. When I e-file, it usually takes less than the 21 days the IRS gives me, but Ive never paper filed.  

Paper filed returns typically take at least 4-6 weeks to process, but years older than 2015 can take longer.Transcripts take about 6 weeks.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript-FAQs 


Need copy of 2015 returned faxed o an officer at Bank of America  

On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return or Click Download all forms and worksheets  


I am wanting to know if there is anything that is hindering my return being sent but I can not reach any one to speak to. Is there any other number I can try?  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


The numbers I entered happen to be those I use for pension dispersement, and have been working for years....again...something's not right ($20 x how many taxpayers? Someone's making out)  

Only the bank can tell you why. And its not the issuing bank, but the receiving bank that rejects deposits.  


I filed separately thinking it was best. that way I paid on one return and got what i thought would be a larger return on the other. when i finished i realized that was wrong. however i had already paid on one return. How do i get back the money i paid?  

Call the 800 number for the IRS and ask them what form you need to correct this error. They will tell you what form you need and what information you need to send to make a change to your taxes.  


I have a question on the 2014 return the IRS are saying that I fail to include my income from my job  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


Wouldn't Turbo tax notify me?  Never received paperwork or call till now.  

If you received a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS, the phone call is a scam.  The IRS does not communicate with taxpayers by phone or email, only through the US mail.See this IRS website for telephone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz...  


I received a letter from the IRS stating that I needed to file form 8962 before I could receive my refund.  I went online to TurboTax and chose to amend my original return and went from receiving a refund to a refund of 0.  I don't understand how to complete the requested form on the IRS site, and thought it would be easier via TurboTax.  In addition, I received a message from Turbo Tax that after answering the questions about health care coverage, my return did not change, but the refund amount did change.  I don't know what went wrong, or how to proceed.  Thanks! Carolyn  

If federal call 800 829 1040 and talk to the ird about this  


Would it be even worth filing an amendment to our return for the $8500 spent on business purchases?  Income is the same, but the amount spent is greater than what we thought.  Thanks!  

If he filled out a schedule C in your Joint return then 8,500 will make a big difference.  It will reduce the regular income tax on your return and reduce the self employment tax on 1040 line 57 by about $1,200.  In fact you have to report all your expenses.  You can get in trouble for not reporting expenses if by not reporting them it qualifies you for the EIC earned income credit.If he is a Single Member LLC he probably filed a Schedule C in your personal Joint return.  You will need to upgrade to Home & Business to enter more expenses.  Here's how to amend,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online  


I didn't put any banking Info in on your site and it says on the Irs website it was sent out April 29 via direct deposit to my bank however it said on your website I will be getting back a visa gift card ?  

It is direct deposited into the bank that issues the NetSpend VISA card, who then places it on your card.  


No  

If you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used TT Desktop, look for a. 2015tax file on your computer. 


I have looked at and tried to follow the instructions for the questions "how to upgrade" but I did not have "Print Center" as a selection option under "Account"  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


do I need to resend the amended form  

call 800 829 1040 and ask the irs  


It's 2015 document  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


After I had approved the filing of my returns (federal and California) showing $3.00 due U.S. and zero to California some questions were asked me about our interest income.  I answered these and then the returns were filed and now have been accepted by both taxing authorities showing multiple entries of the same interest income items, resulting in great increase in taxes and other charges which have now shown up on my credit card account.  I had agreed to the payment of the $3.00 additional tax and the related Visa charge but never the huge additional amounts which were the result of what I believe to be your error in not recognizing these multiple entries of interest income.  Do I file amended returns?  Do I have a way of correcting the unauthorized credit card charges?  Help.  Philip Wilcox  

File amended returns to both state and federal returnsFederal is 1 800 829 1040  


I had a large refund, I checked the option to pay for the turbo tax services via "pull from the return".  This ends up with Santa Barbara Tax Group holding the money.  They decided to put it on fraud review due to the amount.  It doesn't say in the agreement what the rules are for putting money on hold.  They then require you to go online and send them a copy of your license or passport.  They then take another 7 business days to process the return. If you don't know this or don't contact them they take their money and send the rest back to the IRS.  Then the IRS sends you a paper check in maybe 12 weeks.  If you doubt me in this, just call and ask them about when they can stop sending you your return.  Mine was stopped for the reason it was a lot of money.  Nothing else, I verified who I was and still am waiting.  So, if you are smart, don't use this service and if you do be prepared to be disappointed and wait.  Oh by the way, their customer service supervisor did say that they were delayed internally due to the quantity of items they are reviewing, this means they are not staffed to handle tax season.  Don't use them.  

You can avoid SBTPG altogether by paying your TT fees with a debit, credit or prepaid card.And you can avoid waiting for a big refund by changing your tax withholding on form W4. 


am trying to fill out the 2013 1040x form...how do I calculate the tax on line 6?  

If you are using TurboTax you dont have to calculate the tax. TurboTax will calculate it for you automatically. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to amend a 2013 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915This TurboTax AnswerXchange forum is maintained by Intuit, the company that makes TurboTax, to help its customers use TurboTax to prepare their tax returns.The calculation of the tax can be very complex, depending on what is in your tax return. If you are not using TurboTax, see the instructions for line 6 in the IRS instructions for Form 1040X, and the instructions for line 44 in the 2013 IRS instructions for Form 1040.  


It indicates that it was accepted on turbo tax, it has been almost 90 days, and when we track it, it says "Our records do not indicate a refund was due that matches the criteria you entered." We are kind of at a loss as to what to do.  

Call 225 219 5500  


I filed electronically over 11 weeks ago and havent heard anything. Just wondering if anyone has any feed back or has received their refund and what their wait time was.  

If you have been waiting over 45 days for your refund, you need to call 1-800-829-1040 and ask for an explanation.  I would suggest calling as early in the day as possible as sometimes it is hard to get through to the IRS.  Be sure to have your SSN, the amount of your refund and filing status handy as they will ask you for these items.Good luck!  


I had previously asked for assistance ( ref # 417904971 ) and was advised to wait till my current tax return was processed and my refund received before attempting to amend. ( This has recently occurred )  -----  I noticed when putting away my paperwork that I had missed the adjustment for the 2015 Louisiana tax return for Elementary Secondary School Tuition code 17E or $ 5,000 as it was on my previous years return.     Upon further comparison I discovered that for the 2014 return I had neglected to indicate that my wifes retirement income did not have code 02E with her retirement date.  ( which I did include correctly on the 2015 return )  

You have a lot of questions going on here.  Lets discuss amended returns.  You should use Turbo Tax to calculate and prep the filing documents for the amended returns in question.   One exercise I do to check my numbers is to go back to Turbo Tax in the years in question and re-do the returns to see what you get.  You should take care of the amended returns sooner rather than later.  When you file an amended return  you also extend the time which the IRS or other tax authorities have to audit your returns and none of us wants that.   Although the IRS would argue against this, I have noticed that amended returns have a more likely chance of being audited for the amended years as well as years before and after.  Because of the documentation and calculations involved I would highly recommend going to a professional. I would  go through my calculations and see if the amended benefit outweighs the cost of a professional and possibly opening up other years for audit.  Although I am recommending going to a professional, I equally believe it is important to have an estimate of what your professional will provide you.   I hope that helps.  


I have not received my refund. How do I take it off line 18.  

You dont take it off. You will eventually receive the refund, so you have to account for it on the 1040X. It would be best to wait to file your amended return until after you receive the refund from your original return, in case the IRS makes any adjustments to your original return.  


It said the review should be complete by 5/26 and I would receive a letter or my refund after this date.  Why dose it take so long to review my account?  

IRS will finish the review and send you the notification letter. The date mentioned is approximate, so give it little extra time, before you follow up. It may take 2 weeks after they finish their review.  


I need to be able to view my 2015 return online but when I log in the website seems to think I need to file a new return.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your online return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I received my Wisconsin return, however, my return was $549 but my return shows that I should have received $919.  I have not received a letter or notice from Wisconsin stating I owed any other taxes or fees.  Can somebody help me answer this question  

How long has it been?  It can take 2-3 weeks or longer to get a letter explaining the reason a refund was reduced.  You can try phoning the state tax agency to see if you can learn anything.  Click on your state in this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


I need to retrieve a tax form I did online, but I used the same email address for two returns, mine and my mom's.  The file online will only retireve the most recent form.  How can I access the earlier return for my mom?  

Using the same email is OK but not if it was used as the UserID for both returns ....  then the second return filed would have overwritten the first return permanently.Hopefully you used different accounts so check for others connected to that email....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302270  


When do installment agreement (Form 9465) payments occur when setup as ACH bank payment?  I did my taxes almost a month ago and entered my checking account number and routing number on form 9465 but have yet to see any payment deducted from my account.  I am concerned something is wrong and I will get penalized.  

Installment Agreement has to be paper filed (mailed).IRS generally contacts you to notify you if it is approved. You should contactIRS if you have heard nothing. There is a one time set-up fee of $53 for 9465.Interest is still charged.  


I accidentally purchased the Turbotax 2013 platform earlier in the month. It is of no use to me. Since I will not be using it, can I return it for refund? I know thats sort of a tough thing to do since its a digital download.  

You can contact the Turbotax center https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ during their business hours M-F 8-5pm Pacific time and ask.Do not put refund in as the question or it will direct you to the where is my refund site.  


need copies of my w-2's  

Turbo Tax doesnt have copies of the actual W2s, just what you entered from them.  To get a copy you need to ask your employer for another copy.  You can also get them from the Social Security Admin, but there is a fee.  


box 1 gross distribution $6,500box 2 taxable amount    $6,500box 2b                                 (x)box 7                                     2ira/sep/simple                      (x)  

Because the $6500 is taxable.  


I HAVE TO REMOVE THE FORM8863 IN MY AMENDED, SO IF I DIDNT RECEIVED THE REFUND YET,WHY THE LINE 22 IS EMPTY? I CANT PUT  BY MYSELF THE AMOUNT REFUND TO ME  

Have you tried\ndeleting the form?  See the following on how to delete a form, choose the\ninstructions for the version you are using.\n\nHeres how to delete\nforms in TurboTax Online:\n\n1.    Open your return, if its not already open.\n\n2.    In the upper right corner, click My Account\n> Tools.\n\n3.    In the pop-up window, select Delete a form.\n\n4.    Click Delete next to the form or schedule and follow the\ninstructions to remove the form/schedule.\n\n-------------------------------------------------\nTo delete a form in the CD/Download version:\n\nWindows\n1.Open your tax return and then switch to Forms mode.\n2. In the left pane, select the form you want to remove.\n3. After the form is generated in the right pane, click the Delete Form button\nat the bottom of the window.\n4. Follow any on-screen instructions to remove the form or forms.\n\nMac\n1.Open your tax return and then switch to Forms mode.\n2. In the left pane, select the form you want to remove (if you dont see it,\nclick Open Form at the top).\n3. From the Forms menu, select Remove [name of form].\n4. Follow any on-screen instructions to remove the form or forms If\nyou still need assistance with this issue you probably need to talk directly to\nTT Customer Support and let them troubleshoot it for you in real\ntime.  They can even screen share if necessary.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2)  Choose the product platform you are\nusing.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested articles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to enter the Support module to get a\nphone number. (That will be grayed out when they are closed). Current business\nhours are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific 


I just need my 2006 taxes so I can sell my house; there is information from the return that I need.  

Before upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


Need my two ID's combined so I get the credit for paying for TT 2015.  

They cannot be combined but TT support can unlock the 2013 return ...Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed. 


Please help A.S.A.P.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Never mind. I figured it out. And now I cant delete my question.  

Resolved by asker.  


I filed on 3/18 but still have not seen the return deposited into my account. I used their online site to look up where my return is and they can't find it...  

https://dor.georgia.gov/individual-taxpayers  


I am running TurboTax business on a Mac thus using Parallels to launch Windows  

You cannot find a place for estimated taxes on that form is because the S-corp doesnt pay any taxes therefore it doesnt need to make estimated payments.  All income & expenses are passed thru to the members who pay taxes on their personal tax returns so if you made payments on the form 1040-ES then they are reported on the form 1040 not the 1120S. Also I hope that you and any other members are taking a paycheck and filing the correct payroll forms at least quarterly and not just taking all of the profits as draws .... see the following info on that subject ...The IRS position is\nthat an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable compensation to an officer before\nnon-wage distributions may be made.  The reason is that they feel that\nnon-wage distributions when no wages are paid is an avoidance of social\nsecurity taxes.  From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable Compensation\n\nS corporations must pay reasonable\ncompensation to a shareholder-employee in return for services that the employee\nprovides to the corporation before non-wage distributions may be made to the\nshareholder-employee. The amount of reasonable compensation will never exceed\nthe amount received by the shareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions and other payments by an S\ncorporation to a corporate officer must be treated as wages to the extent the\namounts are reasonable compensation for the service rendered to the\ncorporation.\n\nSeveral court cases support the authority of\nthe IRS to reclassify other forms of payments to a shareholder-employee as a\nwage expense and subject to employment taxes.\n\nThe page cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d\n1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one judicial finding on the IRSs authority to\nreclassify distributions to wages subject to employment taxes.  Factors to\ndetermine reasonable compensation are given in the ruling.\n\nThe AICPA has an interesting article on this\ntopic here: http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\nYou also might want to read a lively\ndiscussion on the Tax Almanac website here: http://www.taxalmanac.org/index.php/Discussion_Forum_-_Tax_Questions .  The substance of the discussion seems\nto be that taking a reasonable salary is not optional and, if you took\ndistributions with no salary, the distributions should be changed to salary\nwith appropriate employment tax returns being filed (late, if necessary.) \n\nThe fastest way to get audited as an\nS-Corporation is to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return.  


I can not find it online  

f you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used TT Desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer.  


I called the IRS and if I didn't have a PIN #, then I just put down 2014 estimated gross income. I thought I completed everything.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I have tried and tried to get my email verified  please help!!!  

Leave the window open, as it expires when you close it.  Use another browser window to check your mail, or check your mail on a different web browser (like Internet Explorer) or use a smart phone or other device.  In most browsers, control-N will open a new window, and control-T will open a new tab (command-N or command-T on Macs.)Once you get logged in, if you go to your personal settings and add a cell phone number, you can change your security preferences to send any future verification codes to your phone by text message instead of email, if that is easier for you.  


It been a month and still. In prosses  

The IRS goal is 21 days, but it can take longer.State refund times vary.  


I also have an online account that I used to complete my parents tax returns.  Everytime I sign in I go to the online version instead of the downloads for my computer.  Please help!  

Use this link to try to retrieve your download.  Before trying it, log out of all Intuit accounts, clear your browser Internet cache, and close/reopen the browser.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download 


I used [personal info removed].  

Please do not post your email address on this public forum.And this is the USA tax forum, not Canada.  


I have a card now that they can put my money on in my name can you guys tell me what I need to do  

Right now you dont need to do anything.  If your the deposit to your bank or card is rejected, the IRS will send a paper check to the address on your tax return.  


i believe you have my money in your controlled bank account under my name.  please contact me about where my tax return is.  

If the IRS has paid your refund (and you confirmed thisTurbotaxs estimates are not reliable), and if you used refund transfer to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.  


Ive called my bank, and the IRS I'm being told to now contact TurboTax to locate my return that says It was sent March 7, but I never received in 2 months later. What do I need to do to get my return?  

NOTE:  The following may or may not apply to you, depending on whether you chose to pay any TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund or not.  If you didnt have any fees, or if you paid upfront, this wont apply.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


We file married, joint. We run a business. We want to be able to divide the SE Tax between us to give us each some credit towards future social security benefits. My CPA says we can file one Schedule C because we are in CA, a community property state.  What is the best way to handle this? The program says if we both own the business, we need to do two Sch Cs and divide it all up.  Please help.  

Your CPA is correct.  [Remainder of post deleted.]  


can i get my tax return papers please ?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Under IRS Notice 2014-7 income from a Medicaid waiver program Im enrolled in is non-taxable. Tax is still withheld, however, and income is reported on a W-2. I negate this income by entering a negative amount as Other Income on my 1040. This lowers my income enough to qualify me for the Earned Income Credit, and TurboTax calculates it. But since my only earned income is from the Medicaid waiver, I dont have any taxable earned income and dont qualify for the EIC. How can I get TurboTax to handle this properly?  

The problem is that the W-2 that you received is incorrect. See the FAQ at the following link for details, including options for what you can do about it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2635384  


I filed everything with TurboTax a few months ago and I still haven't gotten my Federal tax return. Yet TurboTax is telling me to pay for the services. And TurboTax isn't doing anything to help me with the processes of receiving my return. does that make any sense ? I don't want to pay for a service that didn't work.  

Please do not blame Turbo Tax for IRS not processing your return. There are MANY reasons the refund could be held up.1. Check for an IRS letter in the mail indicating they need more information. This is happening all too often this tax season if the Health Care forms (1095-A) do not match what IRS has on file for you.2. Your refund could be OFFSET by a debt due. Check the Treasury Offset Center 1-800-304-3107 to determine if you owe a debt that your IRS refund has being applied to.3. Check Wheres my refund here:- https://sa.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp4. If all these fail call IRS as soon after 7 am (local time) as possible.  The agent MAY be able to assist you. 


I followed the directions, but only 2014 is available...  

If you have some idea what you named the 2015 file, search from the start button.  But your 2015 return should open automatically, or TT 2015 should ask you if you want to work on a saved return in progress, when you open it.  You always should give you file a name using the save as command, and also save a backup as a pdf so that you can look at it (and print if necessary) so you dont need TT to open it.  


I looked under my timeline it is not there  

Try this:\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.  Scroll down to some things you can do.\n\nLook for the link all forms and worksheets.  Does that have the 1040X and any changed forms you need?  It might be mixed in among other forms, and it might not be there.\n\nIf not, you can open your return back up to get it.\n\nSo in your 2015 Tax Timeline, under Some things you can do click on Amend (change) return.\n\nIf you have already completed the changes, you should be able to skip to the FILE tab to print and mail the amended return.\nIf the above method didnt work, heres an alternate way to print while the return is open:\nClick on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose Print Center.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.   There should be a choice for a PDF as filed, or one with all forms and worksheets.  See if one of those PDFs has the 1040X and forms you need.\n\n  


Looking at my year by year, my refund fell by 3000 usd this year. Can you please review my case and see if i did anything wrong?  

Try comparing your 2014 and 2015 returns side by side, line by line.  Something may stand out.  Also check for any data entry errors.  


I am in the process of closing on a mortgage and the underwriter tells me I need an independent verification that my business exists for my self employed income to be factored into the debt to income ratio.  I have provided tax returns including schedule C for the previous 2 years but they are requesting a letter from a CPA stating the business is active. Is this something TurboTax can provide as part of my premium subscription?  

No, sorry.  


Receive IRS notice. I applied a 2014 estimated tax accidently to my 2015 tax payments. The form reduced that amount that was applied to the 2016 estimated taxes. IRS form shows amount due is $0.00 and the amount  applied to 2016 was reduced by the mistake!!  The IRS form says We changed your 2015 form 1040 to match our records of your estimated payments.... I  Corrected the mistake by removing the payment in TurboTax amended return. Now TurboTax  1040X says I owe the amount of the mistake even though that amount was NOT credited to my IRS account. According to the IRS I owe nothing as they corrected my 1040. How do I correct the 1040X in TurboTax to show $0 due as the IRS does???  I need to file the 1040X to send a schedule that was omitted by an investment place, the schedule will not increase or decrease my taxes as it was a small non deductible loss.  

I  Corrected the mistake by removing the payment in TurboTax amended return. No, if you had done so, your revised tax return would match up with the IRS version of your tax return. 


I don't remember if which one I selected how to receive my state taxes. How can i find out  

It will go on your Net Spend card.  


Hi, I enrolled in a monthly payment for my federal balance. I had to mail a my first payment. Will my remaining payments be automatically deducted from my account?  

It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin)approving or denying the application, you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf  


I just need the return documents for an audit.  

jcrawford1218:How did you prepare the 2014 return?   Online TurboTax or desktop version?If you prepared the return in desktop software (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF or the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search your computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.   If you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at the end of this post. If you prepared the return online, however, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineIf you used TurboTax Online and dont find any 2014 returns in your account, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong one.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you cant find your 2014 online return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-returnNOTE:  If you need to pay for a 2015 online return to unlock a past return, report back for instructions on how to do so.If you used the desktop version and didnt save (or lost) a copy of your return, you can order a free return transcript from the IRS which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Is there a way to save on taxes if I'm selling my current house and buying a new one in the same year? My biggest concern here is with how I'm planning to buy the new house. I have quite a bit of RSU stocks that have vested more than a year ago that I'm trying to sell to cover the downpayment of the new house. (I've read the taxes on these can be up to 20%) But from what I've read, gains I made from appreciation of the stocks + any gains that I have from sale of old house are all counted as incomes, and I'm worried that I will end up with huge tax bill at the end of the year. Is this just not a good idea?? Also as a bonus question, is there a special tax break I can get from sale of the RSU stocks if I use capital gains from it as points or downpayment of the new house?  

Bonus question: NO.  It makes no difference what you do with the proceeds of the sale of the stock.  Assuming you have a log term capital gain it will be taxes at long term capital gains rates irrespective of how you use the money.You might have a capital gain from the sale of the old house but, depending on your situation, you may be able to exclude up to $500,000 of those gains. https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Sale-of-Residence-Real-Estate-Tax-Ti...Read the IRSs summary of the personal residence gain exclusion and you may find out youll own nothing due to the old houses sale.Tom Young  


I filed my returns on 02/10/16Received a letter fromnirs to send.my  form 8812.Faces it on 03/17/16 Was told it will take 6-8 week to get my refundsBut Notting yet.Any idea what.might the problems  

What is the Where is my refund site saying? https://www.irs.gov/RefundsYou should count the time from when you send in additional information. If you want to call the IRShttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Telephone-Assistance 1-800-829-1040  


What do i do,how do i make sure i put the right routing number? who do i call because i still have not received in in my account but the IRS.gov says it was sent to my account on May 4th 2016?  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 


It took the IRS longer than expected to refund me and you guys insisted that I pay you guys the $72.00 then instead of waiting. Now that my refund has been deposited you guys took another $72.00.  

Normally when theres a delay at the IRS, the first fee you paid would have been the product fees, and the second fee (the part taken from your refund) would have just been the refund processing fee of 34.99 (or 39.99 for California filers.)This is mainly a user community forum, so youll need to phone the folks at TurboTax Customer Support for any account-specific issues.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


How does one get past this field?  

Within Turbotax, enter your spouses name in the Personal Info section.  When you are done with your return, print it out.  On Form 1040, in the field for your spouses social security number, enter NRA for non-resident alien.  Mail your tax return.  You can only file as Married Filing Separately, or Head of Household if you have a dependent that qualifies you for that status. 


I  

You need to file a 1040NR -- a non-resident tax return.  


For 2015 I had income both in MA, NY and NJ. My wife had income solely in MA. We are MA resident. Just checked my MA and NY tax return and got confused.Let me use a simplified example to roughly demonstrate my situation. Assume my wife has 90K MA income. Assume I have 10K MA, 10K NJ and 70K NY income. I will roughly include the deductions. Our MA tax is about 160K*5.85% ~ 9K.\nOur NY tax is calculated as:\n\nLine 37 New York taxable income =  160K\nLine 38 New York State tax on line 37 amount = 160K*6.45% = 10K\nLine 45 Income Percentage =  70/180 = 38%\nLine 46 allocated New York State Tax =  10K * 38% = 4K\n\nThe NJ tax is more or less the same as NY, except for that the income percentage calculation excludes the NY income, i.e. 10K/11K ~ 9%. And the NJ tax is about  300 (10K * 3%)It seems that my NY income is taxed in both MA and NY, and my NJ income is taxed in both MA and NJ.I followed step-by-step in turbotax. Did I make some mistake? Should my wife and I file federal return jointly, but state returns separately? Ive mailed all the state tax returns. If so, how should I fix it? Thanks  

Did you prepare your non-resident state returns first, and then claim a credit on your MA return for tax paid to NY and NJ? That appears to be missing from your description.If you did not claim the MA credit, youll need to amend the MA tax return.  


I m single retiree and the only income I have is my social security check. I m forced to sell my house because I cant afford the paying the mortgage on the  house, The lender refuse to give me reduce rate on the mortgage. The house will sell for substantial amount. My gain is well above the gain exclusion (say I paid 600k for my house in 2005 and now it will sell for 1.3M) I know my exclusion is 250K plus expenses and renovation etc. But still I have some gain. How much federal and state tax I should expect to pay on the extra gain after the exclusion? I m 15% tax bracket and live in CA.  

If your only income is social security, you are not in the 15% tax bracket, because your social security income would not be taxable, and you would owe no federal income tax.  However, lets assume that your only income is $24,000 in social security.  You sell the house for $1.3 million and have $78,000 in selling expenses (6% of sale amount).  Also assume that your cost basis is $700,000 - the original purchase price plus capital improvements of $100,000.  In that case, your taxable gain is $272,000 (1,300,000 - 78,000 - 700,000 - 250,000).  Your total federal tax would be $42,770 assuming you do not owe a penalty for underestimated tax payments. Your California tax would be $22,444 - again assuming you do not owe an underpayment penalty.  In this situation, the following happens:1.  85% of your social security income becomes taxable2.  You pay capital gains tax on $272,000.3.  Your personal exemption is reduced4.  You pay Alternative Minimum Tax5.  You pay Net Investment Income TaxHave you considered a reverse mortgage?  


A few years back I rolled over a company 401K to Fidelity. The company sent a letter stating they overpaid and I should pay back a certain amount. Fidelity suggested to sell funds from the Rollover IRA which they sent to me and I sent the company a certified check. The IRS sees the IRA withdrawal as early withdrawal and wants to tax it accordingly. I'd like to find out how I can prove to the IRS that this was a return payment for an overpayment. Unfortunately I don't have the company letter anymore...Any suggestions greatly appreciated.  

When you say the company overpaid you initially, what do you mean?  If you over contributed to your 401k initially, then rolled it over, then took out the over payment, then it IS taxable.  The money that went in was never taxed and it should be.  Had you not rolled it over, you would have received a 1099-R from the companys 401k to remove the overage.  See if Fidelity will re-issue their 1099-R with one of the penalty exception code for a Corrective Distribution.  They will probably need a letter from the company stating such.  


Would like to have a tel.# for supports  

If you need form 982, you probably got a form 1099-C for cancellation of debt, right? Go to Wages & Income - Less Common Income - Miscellaneous Income, 1099A & 1099C. Follow the path through that and you will get form 982 fillled out.  If you intend to exclude the cancelled debt from income by claiming insolvency, Turbo Tax may not cover that. (The Premium Edition of Turbo Tax does not - it recommends you see a professional tax preparer in that situation).  


I filed my taxes first, then my parents filed theirs. I got a return, but my parents did not because they claimed me as there dependent and i did not on mine. How do i change it? Thanks  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-returnFirst, are you a dependent? If you are over age 19 and not a student and earn over $4,000 you are not a dependent.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/Rules-for-Claiming-a-Dependent-on-Your-Tax-Ret...If you are a dependent start your amended return. Under personal information edit your name and in the follow up questions choose that you can be listed as a dependent of someone else. If your parents have already filed without you being listed on their return they will also have to amend. If they have not filed they can just add your name as a dependent but they will have to paper file the return since your social security number has been used for the year.  


My old account email was [removed]  

\nFill out an IRS form 4506.  It can be filled out on line if you google IRS Form 4506\n\n  


There doesn't seem to be a specific line item for subcontractors, so I want to make sure I put it in the correct place.  

Contract Labor goes on line 11 of the Schedule C. Make sure you arent required to file 1099s for the subcontractors as well. From TurboTax help: Line 11Contract laborEnter the payments made for contract labor. Do not include salaries and wages paid to your employees. Do not include amounts that are Commissions & Fees; enter those on line 10. Review the help for Commissions & Fees for an explanation about filing form 1099-Misc for Independent Contractors. Also, do not include amounts for labor deducted elsewhere, for example as part of legal and professional or repair and maintenance services, or cost of goods sold.  


I need a CPA letter verifying my Schedule C self employment income  

If your self-employment income was reported to you on a 1099-MISC, a copy of your 1099-MISC should be sufficient to verify it.  Just my opinion.  


how do I change my tax service back to the basic service?  

If you have not filed your return or paid yet you can use the clear and start over option and choose a different product.Using Clear & Start Over in TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248526 


Note that for my amendment, I have no new W2 forms to be reported.  

Since you had no new W-2 information, it is not necessary to resubmit your original W-2s with the amended return provided you submitted all your W-2s with the original state return.  If the amended return generated modified or new forms that had not been submitted with the original federal/state returns, you will need to submit the new/modified forms with the amended return.  


My original 2014 CA tax return has bar code on Form 540 (side 3) and Schedule CA (540) (side 2) but these bar code are not printed on the amended tax return I just completed. Please advise.  

I just printed a 540X out for a client and the Bar Codes DO NOT show on the corrected 540.    You should be fine.  


I need to print my 2015 tax info  

With just a couple of clicks, youll have a copy in no time.How to get your 2015 tax returnHow to get an older tax return 


than my husband....should it have been only one PIN for both of us?  

If you filed your return electronically using Turbo Tax, you should have received two emails from Turbo Tax.  One advising you that your return was submitted successfully to the IRS by Turbo Tax.  The second message from Turbo Tax should have been received within 24 - 48 hours of the first email and if your return was accepted by the IRS, the second message would give you confirmation of the acceptance.  If your return was accepted by the IRS and you are receiving a refund, wait 4-5 days then access the IRS web site at www.irs.gov.  When you have the IRS site open, select Where is my refund on the right side of the screen and then select Where is my refund on the second screen.  Select OK on the warning message and then have the SSN, filing status, and refund amount ready to enter on the next screen.  The SSN should be the first SSN listed on your return and the refund amount should be the amount on your tax return in whole dollars.  If you have entered the data correctly, your should receive an IRS status for your return.If  the return was not accepted by the IRS, the Turbo Tax email should advise you of the rejection and give you an indication for the rejection.  In this case, you will have to make the necessary corrections and resubmit your return through Turbo Tax.If your return was accepted by the IRS, you are not receiving a refund, and your are still concerned if your return has been received by the IRS, you will need to call the IRS at 800-829-1040, listen carefully to the prompts, follow the instructions, and your will eventually get to talk to a real person.  Allow 30 60 minutes for this action.Good luck.  


I'm a legal guardian of my teenage brother who will be attending a private school in another state. I know normally private school tuition is not tax deductible but as a F-1 visa student, he has no choice of attending a public school. Hence, can I deduct his education expenses?  

K-12 education expenses arent deductible on your MA state tax return either.  


I would like to get a phone number to talk to a live person  

You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I filed an extension one day and paid on the 13th April. Then went back 1 day later on the 14th and paid the amount I still owed per the Turbo Tax forms. This included an $194 fee paid for under estimated taxes I guess. Why did I get the CP25 which shows that I owe $0.  

To let  you know that there was a difference in what  you put down as es-payments and that the bill  is now zeroWe made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero.We made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero.We made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero.  


Could you please advise me what to do next? Thank you. If I paper file what do I include?  

Re filing a printed return...One of the print options is to print the pages required to file.  


2 people used xxxxxxxxxxxx@hotmail.com for the 2015 tax return & can not locate Michael xxx taxes  

@lkishpaughYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I thought this was normal until I talked to someone who received his entire amount in his 2015 return. Did I do something wrong?  

It only offsets "income tax" liability to zero.  So if your income tax liability was reduced to zero, any additional credit will carry forward to the next year.  Its NOT refundable.You would need to view your actual tax forms to "follow the math" and see how the credit affected your situation.  


This week, I have been trying to track it since it is getting close to 12 weeks and it says that it is not in the system. I know that I am putting in all the correct information since I have been doing it without a problem for a couple of months now. I am not sure why and couldnt get ahold of anyone at the IRS. I am obviously nervous and not sure what it means or what I need to do. Any insight into what may be going on would be of great help. Thank you so much for your time!  

Actually, its only been 10 weeks.  The following may be helpful:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...  


I've submitted twice and had rejections twice  

Even after your sons amended return has been processed (it needs to be mailed in and takes 12 - 16 weeks for the IRS to process it) its not uncommon for the indicator to remain on the account and your return to be rejected.Solution:  Print your return and file it on paper.  


Can I file my business taxes on to my personal taxes if I'm the sole proprietor of my business.  

Yes you would use your personal tax return to file a Schedule C for your business income and expenses. You will need to upgrade to Home and Business to handle it.  


I'm using Turbo Tax Deluxe.  When prompted I entered my credit card information for filing my State Income Tax Return electronically.  My credit card was charged for electronic filing.  However when I instructed the program when prompted to file the state return electronically, Turbo Tax responded that it was unable to file electronically because the return included Form M15 and that I could only file by mail.  How do I get a refund of the your charge for electronic filing?  

You can request a refund for not being able to efile a state return from the CD/download product by contacting TurboTax directly. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Use the words billing issue when setting up the cal back rather than refund.  


i filed my taxes already and the IRS says that my return was deposited on may 4th  im assuming it was to my premier prepaid visa account through turbo tax , but i no longer have the physical card so how would i recieve a replacement card or have my return deposited to a different card that i do have or maybe sent as a check via the postal mail service  

The following is from the NetSpend website:Q: What do I do if my card is lost or stolen?A: You should immediately contact Customer Service via our toll-free number, 1-866-387-7363. Or, you can log in to the online Account Center to report your card lost or stolen. From the main menu, select My Account, My Prepaid Cards and then Report Card Lost/Stolen.  You will also be able to order a new card.----------------------------------------------------Q: Can I send money to another NetSpend account?A: You can easily transfer money to another NetSpend account online or via your mobile phone for free. Log in to learn more.  


I don't want to fill out my 2015 taxes just to access my older tax files.  

To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n 


Just a bit nervous as my identity was stolen last year and don't need another scam.  

TT cannot determine the status; only you can, by calling the IRS.  


I received a letter that states supporting documents were not included- W-2, Form 1040 and schedule C.  All were completed and filed with my return.  

Did you E-File your return or mail it in? If it was e-filed they dont want the computer version. If you mailed it in it is possible for them to be destroyed or lost in the mail.  


I just need these printed off today and there is no way to get it done from my screen. Can someone help my just pay to upgrade so I can print my last years return?!! PLEASE!!  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248543  


error with foreign address  

Could you check what you are doing?  When you enter a Form 1099-R into Turbotaxs form it doesnt ask for your address, just the payors address.  


I have lived in the same place for  years, always file my taxes, my return isn't that big. Confused why they are doing this, plus asking for all the extra information.  

See: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-4883C-LetterProbably someone else filed a tax return using you SSN and they want to find out if you are really you. 


I was just curious if anyone had spoken to an IRS agent after the 21 days with no refund? Also did you get any additional information? Currently I'm on day 24. It didn't say to contact them, but it still says "a refund date will be given when available." I was wondering if it would actually help to call?  

I have spoken to them a lot. (plus I know someone there). Most of the delays are from the forms 1095-A and 8962 most people didnt fill them out with the return. If you dont get a letter within the next week or so call the 800-829-1040 phone number. They are holding back a lot  of returns this year because of all the data breaches. and the people that notified the irs there business had a data breach.  


I am freelance Massage Therapist in Lausanne Switzerland. I've been living abroad since 2008.I don't understand why I'm not being asked to report my self-employed income. Though I made less than $100,800 in 2015 I thought that I was still required to report my earnings, expenses etc...  

Yes, as a US citizen you are required to report your world wide income irrespective of the source.Click on the Business tab and work through that interview.  Tom Young 


2015 does not show under my tax timeline  

You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


Tampa  

This is not the location for Security Q&A.  


I need to print my tax return  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer. 


I just need Turbotax to let me print the forms without adding the SSN/ITIN from my wife so that I can mail the forms together with the W-7?  

To print them, just ignore any error messages.  If you do that, they should print.  If not, please post back.  


Apparently, $135.00 was deducted from my return.  I didn't think the fees were that much?  

There is a fee for federal and a separate charge for state. And to have the fees deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Fee (39.99 in California).How to find your feesLog in to your returnClick on My Account at the top, then on ToolsClick on My FeesA window will pop up that shows the feesIf you can't get back into your return, To get all the options to show up under My Account you need to have your return open on the screen. Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.  


None of these so called irs tax line numbers give any info on ijs claims  

Injured Spouse claims are processed manually, so they take at least 11-14 weeks.  If you live near an IRS office, try going there in person.  


How can I verify if my routing and account number is correct? My banking information is the same as last year.  

To check whether you used refund processing, and whether you typed your bank account numbers correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page. If the IRS says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.  


I need 2013 and 2014 returns printed but it wont allow me to since I did not upgrade. I will upgrade now but it wants me to do that when I file my 2015. I already did my taxes somewhere else this year.  How can I get my older tax docs now?  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


There are no $ changes. A information form was not included with original submission.  Therefore there are no 1040X amount changes (all 0) so dont actually get into 1040X just add form to 0 effect 1040X.  

After you finish making the changes to your return, click Done at the bottom of the screen that says Do you need to change anything else? Proceed through the questions and you will come to a screen that says Why did you need to amend your return? The description that you enter on that screen will become the explanation on Form 1040X, page 2, Part III.  


download file  

How do I save my 2015 TurboTax Online return as a PDF?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3333012------------------------------------------How do I save my 2015 TurboTax Online return as a tax data file?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300420  


Can I do that through Turbo Tax? The IRS sent me a form.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128  


I guess I never had an account to log in here until today, but I've been using Turbo Tax for over 10 years and I'm desperate for a copy of my 2011 (fiscal year) return. Is there any hope?  

You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If, however, you used TT desktop, look for a .2011tax file on your computer.  


I'm trying to get the previous tax returns but I'm not finding them under the Timeline.  

You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


I went to the help info and followed the instructions twice and I still dont see the information added to the 1040 on line 46. I also dont see the form 8962 to print out. I have a feeling that something is not working with what we need. Can you please tell me a little bit more on how to get it? Thanks  

Are these the instructions youre using?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5463674 


Will this change my tax bracket? If I qualify for income based programs will this change based on my gambling winnings?  

Will this change my tax bracket?It might, depending upon the amount.If  qualify for income based programs will this change based on my gambling winnings?You must ask those programs that question. 


\n\nI do not believe that they will issue a W2 or anything else that show\nmy annual wage/retainer fees at the end of the year.   \n\n  

That sounds like self employment income.  If you are not an employee and they don't take taxes out of it then you don't get a W2.  You might get a 1099Misc but not from a foreign country.  You don't need to get an actual form to report self employment income.  You should be keeping your own records of your income and expenses.Add it as business income on schedule C.  Go to Business tab- then ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on Then..Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you haven't added a business yet you have to go though a lot of screens describing your business.  Or if you already added your business, you should see the Business Summary page that lists your businesses, (right below the list you can Add Another Business)Then click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last. Click Start or Update by Business IncomeThen Either by 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update buttonOr either by General Income for Business Income not reported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button 


Not much changed.  

The PDF that you initially selected for this year (2015) is only the forms for required filing.  as-if you were filing on paper.For prior year returns, the PDF that is saved after mid-October... now contains ALL the forms and calculation worksheets, and all those extra forms are not actually filed with your tax return, but they do provide critical backup information to see what you entered in a prior year, and can run many pages (mine runs ~120 pages in the PDF file)You can also print out (or save-to-PDF to save paper) the extended all forms and worksheets PDF file for 2015 too, but that is another selection on the Some things you can do  pick-list as the Download all forms and worksheets  selection.....see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...  


My refund will go to Turbo tax they take their fee then send the refund out. The IRS took 7 days to process and send the refund. Not it is going to be longer for turbo tax to take their fee and send out the rest then it did for IRS to process and send it?  

Maybe should try a different service in future if this is how it is? Turbo tax is a funny business. Tells you it is a 29.99 fee then when you check out your total due is like 62.99. They didnt mention all those fees at first until you are ready to pay. Go elsewhere next time save the trouble turbo tax gives.  Oh and  let me guess, expect refund from turbo tax in 4-6 weeks no way before 30 days?  


the letter includes a routing and account number  

As Lisa implied, your refund(s) does not go on the card until the IRS or State actually issues it.  


please tell me what I have to pay to do this, much appreciated as I need this for a court date I have.  

If you filed for free in 2014, you would have to pay now to unlock them.  (You could have downloaded the pdf last year for free.)  If you paid last year, your return should be unlocked until October 15 of this year.If the on screen purchase link is not working, the best solution will be to call customer support. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 


re: California sch ca(540NR) line 24 & Wisconsin form 1NPR income allocation worksheet line18.  Possible bug/improvement potentialCA follows the federal Military Family Tax Relief Act for distant overnight travel expenses of reservists (refer to pg 5 of form 540NR instructions (2013)).  Why does TurboTax Deluxe remove the expense for state tax purposes on line 24 of Sch CA(540NR) and put it back in as a misc exp on line 41 (so an override on line 24 is required)?  This raises the total CA income that is used by other states for tax credits.The WI form in Turbotax also requires an override when the expense is not offsetting WI-sourced income (I verified the necessity to do so via a call to the WI Dept of Revenue).  

TT/Calif would only make an entry in Sch CA(NR) line 24 column B (Subtractions) if there were federal reservist $$ but the Calif reservist $$ is less than that (= a subtraction adjustment). Look at the TT/Calif Form 2106 Adj Wks line 22 - it should match the federal amount on its version of the same worksheet. TT/Calif transfers the federal amount to that field so check to make sure you havent overridden the Calif field.And also be sure to enter the Calif amount in the Sched CA(NR) line 24 Column E.  


In December 2005 I bought my home for $273,000.  When I sold the home in 2015, the sale price was $200,000.  After paying off the loan and the realty, my net was about $4,000.  How are the proceeds treated?  

You cannot deduct a loss on the sale of your main home or a vacation home. 


We are a Trust that has to pay in multi states for 2016 and report on Form W-2.  We have Turbo Tax Home and Business 2015. 1.   Assuming we get the 2016 program can we generate multi-state W-2s for one employer.2.  Ho many W-2s can be generated in TT each year?3.  Can we download payroll information from QuickBooks into TT?  4.  Can we have multiple downloads of data for different employees?  

Tax returns for Trusts require TT Business (not Home and Business).https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/  


I am selling a property that has been used as a rental property for the last 3 years.  It was purchased in 2008 and has been used as a rental since 1/18/2012.  The original purchase price was 135,700.  The sales price of the house is 159,000.  The mortgage payoff is 125,000.  There is approx 9,000 in closing costs.  Can anyone provide assistance in how to calculate the estimated tax implications for both capital gains as well as recapturing of depreciation.  

The original purchase price should have been split between land (which is not depreciated) and building. So, for example, if $100,00 was assigned to building and depreciated, you have about $16,000 (100,000/27.5 x 4.4 yrs) of depreciation recapture which will be taxed at your marginal tax rate (but no more than 25%). The rest will be taxed at  the capital gain rate of either 15% or 0% (or some at each). Long Term capital gain = 159,000-9,000-135,700 = $14,300. Mortgage payoff is not relevant.Try this tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/ Enter the depreciation recapture amount as miscellaneous income*. *If you have capital losses from other investments, or a capital loss carry over, they can be used to reduce depreciation recapture, so taxcaster may not give you an accurate number, without a workaround.  


I don't see it in the download of all my taxes.  

TT does not have copies of your W-2 forms, just the info you entered from them. You must get them from your employer.  


Was my electronic payment sent from turbo tax to the state of Idaho.  

Im not sure what you did but Turbotax doesnt pay your taxes, either federal or state.  It can set up a direct debit so the funds will be charged to your checking account by the tax agency, or it can set up an approved credit card charge through the IRSs third party payment processor.Have your taxes been charged to your account in any way?  


I've been using TT since 2003 - this is extremely disappointing. Is there a workaround rather than being ripped-off??  

1099MISC (self employment income) needs Deluxe at a minimum to be reported  properly, this includes a Schedule C-EZ which only allows certain types of minimal expenses.  If you need the full Schedule C (which it sounds like you do), you need to upgrade to Home & Business.  


I don't need to amend or anything I just cannot find saved version.  Also your website makes me change my password every time even though I know what I am putting in is correct which is frustrating  

Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n\n\n  


TurboTax used the direct pay bank account number from last year, even though I changed it this year.  

If there really was a bug, and you did change the account number and turbotax did not accept the change, you might have a case for the accuracy guarantee to cover the fee.  But it might be hard to prove that you tried to change the number.  See here to submit a claim,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050  


I need my customer identification number  

Duplicate question.  


I asked for monthly payments to the IRS, and sent my first check on Apr 14th when I filed. I haven't heard from them, and I don't want to be late.  

It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin)approving or denying the application, you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf  


I filed my taxes with you on March 22nd, 2016 and when I log in, there is no history of my filing and the system has me starting a new return. I haven't received my state refund and am getting worried that it did not file. How do I resolve this?  

Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


I have already filed in April,2016. I just found this gambling winnings form in my suitcase. Do I call the IRS, or what?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


According to the email I last accessed this account on 1/27/13. I filed my taxes on Turbo Tax this year. Is this an old account someone has hacked?  

Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  Use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  Do this before you call customer service, so you dont end up on hold for something simple.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you are sure you dont have a second account, or if this is an old account you forgot about, you should call customer service.  Sometimes that email is sent when you (or someone else) opens an account with your SSN.  However, scammers have also been known to copy real security emails. Make sure you do not answer any personal questions by email, and dont put personal information into a web site unless the address is intuit.com and it shows a padlock icon that means the web site is verified by an outside security company.Customer support hours are given below. Use the phone number in the email that was sent. Or, use the secure form to get a phone number if you think the email might be phony. You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \n\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need this as soon as possible in order to send the information to the student loan department!  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


My Host said to save on taxes we should take a salary and also take a distribution. I am 66, will that make any difference at my age?  

Not sure what a "host" is, but they are referring to an LLC that has elected to be treated as a Corporation, not  a single member disregarded entity (filing as a sole proprietor) which is your current situation.You may wish to consult a tax professional to weight the advantages and disadvantages between the 2 different business types.  


My accepted date and expected dates used to show on ur calendar, now show invalid date nan. And nan on all the days on the calendar. ? Why is that?  

NaN = Not A NumberLike typing the letter O instead of the number zero.  


Anyone know of a accountant or company that does this? havent found anyone :(  

Turbotax does not offer that at this time.  I see the NY web site claiming it, but I dont see the IT-201X listed on their e-file web site.I suggest you prepare your amended return using Turbotax, then log into the NYS e-file and see if you really can e-file an amended return.  You can just copy the numbers off the printed Turbotax return.  If it doesnt work, cancel, log out and file by mail.Also note that certain complicated returns cant be e-filed for free on the NY site and are only offered through tax preparers, so depending on the complexity of your original, you may not be able to e-file the state return even if the system allows it for other taxpayers.  


I can't remember when my payment is due  

Look a the copy of the return you saved or printed for your records...the Form 9465 will show the details of the installment agreement request.It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If you'd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf  


I disposed of a rental property this year and unfortunately incurred a terminal loss. The online version of TurboTax Premier does not automatically zero-out the UCC and record on line 9948. Per Chapter 3 of Guide T4036,  In the year you dispose of your rental property, you can subtract this terminal loss from your rental income and, if the loss is more than your rental income, you can create a rental loss. Enter your terminal loss on line 9948, Terminal loss, of Form T776. Can someone please help?  

I think you are on the wrong website.  You are on the US TurboTax forum, but I think you are looking for the Canadian forum:https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


did not make copy of 2013 taxstatement  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


had more than 10k in forgion account ttax said i must report it but in trying toit says only need to report if over 50k so which is iti have been told i have to add the interest and also any tax paidthe download i can go to forms and put in sked B but online version i cant get to sked B to put it inI put it as 1099 int added int in box 1 and tax paid in box 6 and it still will not take me to sked bis there a min amount of interest and or forgin tax paid i need to put in to take me to sked B or if there a forms view in the online version to get to sked B?thank you  

If it is over $10,000, you need to file a separate reporting here:http://bsaefiling.fincen.treas.gov/NoRegFBARFiler.htmlIf it is over $50,000, you also need to include an additional form on your regular income tax return.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Comparison-of-Form-8938-and-FBAR-Requirements  


My 2015 return included an installment agreement request, and I made the first installment during the time of filing.  I havent heard anything from the IRS since the filing.  What about subsequent payments?  Should I wait until I hear from them or do something pro-actively?  

Logon to irs.gov and ask your question(s).  


I am in urgent need of my last two years W2s. Will turbo tax have it? I filed both years with turbo tax  

TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2  


I had to pay 290.00 extra for ins pre plus 2 mos penalty.  I plan on having the same income in 2016 and don't want to have to pay extra at the end of 2016.  I am trying to decide whether or not to take penalty and found info on healthcare.gov about basics.  BUT one thing they said was if you have any coverage in 2016 your penalty will be the premiums regardless of whether or not u use the coverage?  Does anyone have all the stats or know where I can find them for 2016?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5283152  


I got a mail from IRS saying that I may be liable for self-employment tax. This is from 1099-MISC income $40,200 which I got from commission refund of buying house which is a one time thing. How do I explain that I am not liable for self-employment tax.  

The\nIRS considers anything in box\n 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. Its up to you to prove to them it was anything else. Start by writing back to the IRS explaining the circumstances. Attach copies of any documentation you have (closing statement?).  


How long does it usually takes to receive the Turbo tax cards  

The NetSpend Premier Visa Card usually comes 7-10 days after filing.If you have not received it, you should phone NetSpend Customer Support to inquire.For questions or issues about your NetSpend Premier Visa Prepaid Card, including its activation, and fees, please call the toll-free NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.Are you sure your funds were released by the IRS and were deposited on May 4?  Is that what it says at this IRS website:http://www.irs.gov/RefundsThere could be an additional link in the chain.   The following may or may not apply to you.   If it doesnt apply, just ignore it.Did you have any TurboTax fees that you chose to pay out of the Federal refund (the refund processing service?)  If so, your refund will go first to an intermediary bank where the fees are subtracted.   Then that bank will send the rest to your card.   That is handled by SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group.)If you DID use that service, then once the IRS releases your refund, you can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com 


I filed my taxes on the 18th of April & I still haven't received them yet. I opted for direct deposit. Every time I check the IRS website, it says "processing" & the little bar went away too! As with the Turbo Tax track my refund tool; everytime I check it on there it says my expected refund date is between the 20th of April & the 11th of May...which is today btw. So where are my taxes? Haven't seen anything in my account yet, getting worried. I know a few people that filed theirs around the same time I did & they have their refunds already. & no I don't own anything.  

\n\nAs frustrating as it may be, only the IRS\ncan tell you why a refund is late, as they dont share that type information on\nindividual accounts with software providers. \nEven worse, as understaffed as they are, its very difficult to call them. Consequently, patience is\nusually the only practical course with the IRS.\n\n  


I have been trying to get through to the IRS every day since March, without any luck. The wait time is to long, and the call is disconnected. Please help me figure out where my tax refund went?Thank you!  

Did you have any TurboTax fees that you chose to pay out of your Federal refund?  If so, the following into will likely be helpful.  If you did not use that option, however, then the following will not apply to you.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


Without filling out my 2015 taxes online  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked 


What could be the problem and why haven't I heard from anyone since it's been so long?  

They are still processing it.  


I'm getting ready to report TurboTax as a scam. It was able to pull in my 2014 return info when I was filing my 2015 return this year, but since January I've been getting a 404 error when trying to download my 2014 return for my records because I don't want to use your overpriced scammy product anymore. This is a serious issue with you service and I find it impossible to believe that there are legitimate technical reasons for letting it continue on so long.  

Sign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


which turbo tax software do I use to calculate for 2016 taxes to be paid quarterly  

You can go through the section W-4 and Estimated Taxes to \nfigure your customized 1040-ES quarterly tax payments.    There is also a place in \nthat interview to enter what you have already paid for 2016 (if \napplicable), and it will let you include any expected income changes or\n any other changes you have for 2016..\nFederal Taxes tab (or Personal tab in Home and Business.)\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll way down to last category Other Tax Forms\n\nFind topic Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes and click Start or Update.\nIf you need to adjust withholding, go through the W-4 interview.\n\nIf you dont need the W-4 (withholding) interview, you can skip that part and go to the 2016 estimated taxes interview.\nYou may get a screen that says Review your Estimates for 2016 and asks Do you want to adjust your income or deductions.  Say YES, so you can get to the additional questions.\nYou will go through a lot of screens asking about expected income and deductions.\nFinally, you will come to a screen that says Enter Payments You Expect to Make.\n\nThere are some boxes there that say Enter estimated tax payments youve already made for 2016.  \nNext screen will ask which method to use to calculate your 2016 estimated payments.\nNext screen will ask if you want to print vouchers.\n 


DETAILS_LONG  

REPLY 


Hi.  I currently live outside of the U.S. in Chile.  I am considered self-employed as an independent contractor through a company in South Korea, but I know I normally still pay federal taxes in the U.S.  I was told I need to fill in Schedule C 1040 and 1098E.  How do I get help with that from Turbo Tax.  Also, when filling out my info, how do I know the companys EIN if they are international?  

You probably need to file a 1040NR  Non Resident return if you lived all of 2015 in Chile. Answer the residency questions up front, the software will help you along the way.  On the Schedule C self employment you can fill in as much information as possible about the company that pays you. If they advised you to file taxes, is surprising that you did not get an income form from them. If they dont have an EIN number is ok. If the software does not let you efile, you can always paper file. The 1098E is a form for student loan interest form. If you got that form it is filed on 1040 Page1.  


My parents went ahead and claimed me as dependent. Now thats going to cost me an extra 2k that I in no way can afford, nor should have to pay. I am 22 years old, and I live in their house. I pay rent (way more than I should for a very small bedroom), have not added at all to their grocery bill, take cold showers, and my rent more than pays for any electricity that I use. I am NOT a full time student, or a student at all for two years now. My parents do not let me even use the washer and dryer. I very much so would like to claim myself as independent. I am over 19. Not a student, and if they pay for anything for me it is less than 5%, which I doubt cause I pay about $400 in rent every month. Is there anything I can do about this? My taxes are getting rejected because I try to claim myself. I tried to talk to my parents about it and they will not hear it. They said it was my problem. Theyre costing me an extra 2k because of this, there has to be something I can do to fight it.  

Print and file your own return by mail. The IRS will investigate.   And show your parents this:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p501/ar02.html#en_US_2015_publink1000220868  


I have gambling winnings from Louisiana and live in Texas.  I want to file the Louisiana return now and wait to file the federal until later.  I filed an extension on the federal, but not on the state.  

Yes but you will have to print and mail the state return.  You can only efile state if the federal was efiled and accepted first.  


I have the data from the old computer, but need to re-download TT2013 on my new computer, as well as purchase TT2014 and 2015, plus Quicken.  

If you purchased downloads directly from Turbotax, they are still in your account, you can log in and download them again.For 2014 you will again need to buy the 2014 program as a download.  Each year can only do its own return.For 2015 you can either use Turbotax online or buy a download.  For most people, the Deluxe download is the best value, unless you qualify to file online for free. 


can you call me to walk me through downloading this?  

To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\nIf your download is not listed here please contact us via phone. Phone support is open from 8 am to 5 pm PST M-F.  


I'd prefer to not send my W-2's...can you provide NY stat with their requested info?  

TT transmits the W-2 data that you keyed into the program.Most likely, NYS  wants copies of the actual paper W-2 forms (send them Copy 2) to verify the amount of state taxes withheld, since it may not have received that from the employer yet.  


I need it for CASPA purposes.  

Sign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 


I cashed in an investment fund to purchase some property.  I had to report the capital gain on the investment that I cashed in.  Can I claim the reinvestment in the property as an offset?  If so, where or how?  

No, you cannot.  In the case of the sale of stock or mutual funds from a taxable account, it does not matter what you do with the proceeds.  


Should I be refunded?  

There is no charge for direct deposit. Are you thinking of the charge to have your TT fees deducted from your Federal refund? 


I have the .TAX2014 file but no way to load or print it without installing TT 2014 again.  I have TT going back for over 25 years but I am missing the 2014 program  

To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\n 


how to I get the website to un-glitch?  

NEW UPDATEIt wont let you select None of the Above when adding a dependent,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


I have student loans and can't find where to enter my student loan interest.  

To enter your student loan interest:         Go to Federal Taxes (Personal taxes in TT H&B)         Find the Deductions and Credits tab         Choose Ill choose what I work on         Scroll Down to the Education section and click Start next to Student Loan Interest Paid (Form 1098-E)         Proceed through the interview to enter your 1098-E.  


I need to know what exactly to print and where to send it to  

Reject code R0000-198 tells you that you cannot e-file your tax return. You have to print the return and file it by mail. The IRS, not TurboTax, determined that you cannot e-file. There is nothing you can do about it except to file by mail. The following FAQ gives instructions for changing to filing by mail. When you print the return there will be a page of filing instructions that gives you the address to mail it to and tells you what, if anything, you have to send in addition to the tax return itself. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3401713 See the following link on the IRS web site for more information about reject code R0000-198. No one at TurboTax has any information about why you got this reject code.https://www.irs.gov/Tax-Professionals/e-File-Providers-&-Partners/Modernized-eFile-Business-Rule-BR-...  


I was deployed to Afghanistan in 2012, and filed from there. I paid to file with them during that year and now I need to upgrade to access documents that are rightfully mine so I can settle an audit?  This seems bogus and greedy.  I don't seem to have any other way to access that return!  

Hi alexander.c.lamb:  First, let me thank you for your service to our country.  Seriously.  You are appreciated.Now, to your question.  TurboTax has started a new, ongoing subscription thing that allows users access to prior years returns only if they keep use TT currently (or make a minimal payment for some TT paid product).  Ill attach more information below from a TurboTax FAQ, but the bottom line is this:  If you use the Free Edition, ongoing access to prior years returns is not an included feature.  Likewise, if you dont use TT at all, access is now available only by making the purchase mentioned before.  Heres the FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5459364Im also going to give you info to assist you in contacting TurboTax Customer Support, if youd like to phone them during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Sorry I cant help.  Im not happy with this policy, either, but Im a user just like you.  Blessings to you.  


My wife's business income dropped substantially when we moved to NJ. The vast majority of it should not be taxed by NJ, but I have no idea how to declare that...  

Be sure you are filing a part year resident return in NJ.  


I need the gross adjusted income amount for a dependent on my 1040a for 2015  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


why so much to file  

Only the Free Edition is free for federal only.  State is a separate extra charge in all online versions.  You can see the prices here,  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/OR There is also The Turbo Tax Freedom website which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you have to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/When you get to Tax Freedom use the link to "I Qualify, Start Now" at the bottom instead of the sign in link. And you have to create a new account, if you use the same account info it will take you back to Turbo Tax.How to switch to the Tax Freedom editionhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3491786  


I have made quite a bit less money so far this year 2016 compared to 2015 at this same time.   Can I adjust my June estimated taxes? The rest of the year isn't looking too good either.  I most likely will be making about $15,000-$20,000 less than 2015.  

Yes.  You can do the estimated payments over or just cross out the amount and write a new amount in.You can go though that section again.  You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button If you can't get back into your return, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.  


I have an income from a Trust fund in CA and understand that will be dealt with differently later on, even though it is a rental.  

You will receive a different type of reporting form, a K-1, from the trust.  The rental income section is not something you will need.  You will have to upgrade from the free version to use that since it is not supported on  a 1040A  


I have to continue changing my password to get in. Could you tell me what my username is? I can't find it in my account.  

For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password  


I paid for Turbotax home and business from \nAmazon.com before April 15, to help a friend file his return. The return was ready to file, but I am asked to pay for the program each time I try to submit it. How can I proceed with the filing? (Fortunately he had a NOL, and I filed an extension, but we still need to file. Help!)  

I dont know why youre being charged, but two potential reasons come to mind:\nWhile you have a desktop version you accidentally went to the on-line version (which only completes one return per account) and attempted to prepare the return from there (Its been accidentally done before).\nThe desktop Home and Business includes returns for one state.  You tried to prepare a return for a second state.\n  


I had to use this money to save my home. Is there some what to get around this? I was charged 20% tax for the withdrawal and now an additional 10%!? HELP!  

The amount withheld from your distribution was only an estimate, just like withholding from your paycheck. The exact amount of tax is not known until you prepare your tax return, because it depends on how much other income you have. The distribution is added to your other income and taxed at whatever your marginal rate is, and the early withdrawal penalty is added, if appropriate. The total amount of added tax may be more or less than what was withheld. You get full credit for the tax that was withheld at the time of withdrawal. You aren't being taxed again, just once accurately.  


Do i refile?  

Are you in the same user name that you used for your tax return?\nAfter you have filed your 2015 tax return you can find the FAFSA sheet listed on your Tax Timeline.  To access this, you will do the following: \n\nLog in to your TurboTax Online account\nClick on Taxes  (at the top of the page)\nChoose My Tax Timeline\nOnce you are in your Tax Timeline you will see several options listed under your 2015 tax return, locate view tax data for FAFSA\nClick to open, and choose that you are the parent.  \n\nIf you want to print the page, you will need to print screen, or take a screenshot and print that. \n  


I file online for online return I used turbo tax?  

Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040  


Social security railroad retirement :  Shown on return !1,044  irs corrected $8,387line 27 $17,874  its  $25217Tax line 28  $2228   its  3330Total Tax line 39    $2228   its  $3,330Only have two sources of income.  AF retirement $28529 and Social Security $20,086  

If you cant point out their mistake to the IRS, they will go with their own numbers.  


I have a very small electrical contracting buisness....i dont do enough buisness to keep the company running so i will occassionally deposit peronal monies into my buisness acct, Do these deposits count as buisness income?  

They are not business income.  Transferring money from one of your accounts to another account, including from a personal account to a sole proprietorship business account is just that - a transfer - not income.  


I know that the custodial parent gets the head of household and the EIC.  Im just trying to get Turbotax to show the child as a dependent and reflect the Child Tax Credit.  Will it not reflect it online?  Will it have to be manually adjusted when they process it?  I can find no questions where I can say that I have a 8332 to override and give me the dependency for my child.  

That form will have to be mailed in. They need an original signature on it. Keep a copy for yourself.  


Im using accrual method, so i last month rent is counted as Unearned Rent liability, but TurboTax business is constantly screaming thatAdvance rent is income when you receive it andAccording to tax law, unearned income such as rent received in advance is taxable in the year its receivedSo that made me double guess myself, is it only in cases of Cash Method? Or in my Accrual Method as well?  

I think it applies to Accrual Method as well.Advance rent.\n                       Advance rent is any amount you receive before the\n period that it covers. Include advance rent in your rental income\n               in the year you receive it regardless of the period \ncovered or the method of accounting you use.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p527/ch01.html#en_US_2015_publink1000218964https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/1.61-8  


I can't find my2015 year tax return and return is wrong  

Use this tool to look up any user names that you might have under your email address https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you used the same user name to do someone elses return it would override your original information. You can get a transcript of your return from the IRS if you did not save a copy. https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptIf the IRS changed your information and reduced your refund they will send you a letter with an explanation within the next few weeks. 


It has been over 2 months and it says it is accepted.  

The Idaho State Tax Commission has announced it will take up to 7 weeks to process e-filed refunds; 1011 weeks for paper-filed returns.http://tax.idaho.gov/i-1187.cfm  


Next year's tax return:  I have my three kids living with me full time but starting this year, I will have my girlfriend's daughter with and her.  My gf collects social security and will not be filing a return.  Last year's income was $21k and I got the full refund available with EIC. How will this work?  Can I claim my 3 as a full time parent and 1 as head of household.  Am I able to claim my gf as well under head of household?  

Any of your own three children will qualify you to file as Head of Household, but your gf and her child will not (as they are not related to you).  In addition, gf and her child must live with you the entire year in order for you to claim them as dependents.  However, you cannot get EIC for them.  As an aside, the fact that you are supporting your gf and her child could affect her food stamps and Supplemental Security Income. 


How do I reload my 2014 state tax programs I lost when my hard drive crashed?  

Youll probably need to just contact TurboTax Customer Support so they can shoot a download to your account.  To contact them by phone, use the info below during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed tax returns along with w7 and submitted in local IRS office on six weeks before. I couldnt able to track my ITIN status online.its saying information not found.same case with its help line number as well. What should i do. please suggest  

If the local office mailed in your returns with your application add about a week on to the ITIN unit receiving it.because it was sent during the rush time it will take about 8-12 weeks for the applications to be processed.Your tax returns will not show up online until the ITINs are actually assigned or rejected. Once you receive the letters showing the numbers or a rejection letter allow 6-8 weeks for them to process the tax return.You stated you filed returns How many? 


I need the original electronic MI return to be mailed to irs ASAP  

Please contact TT Support for assistance. And be sure to indicate Michigan state return, not IRS.How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific.\n  


Does 403b contribution increase MAGI over AGI by amount of contribution?  

Are you asking about health care MAGI?  http://laborcenter.berkeley.edu/pdf/2013/MAGI_summary13.pdfNo . Both your AGI and MAGi exclude retirement plan contributions that lower taxable income.  


The website says I should have access to this return since I paid for the Deluxe upgrade. When I click the instructions for how to upgrade (not that I need to), none of the links are provided to me to even do the upgrade. I need these documents IMMEDIATELY. Yesterday I was alerted of a 24 hour system outage, but still no luck in retrieving what I need.  

Heres one last thing to try before phoning TurboTax Support.   Ill give you the directions to phone them below.You said none of the buttons or links show on my account to do an upgrade.   Even if you used the Deluxe Edition there should still be an Upgrade link (because there are higher versions than Deluxe that some people want.)Are you opening your return to look for the Upgrade link?   If you dont open the return back up, there will not be an upgrade link.   Heres how to open your return back up:\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nClick Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open).\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you can tell what version you are using by looking at the TurboTax logo in the upper left corner.   Does it show you indeed used the Deluxe Edition when you look at the logo?\nThere should also be an Upgrade link at the top middle, but you wont need to use it if you have already paid for a 2015 online product.NOTE:  Do NOT make any changes in your return entries while it is open.   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.If you indeed used a paid online edition for 2015 in the same account as the 2014 returns, then that should have unlocked them automatically.   I dont know why it didnt.   Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support so they can look at the situation and figure out what is going on.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


The ESOP was from a job I had almost 20 years ago. I left the job after I was fully vested and when the company was sold I received a partial distribution which I rolled over into another retirement account. The company then declared bankruptcy and I lost track of the remaining funds. I just found them in California's unclaimed property fund and I claimed them. I know it will affect my tax situation next year, but I also know that there is usually a 10% penalty on ESOP funds withdrawn early but I can't seem to get any confirmation on whether this still applies to these funds or if the penalty was somehow paid when the company went bankrupt.  

ESTIMATED TAXESIts perfectly OK to owe the government a lot of money when your \ntax return is due. What you really want to do is to avoid being \nunderpaid, (a piece of jargon that has a specific tax meaning), and \nincurring penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of        a)90% of the tax for the current year, or        \n b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last \nyears return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then \nchange that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you have a job and can\n make your withholdings paid in 2016 amount to 100%/110% of last years \ntax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You \nmight still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you \nwont be assessed penalties.  (Tax liability doesnt mean the check \nyou write to the IRS when you send in your income tax return.  For most \npeople their tax liability is the amount shown on line 63 of Form \n1040.)If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont\n want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck then estimated \ntaxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, \nSeptember 15 and January 15th of next year). If you want to you \ncan go back to the TurboTax program and work through the Form W-4 and \nestimated taxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In \nthis interview youll enter all your best estimates for your 2016 \nincome, deductions, exemptions, withholding, etc., etc. to see if you in\n fact need to send in estimated taxes.  This portion of the TurboTax \ninterview also prepares the Form 1040ESs, if needed.EARLY DISTRIBUTION PENALTYI wouldnt think that the company going through bankruptcy would in any way affect an early distribution penalty since thats imposed on the recipient of the funds.  As a practical matter youre not going to receive a 1099-R from the state of California for the distribution so the nature of the money, it seems to me, is going to be unknown.  I assume the trustee/administrator of the ESOP escheated the money to the state.  If they are still around you might try contacting them to see if the can shed any light as to what went on here.  Tom Young  


MAY I FILE FOR TAX YEAR 2002?  

Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspNote that Turbotax for 2002 is no longer available. Further, there is a time limit to file a return to get a refund, that time limit is 3 years from the original due date of the return. The time limit to file a 2002 return to get a refund expired in 2006.You can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return.  


Can I get a refund?  

processing of your state refund is in the hands of your State. TurboTAX has nothing to do with how long it might have taken.  


i checked the irs website they said they made a direct deposit to my bank account in may 4th, but they didnt , and when i filled my tax i choose the visa card option, where is my tax return???  

If you had your Turbotax fees taken out of your refund the money first goes to an intermediary bank for Santa Barbara tax services. You can check their website   SBTPG   at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/You can also call the number on the card that is receiving the payment to see if they got the transfer. 


Before this my refund was $3327, and now it shows a balance due of $1500 something. Do I still get the remaining sum?  

Yes, you are required to file an amended return by mail.  Also, when you amend a return, the refund meter on Turbotax resets to zero, so the balance due is actually showing the difference between your original refund and your revised refund.  You can check this by looking at the details on Form 1040X.  If you have already received your refund, or you get your refund before this is processed, you will have to write a check to the IRS for the amount due.  If your original return has not been processed (and it is advisable to wait until it is processed), your refund will be the net amount.  


that replaced my expected delivery date..what does that mean?  

The IRS website is the best source for status.  


Just need the link to download the mac version of turbo tax 2014  

You will need to phone TurboTax Support and ask them to place the 2014 software in your account to download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


for whatever reason I am unable to get my return on a NetSpend card.  everytime I select that option I'm denied. the only other option that is available is direct deposit but I don't have an active bank account. how do I make it to where I just receive a printed check in the mail like in the past  

If you did choose that refund processing option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your \nFederal refund and want to remove it, you can do so prior to filing and \nthen pay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or \nprepaid debit card.   Heres how, depending on your location:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceIn California the refund processing option is bundled with Premium Services.  Heres how to remove it if you are in that state.California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee  


I did my taxes on time but I only received my federal tax not my state tax I'm not sure what to do about this  

The Federal refund and the State refund come from two different tax agencies, so they are unlikely to come at the same time.  Either one can be delayed.For some states, it can take several weeks to get a state refund.  Some states are taking a long time to process returns this year due \nto increased security measures and fraud detection techniques.If you efiled the state return, first double-check that it was efiled successfully and accepted.  Use this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen\n in the FAQ below, click on your state to get info on how to track your \nstate refund and how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.   \nThere is also a link in the FAQ about particular states with known delays this \nyear.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


I received my federal refund through e filing and direct deposits about 2 weeks after filing and this is the 4th week since i filed and still no sign of my state return  

Some states are taking a long time to process returns this year due to increased security measures and fraud detection techniques.If you efiled the state return, first double-check that it was efiled successfully and accepted.  Use this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen in the FAQ below, click on your state to get info on how to track your state refund and how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.   There is also a link in the FAQ about states with known delays this year.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


1/13 - Taxes accepted by IRS2/8   -  IRS sent letter req ID Verification due to recent move (new address)2/13 - Successfully completed ID Verification over the phone with IRS Rep and was told refund would be received 45 days (9 weeks) from this day.4/14 - Contacted IRS to advise that refund had still not been received. IRS Rep said refund should have been sent out, but was never sent. Rep sent refund inquiry to refund release dept and advised me I would receive contact within 30days from the this day.5/10 - Still have not received refund, still have not heard ANYTHING from IRS. Website still shows being processed. Contacted local Tax Advocate regarding delayed refund causing hardship.5/11 - Tax Advocate responded via phone and advised she contacted the IRS. Is now requesting copy of W2 and last paystub from employer.Why hasn't the IRS ever mentioned to me at any time during all of my contact with them about the need for a copy of my W2 and a pay stub? For almost 5 months now, they have been sitting on my refund and it took me to reach out to a Tax Advocate about the delay for them to now tell me to fax my W2 and a paystub. Why? I could have sent that stuff to them months ago! What are laws regarding that? Does the IRS have a certain amount of time to request info before releasing a refund?  

Because of budget cuts, the IRS is severely understaffed, and anything that adds manual processing time on a return can slow processing down tremendously.  And to answer your question directly, the IRS can refuse to issue a refund at all, so they are under no legal obligation to provide you with your refund by a certain time.  Obviously, you have recourse, and contacting the Tax Advocate makes sense as a first step.One other thing - according to your timeline, the 30 days period indicated in your last contact with the IRS was not yet up by the time you contacted the Advocate.  


As of May 4th it had been 21 days since the IRS had received my Tax File. I am just wondering why I dont have my refund yet.  

If the IRS website shows your return is still being processed, and its been longer than 21 days, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the cause of the delay, which can be for any number of reasons.  They may need additional documents, sometimes ID verification, etc.  Sometimes there are healthcare reporting issues, returns pulled at random for closer inspection, or some examined for certain credits that might be claimed.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.  


I amended my 2015 return and it states my documents will be generated but i cannot locate them. Help!  

Try this:\nLog in and in your 2015 Tax Timeline, under Some things you can do click on Amend (change) return to get your return to open back up.\n\nIf you have already completed the changes, you should be able to skip to the FILE tab to print and mail the amended return.\nIf the above method didnt work, heres an alternate way to print while the return is open:\nClick on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose Print Center.\n\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.   There should be a\n choice for a PDF as filed, or one with all forms and worksheets.  See \nif one of those PDFs has the 1040X and the changed forms you need.\n  


Turbo Tax says that our Federal and State returns have been rejected but the Department of the Treasury has already deducted the Federal amount from our credit card. What  

Theres a known printing issue for a file that was initially rejected.....but later accepted......and a printing work-around posted here...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993  


I have this return ready, consist os federal and 2 states NY & CT. I can't not file it. Any sugestions  

Your software is apparently not updated. TurboTax no longer supports 2011 so there is no way to get updates. You may have to download the forms from the IRS and state to complete the tax returns by hand.  


How can I print my 1040 without paying.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I have audit defense, received letter from IRS for years, 2013 and 2014, how do  I contact audit defense?  

You should have received your Audit Defense membership kit in an email from AuditDefenseCertificate@taxaudit.com for each tax year you purchased Audit Defense.Contact TaxAudit.com at intuit.taxaudit.com/intuit, by e-mailing intuit.audit.sales@taxaudit.com, or by calling toll-free (877) 829-9695  


I had two charges pop up from Turbo Tax, multiple weeks after receiving my return  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  Monday - Friday, 8-5 PacificORIf it was a credit card statement, calling the phone number that shows up next to the charge on your credit card statement may even be quicker.  


I actually clicked on amend return, but did not finalize, after I noticed that TT was not allowing me to go back and edit my original return. I tried to do what DominGA suggested (& thx for the post!), but it now directs me to the amended return I had started. Am I now forever boxed out of editing my error on the original return and then printing and filing?  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes  


we send back payment for for the amendment  

Since the amendment will take several months to process, you must mail your own return.  


How do I separate what I earned in California from what I earned in Guam?  

This TurboTax FAQ may help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2895983-how-do-i-allocate-split-income-for-a-part-year-state-retur...  


Filed with GA and they state they do not have a record of the submission that was conducted on Mar 2015. TurboTax says it was accepted per the website. Is there something I am missing besides not being a Florida resident anymore?  

It sounds like you are missing the ACCEPTED message from the State of GA.  


{Exactly} which individuals are Eligible to start a Corporation?  

Your questions are beyond the scope of this Turbotax income tax software users forum. Please see a local professional.  


post it  

Turbo Tax has many\ndifferent numbers to ensure you get connected to the TurboTax expert who is\nbest suited for your particular question.\n\nIf you need help from a\nTurboTax expert, https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/,\nask your question, and click Submit. On the next page, choose\nthe Call option and\nfollow the instructions.\n\nYoull then get a toll-free\nnumber to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular\nquestion.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGo to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n>> Choose the product platform you are\nusing.\n>> \nAsk a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.\n>> \nOn next page, skip the suggested articles if they dont help.\n>> \nScroll down, and you should be able to enter the Support module to get a\nphone number during business hours which are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific \n\nNo number will display when\nSupport is closed.  


I know where to get it, but I get an "Oops" Page when I try to access my return.  

\n  \n\n\nThis error occurs when attempting to save or print a tax return. Heres a sample message:\nAn error was encountered while printing your return. This situation hasnt affected the data on your tax return. (4)\nError 4 is a generic error message with a multitude of different causes.Possible SolutionsBecause there is no one single cause for this error, try the following until the issue is resolved.\n\nIn some cases, disabling virus-detection software resolves the problem.\nYou can also try using the Save As (instead of Save) command on the TurboTax File menu to make a copy of the file, and then use the copy as your working tax file.\nSomething else that might work is running through the Final Review (located under the Wrap-Uptab) and making any corrections in your tax return.\n\nUninstall TurboTax, restart your computer, reinstall TurboTax, and then update.\nThese errors may also be caused by incomplete or unneeded forms in your tax return. Try removing them.\n\nIf the error persists despite following the instructions above, please contact us.\nSLN63864\n Answered by TurboTax FAQ to this question\n\n\n  \n\n  


I printed out my amended return and mailed it to the IRS about 2 months ago and still the IRS site says they have no record of it, even though they sent me a letter telling me I forgot to sign my amended return. ( I signed it and mailed it two months ago) and I still have yet to hear anything about it !! WHAT DO I DO NEXT? I haven't been able to speak with anyone from the IRS at all !! PLEASE HELP ME :(  

Amended returns can take months to process especially since yours got out of line in processing to take a trip back home to you for a signature.  Watch the Wheres my Amended return? tool for your progress (however it may never be acknowledged there ever as the system is not perfect). https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1\n  \n\n  \n\n  \n    If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was mailed back  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n  \n\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


PLEASE FIX THIS FLAW.  I AM UNABLE TO COMPLETE MY RETURN WITH THIS EXISTING ERROR.  

Click the Edit button in the Dependents section under Personal Info.  On the Who do you support  page that opens, select Another person...A drop-down box will appear, in which one of the choices will be Other.  


what do I need to be on his return to show that the interest he is paying is reported under my SS on the 1098 form.  

The answer to the OPs specific question is Yes. If your boyfriend itemizes deductions on his own return, and if the mortgage is a secured debt on a qualified home in which he has an ownership interest (his name is on the deed), then he can deduct all the mortgage interest that he actually pays.  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p936/ar02.html#en_US_2013_publink1000229890 If his name is not on the 1098 from the lender, he can (and should) attach an explanatory note - which can be done in TurboTax.\n\n\n  


Need to file Georgia 500NOL form  

duplicate post  


My federal return is a refund and three weeks is tomorrow and no sign of the refund in my account.  

The federal & state returns are processed independent of one another so what happened with the state doesnt have any bearing on the federal return ....The IRS can take\nas long as they want to process the return and there is nothing you can do\nabout it but wait patiently. They are processed individually these days so\nreturns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process together or in\nthe order they are received. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process\nin 21 days or less. However considering that the IRS processes more than 140\nmillion returns which means 14 million will be delayed for more than 21\ndays. There are no refund charts to refer to anymore so dont plan on\nyour refund being in your account on any certain date then you wont be\ndisappointed or overdrawn.  It is possible that you get a DD\ndate posted by the IRS and then a moment before the refund is released it\ngets put on hold while the IRS reviews the account which can delay it for\nmonths. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.  \n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the continued under\nstaffing situation and budget cuts the IRS had been subject to,  they\nare likely to be much longer again this year. \nIt\nhas been reported that some of  the delay\nthis year is due to the new anti fraud security screenings that were\nimplemented.\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/business/taxes/new-tax-fraud-safeguards-may-mean-delays-getting-refunds-n5038...\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/New-Security-Safeguards\n\n\n\nFirst -- verify that your return has been filed and\naccepted --  then check the fed web site to see where\nyou are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Iden  


My wife and I each had one W-2 and the amounts entered are correct.  We received a letter from the IRS saying we should not have entered any and now we owe.  

What almost certainly happened is that you entered the amounts on your W-2s correctly, but you entered both W-2s as if they were for the same person, instead of one for you and one for your wife. When you first start to enter a W-2 in a joint return, you have to indicate whose W-2 it is. The W-2 summary screen (Heres your W-2 info) shows which one of you each W-2 was entered for.You both had Social Security tax withheld from your pay. When you enter both W-2s as if they were for the same person, it makes it look like that person had too much Social Security tax withheld. The amount that appears to be excess Social Security tax goes on 1040 line 71. If you had entered each W-2 for the correct person, TurboTax would have seen that there was no excess Social Security tax, and it would not have put anything on line 71.  


HOW DO I GET A COPY OF MY 2008 AND 2009 TAX RETURN?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Before it would send electronically and I did not realize that did not happen this time until now.  

Resolved in comments above.  


we contributed cash to the businesstreat this and i do not know how to  

If you are not required to include a balance sheet there is no benefit in preparing one.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901493-can-i-skip-the-balance-sheet-section 


I am claiming small business expenses. I traded in my vehicle for another one during 2015. How do I add in that 2nd (new) auto? Also, how do I find the UCC value from 2014?  

No, it will not.  


I need my AGI for my student loan repayment plan.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


How do I file a schedule S using instead of schedule A using turbo tax?  

Are you positive that this letter is from the Federal IRS, not a state tax agency, and not a scam? This is due to retirement deductions on a married joint return.So the agency is telling you that you deducted the retirement plan contributions on Schedule A?  There isnt anywhere to do that in the program, unless you used Misc Itemized Deductions 


After filing our return we found out we do not need injured spouse. Am i able to have this removed by amending our return?  

Am i able to have this removed by amending our return?You could always call the IRS and request they do so but, as Injured Spouse is done is a separate IRS location, and considering their staffing setbacks, I doubt very much they could timely respond to the request.  In short, the likelihood of success probably isnt worth the effort.  


said that the SSA had told them that one of us had died, so that we still do not have our refund, IRS estimating 6 to 8 weeks from March?  

SSA had told them that one of us had died,Please call or visit your local Social Security office to get to the bottom of this.  


How do I access  my file?  

This is the USA forum.  Canada site is www.turbotax.ca 


turbo tax didn't file my tax return correctly.  How can I make sure this mistake is taken care of?  

That is a user error. When you enter income, you are specifically asked to whom it belongs.  


I want to download the software  

Each state tax component is an add-on the to Federal personal [or Business] product.  You must own the Federal product.  Assuming that you have it installed, or if you are using the online - there is no download - the task of adding a state component is part of the interview near the end after Federal review.  


I still havent received my federal refund. When I checked with IRS 2 months back, they informed me that my return has been selected for review. Im not able to talk to them after that. The call is always going to automated system saying Your tax return is still being processed.. Is there anything which I can do about it. How can I get to know the actual status of my return and why it is still being held?  

You just have to sit tight and wait.  The IRS is woefully understaffed.  


I work for a non profit.  At times we don't have enough money to cover my travel expenses and I pay for them on my own (I'm committed to what we do).  Can I deduct these costs on my taxes?  

You can deduct those costs as an employee business expense so long as there is no reimbursement anticipated.  


Both state and its taxes have not been deducted from my account. I don't know who to contact to follow up on both.  

Ok...you say that you DID arrange it at the NC website.IF......you look at the page at this link again....the paragraph just above the pay buttons at the bottom of the page ( Who can I contact for assistance? )  has the telephone number and hours to call NC Electronic Services staff...http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html 


Please answer. Was my return filed?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


Dans la rubrique ANNEXE D,  la section Crdit dimpt pour solidarit et Locataire ou sous-locataire. La question est :\nSi vous ou votre conjoint avez reu un relev 31 pour une habitation admissible dans laquelle vous viviez au 31 dcembre 2015, slectionnez la personne qui a reu le relev (cochez toutes les cases qui sappliquent  votre situation). Si vous et votre conjoint avez reu le relev tous les deux, il ne faut lentrer quune fois. Le choix de rponse et VOUS ou VOTRE CONJOINT, mais je nai pas de conjoint, cest un sous-locataire et cest lui qui a le relev 31.\n  

Turbo Tax very clearly states that it guarantees 100% correctness on calculations.  So if there calculations were incorrect,  you can file a claim with them and,, if verified, they are responsible for any intereset/penalties  due to their miscalculations.  However, their calcs are based only upon your input and more probably than not, that is where the problem is  


Both are education.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2860415-i-m-paying-to-get-my-private-pilot-s-license-certificate-o...http://www.aopa.org/training-and-safety/pic-archive/aircraft-ownership/business-justification-flight...  


I didn't use turbo tax this year  

If you used the 2014 TurboTax online Free edition and did not pay for either the Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business edition for 2014, then follow this procedure - You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


Filed in February,got state back but it's still saying "processing" on Federal Return...why is it taking so long on federal  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


IF you don't cancel this, we get to go to court!  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I filed my taxes 2 weeks ago! I opted for the NetSpend card and still havent received it and my money! Apparently my taxes were applied to the card but I don't have the card yet to activate it and because of that, the money was sent back to you all. Now, I get an email saying my money is on hold. I have been waiting for this money and it's ridiculous that I haven't gotten it yet! I want my 34.99 back! You already took 54.99 for the program which I'm ok with that but you scammed us all on the 34.99. I barely got 275.00 and you all took 100 from me. All I'm getting is a measley 185.00. I want my money off hold! And I need it here today! This is ridiculous. Ive been going through you all for years and I've never had so many problems and have never been so angry. I need this money for groceries and gas for my car. How hard is it for me to get my  RIDICULOUS! Believe it or not, I worked hard for this money and to have you all take it from me and not send me what little I get back ... is ridiculous.  

This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


The home was seized and sold for unpaid taxes, but there was an overbid, and the overbid funds were returned to me (after the court got involved).  The amount is less than $30,000. Does this money need to be reported as income and taxed?  

If you get a 1099-S from that payment you will need to report it but your basis in the home is likely to be larger then the amount you received and you will not owe tax. You will not be able to take a loss either since it was your residence not an investment. 


i need to download it  

How did you prepare the return?If you prepared the return in desktop software (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF or the *.tax data file.   If you used that version, then search your computer for any file ending in *.tax and/or the PDF file.   If you prepared the return online, however, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2006.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online  


I am looking for the specific answer to My taxes, not the general answer what is a carryover.  Please help  

The 465(d) carryover means that last year your business had a loss and you checked that you were not at risk.If you truly were not at risk last year, then the carryover is probably correct.However, that doesnt apply to most people.  Most people are at risk, and that loss should have been allowed last year.  If that is the case, you should amend your tax return last year to correct things.See this link to see the few things that qualify for not at risk.  If those dont apply, you are at risk, and should amend last years tax return to correct it.https://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040sc/ch02.html#d0e1674  


Do i need to send the state form at the end too?  

each state has its own version of the equivalent of 1040x to make corrections on an already filed state tax return.  


THIS WEBSITE [profanity removed].  

You must first pay the TT fees with a debit, credit or prepaid card. You can then select to get a paper check in the File section  


I have not received my refund. Were my taxes submitted? I completed them on April17, 2016  

You mean 2015 taxes.You can check your efile status here anytime: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I dont have our refund return for 2015. State or Federal  

Have you confirmed that your tax return was accepted? https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspHave you checked the status of your refund on the IRS web site? www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.htmlCheck your state tax website for the status of your State refund.  


We filed her return to claim the refund. She had paid taxes on her income. Her total income (Wages+scholarships) are less than 6300. Since we forgot to add the taxable scholarships to the return, Should we amend the return now ?  

No you do not have to amend at this time. Once your tax return has been excepted or denied, at this time it gives you a chance to change information.  


We are no together and we both. Supported them equally why should he get the tax credit for them and my my owned property  

He cannot claim you or them unless you all lived with him all of 2015 (and meet other requirements).File your own return, claim the children, and submit your return by mail.  The IRS will sort it out  


I WANT TO REVEIW TAX RETURNS I FILED USING TURBO TAX IN PREVIOUS YEARS INCLUDING 2015 (FILED BY MAIL APRIL 3, 2016)  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Im about to accept a job as a nanny. They are going to pay me $2,000/month and leave it up to me on whether I claim it or not, which means they wont be providing a W-2 or anything. How do I go about claiming this income? How do I know how much to set aside for when I do taxes? Will they get in trouble if I file?  

Certainly you should be treated as an employee of this couple.http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2014/04/12/taxes-irs-nanny/7123399/Id expect that they also will not issue you a 1099-MISC, either.Youll report your income on Schedule C.  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sc.pdfYoull use your own records to report the appropriate amount on line 1 (Gross receipts or sales).  Any expenses you incur providing this service - minimal, Id think - will also go on Schedule C.  The bottom line of Schedule C on line 31 (Net profit or (loss) will then flow to line 12 of Form 1040 (Business income or (loss). Attach Schedule C or C-E).In addition to income taxes you will also be charged Self Employment Tax (Social Security and Medicare) at roughly a 15% rate.  However half of this tax will serve as a deduction on line 27 (Deductible part of self-employment tax) in determining your actual taxable income.You will need to use TurboTax Home and Business to prepare your 2016 income tax return if you use the online product as thats the only version that supports Schedule C.  All desktop versions include Schedule C.Because you will be receiving income against which there will be no tax withholding you might have to send in Estimated Taxes to the Treasury Department.  (The US income tax system is a pay as you go system and most people pay as they go by having taxes withheld from their paychecks.  People with significant income from which there is no withholding generally have to write checks and submit estimated tax payments to the Treasury.)  Estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly generally on 4/15, 6/15, 9/15 and 1/15 of the following year.  (The 4/15 date is not a problem for you since youve not yet earned any income from which taxes havent been withheld.)Assuming you used TurboTax for your 2015 income tax return you can use that program to see if you need to pay estimated taxes in 2016:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900956-can-turbotax-calculate-the-estimated-payments-for-next-yea...Tom Young  


I need to see a copy of the 2014 tax form that we filed  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I am filling out my fafsa. I need this years information from my taxes. Can I view 2015 taxes?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


What documentation should I dig out to send to the IRS to verify this?  

Yes, any distribution must be reported on a 1099-R.   You should be able to get a copy form the IRA custodian or it might be on their website if you have an online account.You probably should answer the IRS letter at the address on the letter and attach an amended 2014 tax return properly reporting the 1099-R to a copy of the letter rather than just explaining it. See this TurboTax FAQ for help with amending:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedEnter a 1099-R  here:Federal Taxes,Wages & IncomeIll choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement Plans & Social Security,IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R).OR Use the "Tools" menu  (if online version under My Account) and then "Search Topics" for "1099-R" which will take you to the same place.Be sure to choose which spouse the 1099-R is for if this is a joint tax return.Be sure to pick the correct 1099-R type:  Standard 1099-R, CSA-1099-R, CSF-1099-R, RRB-1099-R.One of the follow-up questions will ask about prior year Roth contributions and conversions.   Your own contributions will not be taxable.    TurboTax will automatically create the 8606 form to show the non-taxable basis that will be part of the amended return.   Be sure to attach a copy of the 1009-R.  


I moved to the Netherlands in May 2013. I work for the United Nations, and all of my income on my federal taxes is excluded under the foreign income exclusion. Previously, I lived in Illinois until March 2011. From March 2011-May 2012 I was out of the country all but 4 months while traveling. From June 2012-May 2013 I lived in Washington DC. During this final period, I believe I filed a 2012 IL state tax return in relation to some self-employment income. And for 2013, I filed an OH state tax return in relation to a couple of weeks employment there. I have no plans to return to the US. If I do, I have no idea where I will live. I still use my sister's address in IL as my permanent mailing address to receive US mail.Do I need to file IL state taxes? If so, will my foreign income also be excluded there? Thanks!!  

Another option, is do you have any relatives in a state that has no income tax?  Those would be Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. If so, since you have no idea where you would reside if you ever returned, I would recommend using one of those states as your permanent address if your family member is ok with that.Interesting to see the Netherlands on the forum.  I grew up in Wassenaar as a kid (K through 8th grade).  Great experience and memories and would love to go back someday.  


I need to file an ammendment for about $4000 worth of deductions.  The software is telling me that it won't decrease my taxable income or increase my return.  This does not make sense to me.  

You get no tax benefit from itemized deductions until all of them together add up to be more than your standard deduction.2015 Standard DeductionTaxpayer under 65, not claimed as a dependent$6,300 for Single$12,600 for Married Filing Jointly, or Qualifying Widow(er) with dependent child$9,250 for Head of Household$6,300 for Married Filing SeparatelyFor over 65 or blind, add $1,250 for each instance or add$1,550 each instance if single and not a surviving spouse.Be aware that medical deductions are limited to the amount of deductions that exceed 10% (under 65) or 7.5% of your AGI, and most Miscellaneous Itemized deductions are limited to the amount that exceeds 2% of your AGI. 


I am not sure if this is a prank phone message.  

A phone call that the caller says is from the IRS is a scam.  The IRS does not initiate telephone calls or will email a taxpayer.  All correspondence with the IRS is through the US mail.  See this IRS website for telephone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/Phone-Scams-Continue-to-be-a-Serious-Threat,-Remain-on-IRS-Dirty-Do...  


On the K-12 for my multi-partner LLC, the amount list in at Self-Employment Earnings is greater than the actual personal income that I gained through the company.  The Guaranteed Payments line item matches what I earned.  Why are these different and which one do I list on my personal income tax return?  

You enter them both into TurboTax (as well as box 1 and any other boxes).In a Partnership (multi-member LLC), you are taxed on your share of  the Partnerships profit, not just what you actually receive.  In many cases, box 14 (which determines self-employment tax) will be the sum of box 1 (profit of the Partnership) and box 4 (Guaranteed Payment).  


I mean what exactly the meaning of CONCURRENT H1-B VISA  

This is the 10th question that you have asked, and we have already suggested that this forum is not the proper place for what appear to be homework questions.  


I purchased TT deluxe disks for 2012 and 2015, but they will not load on to my new PC, while 2010, 2011, 2013 & 2014 have loaded. Should I get new CDs for 2012 & 2015? Where can I obtain for free? If not what should I do?Also need free CDs of state SW for 2010-2015.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901571-minimum-system-requirements-for-turbotax-windows-softwareAny chance youre running low on memory?  


I cannot figure out how to take that quickbooks off and let me just go on with refund.  

This is what I was told by TurboTax in the past for these kinds of issues.Prior to purchase, the only way to detach the QBSE add-on is to clear and start over.Post-purchase, one has to request a cancellation of the QBSE add-on service by going to Customer Care at the QBSE website below:\n  https://selfemployed.intuit.com/loginIf you want to talk to TurboTax Support, heres how to get a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I was laid off of a job after living in our house for just over a year. (would qualify for unemployment insurance)We moved to another state to take a job, and listed our house for sale. It didnt sell, so we rented it out for a year, then re-listed it again. Again, it didnt sell, so we rented it out again, this time for 2 years. Now we are trying to sell it again.We reported a loss each year from rent-expenses-taxes-depreciationThe home has strongly appreciated.How do we deal with Capital Gains in this situation?  

you have multiple issues here -- (a) to be able to exclude $250,000 ( $500,000 Married  Fling Joint) of capital gain from the sale of your main home if you have owned it for 2 years  and have used it as your main residence for a total of 730 within the last five years ( from the date of closing the sale ) -- you would miss this because you used the property as your main home only for one year --even though you had move out because of job requirements; (b) even if you did qualify for the  two years plus 730 days , you still would have the problem of the look back period -- you are now on the third year after having moved out  { i.e. you have 365 days  applicable and need another 365 days usage within this next year }.  Therefore I would assume that when you sell this property , you would not be able to exclude any of the gain. Moreover, there will be depreciation recapture i.e. a portion of the gain will be treated as ordinary income. Just accept it and move on .   You can always delay the taxbite by doing a 1031 exchange ( for a rental property) but beside it costing upfront money to facilitate the  transaction,  you have no guarantee that the tax laws would not be changed so much that your position is significantly compromised --- it is a case of  being caught between  a rock and a hard-place. Been there, done that and I would say the decision of what to do rests with you and you alone.  


I accidentally claimed "self" instead of "dependent" on my tax form.  I amended the form but my parents are still unable to receive their return.  I'm not sure what else to do.  

Since your amended return must be mailed and takes several months to process, your parents must mail their own return.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked... 


State of CA is telling me that I did not file a 2012 state return. I located my return in turbotax , but when I print it, it has "preview only" across all the pages. Can I mail in this copy as proof that I filed? Or, if for some reason it was never filed, is there a way to do that through turbotax? My paperwork shows a refund due, but they are seizing money every chance they get because they are saying we owe them.  

If CA thinks you did not file , it doesnt matter if you think you did file.If you send forms with PREVIEW ONLY on them, CA may reject your paper return.Get blank 2012 forms from the CA website and transcribe your numbers.  


I need help with my account. Its blocked and the emails I get from turbotax to reset my account wont work.  

You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The page keeps saying "Start my 2015 taxes" but I already did. Now I need to tell the IRS what what was my Adjusted Gross Income but I can't see anything.  

Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


mistake in medical expenses. need to correct and make it right.  Also IRS calc. taxes via AMT.  We don't qualify but used the tax tables  

Use Form 1040X to add or correct information on an already filed tax return. The latest form includes the year 2013.  


TurboTax is not allowing me the receive Deductions and credits from my 1098s.  

Every return starts out with the standard deduction already accounted for. When you start adding the itemized deductions that you have, such as mortgage interest and property taxes nothing changes until you exceed the amount of your standard deduction.https://www.irs.com/articles/2015-federal-tax-rates-personal-exemptions-and-standard-deductions  


where can i download pdf. tax file summary  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filed my tax with you just like I did last year and CRA is saying they didn't receive it. When I log into my account, I am unable to see my tax history for 2015 or 2014 even though I have multiple screenshot of the process. this is completely unacceptable and now I would get a penalty.  

Is your question concerning a Canadian tax return?  If so, this is the TurboTax US AnsnwerXchange user forum.  You will need to go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


Also I will graduate from college next week. I had scholarship. I am 20. I guess my parents cant clam me anymore. I need help to fill the w4 for the new job. Last year I was told how to do it and then ended I owned federal and income tax. This is very confusing. Thank you.  

Are you married?  If not, your parents will still be able to claim you for 2016 unless you provide more than half of your own support for the year.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


Wisconsin wants more information.  They want "A complete copy of your2015 Minnesota income tax return(s)." and "A copy of the Nonresident Schedule or worksheetshowing income from Minnesota sourcesfiled with your Minnesota return(s)."  So tell me what I have to sent to Wisconsin out of the 50 or so pages that Turbotax printed out as my Minnesota return.  Or, can Turbotax send this information as it should have in the first place.  

Did you file your MN nonresident return first, and then your WI resident one?  Or did you move during 2015?Your MN return is not 50 pages:; most are probably just worksheets that are FYI.  


it says my birthdate is incorrect ... but it is correct ... what to do?  

Check with the Social Security Admin, as they may have something different in their records.  


Please help me switch this to the free filing for State and Federal.   Also how do I pay the Federal?   Can my mother pay it using her credit card?  I don't have a checking account or credit card.  

The TT free state offer ended back in March. Try here:www.taxfreedom.com  


Paid once by etc and once by check.  

You probably dont have to do anything. The IRS will detect the duplicate payment and send you a refund. Just wait a few weeks to let them take care of it.  


I'm trying to import info. from an Investment account and I do not want Turbo to save my username and password for this account for next year.  I click on the check box but it does not clear the check mark.  

another reason not to use the Online version. Use the CD /Download version running on your PC instead.  


If I have any contact email, I can send scan copy  

Calculation error can result from a posting error, so that the resulting tax calculation is wrong.The NYS letter should tell you what they changed, such as income.  Please call them if you do not understand what they did.  


When I signed up with Turbo Tax the message said I would receive my return in 21 days. My return is not out of the ordinary everything is correct.  

21 days is just an estimate,. Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  


I tried the manual update, but when i open it it doesnt recognize that i have Turbo Tax 2015 (it tells me to download it).the update bar shows that it is loading the update, but the progress bar freezes and then is unresponsive. I have tried restarting the computer, reinstalling the program, shutting off firewall and virus protection, emptying recycle bin, doing file cleanups all to no avail.   I tried the info in the comment below, but i dont know what Restart in Selective Startup in Windows to allow the updater program to run properly means. The picture below shows where it update has frozen, once again.  

Try this: Set TurboTax to run as an administrator:\nRight click on the TurboTax Desktop icon and click on Properties\nClick on the Compatibility tab.\nCheck mark the box to Run this program as an administrator\nClick Apply then OK\nRestart in Selective Startup in Windows to allow the updater program to run properly.  


All of the forms are directed at me, not my girlfriend. I didn't sign up for obamacare, why should the government bill me $2k more for it.  

When you say someone is a dependent, its not just a tax benefit for youyou are saying that you are financially responsible for them.  That can have consequences for the persons eligibility for public benefits, like food stamps (SNAP), welfare, section 8 housing, and so on. And now it has consequences for health insurance. 


i have an account in two different emails and i need to get a copy of my 2009 returns from one of them  

If you filed with Turbotax online, log into your account and check your timeline.  If you dont see your return, you are in the wrong account, see this to find your other accounts. https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery 


Since my company never required records from me I never kept any.  I am concerned that if I catch an audit I may be in trouble.  I get 95$ a day flat rate every day and I use this to pay for lodging, fuel and food.  I have been living out of hotels now for the last 6 years.  Should I start keeping receipts?  Should I be worried since I have never kept records in the 6 years since I started with them?  

I have been living out of hotels now for the last 6 years.I agree with Bill that a flat rate of $95 per day is likely fully taxable as it does not come under an accountable plan.  Even worse, if you are an itinerant worker, you may not have any deductible expenses.  As noted by the IRS If you do not have a regular or main place of business or post of duty \nand there is no place where you regularly live, you\n               are considered an itinerant (a transient) and your tax \nhome is wherever you work. As an itinerant, you cannot claim a travel\n               expense deduction because you are never considered to be \ntraveling away from home.Im assuming youre self-employed, not an employee.  If so, the perdiem should be reported as gross receipts from your business. 


Schedule 8812 will calculate each line properly until it hits the if/then qualifying statement at the end of Part II.Example for me:Line 3 is 11,000Line 6 is 5,125The qualifying statement reads:Next: Do you have 3 or more qualifying children?    NO - If line 6 is zero stop; you cannot take this credit.  Otherwise skip Part III and enter smaller number of line 3 or line 6 on line 13. (This is a false statement for me.) X  YES - If line 6 is equal to or more than line 3, skip Part III and enter the amount from line 3 on line 13.  Otherwise go to line 7.  (This statement is true.)However, the turbo tax did not skip Part III and follow the instructions of the qualifying statement.  It actually completed Part III and is trying to short me almost $6000 on my tax return.For me, line 3 (11,000) should be carried to line 13 and not line 6 or anything from Part III. (According to the above qualifying statement checked yes; Part III shouldn't even be calculated.) And then the 11,000 should be entered on line 67 not the 5125.  Additionally, there should be two more Schedule 8812's printed for my additional children (total of 11).  

Line 3 is 11,000Line 6 is 5,125In this situation, Line 6 is NOT equal to or more than Line 3, so you do NOT skip Part III.  


I purchased the audit defense for my 2014 taxes and received a proposed change from the IRS today. How do I get a hold of the service?  

See this FAQ:You should probably phone first, although you can set up an account at the Audit Defense website.  If you do email, do not send any sensitive info or documents since email is not a secure method of transmission.  They will tell you how to securely send/upload any documents they need.FAQ:  I bought MAX or Audit Defense and now Im being auditedhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4842227 


I need my log in info updated for year 2014...I cant get in  

You could even have multiple online accounts without realizing it.  Heres how to\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, passwords, etc.  You can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


Can you merge my accounts?  

Sorry but no, TurboTax cannot merge accounts.    Were you ever able to log into the old account to get last years return?  If not, then to\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I entered my withholding information separately from my wifes. The software added them together and then posted a credit of $2137. I think you should make this right.  

What almost certainly happened is that you entered the withholding amounts separately, but you entered both W-2s as if they were for the same person, instead of one for you and one for your wife. TurboTax added them together because you indicated that both W-2s were for the same person. When you first start to enter a W-2 in a joint return, you have to indicate whose W-2 it is. The W-2 summary screen (Heres your W-2 info) shows which one of you each W-2 was entered for. Since you are using the CD/download TurboTax software, you can also open each W-2 in forms mode and see whose name is at the top of each one.If a W-2 was entered for the wrong person, that is an entry error, not an error in TurboTax. 


I need my 2013 filing.  

Follow the instructions below for accessing prior years tax returns filed using TurboTax online:\n\nHow to get your 2015 tax return\nHow to get an older tax return\n 


I don't want random answers.  I would actually like to talk or chat with someone from turbo tax.   Is that possible?  

You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


already filed my federal return on time, my state is due may 15. turbotax wants to bundle my two returns but my federal has already been submitted and the refund sent  

Youll have to print and mail your state tax return.  For security reasons, state returns cannot be e-filed separately using TurboTax.  


I want a list of depreciation values for the past 5-10 years.  

What you want is what TurboTax calls the Asset Life History. Its not available in TurboTax Online. Its only available in forms mode in the CD or download TurboTax software.You can download your tax return data file (the .tax2015 file) from TurboTax Online to your computer and open it in the CD/download software. Go to the following link for instructions to switch from TurboTax Online to the CD or download TurboTax software. If you have already paid for TurboTax Online for 2015, call TurboTax customer service and see if they will give you a free download of the software, since you need it to get the Asset Life History report.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you have not paid for TurboTax Online for 2015, and buy the CD/download software instead, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and tax data files of any prior-year returns and save them on your computer before that date.Once you have your return open in the 2015 software, switch to forms mode. Open the Asset Entry Worksheet for the asset that you want the Asset Life History for. Scroll down to line 14 of the Asset Entry Worksheet and click the QuickZoom button on that line to open the Asset Life History.The Asset Life History does not appear in the forms list, and is not included in the PDF of the return. You can print it by opening the report and clicking the Print button at the bottom.  


It has been 17 days since my state refund was sent out. The state website says the shipping time should have been 5-7 business days.  

You will need to use the contact number at your state's website and ask them where your refund is. Once your state return is submitted and accepted, Turbotax has no other contact with your state tax agency.  


I went through and changed it from a combat zone to None and my taxes did not chenge.  Per TurboTax, my tax base is the same and all I was providd with from TT was an explanation box.  Do I need to file an amendment??  I really don't want to pay an amendment fee for an explanation.  HELP PLEASE.  IRS is wanting a reply soon.  

Respond in writing to the IRS explaining your error and that your tax return does not change in any case.There is no charge to submit a 1040X. However there is no point to submit a 1040X if your tax is not changing.  


Do you know how much interest they usually charge in situations like this? Do you ever take responsibility for your mistakes?  

You can Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I am 19 and single.  In Turbotax, I answered Yes, I had coverage all year and No, not through the Marketplace.  Line 11 of my 1040 EZ has the box checked for Full Year Coverage.  Why are they asking for these forms?  I do not have them.  What do I do?  

As epo39b said, first ask your parents if THEY had Marketplace insurance and received a 1095-A.  If they did, see these links:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...If parents did not have Marketplace insurance, call the Healthcare Marketplace and confirm with them that they do not have a 1095-A for you or your parents.  If they do have one, ask them to send another copy, then follow the links above.https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/If the Marketplace does not have a 1095-A for you, respond to the IRS letter indicating that you were not covered by Marketplace insurance at all in 2015, and that they must have incorrectly sent you that notice.  I would call the IRS about it AND respond to the notice in writing.  I would also include a copy of the 1095-B or 1095-C from your parents indicating that you were covered all year by non-Marketplace insurance. 


Is it possible to retrieve and download my old tax returns?  

If you filed using the desktop version (installed on your own computer) then Turbotax does not have a copy. You can get a transcript from the IRS. https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-ThemIf you filed with Turbotax online, log into your account and check your timeline.  If you dont see your return, you are in the wrong account, see this to find your other accounts. https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n 


I filed and was accepted on April 14th got my federal refund like 10 days later and still have not gotten my state yet is there some way to track my state where do i find out information on where my money is  

A month is not a long time for many states this year.  Some states are taking several weeks to process refunds due to enhanced security measures and the increasing number of fraudulent returns.Your question was promptly answered yesterday in your original thread.  Did you not go back and retrieve the answer on how to check on your state refund?Heres the complete answer at your other thread on the same issue:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358352-i-have-t-received-my-state-refund  


2015 I filed online and my account has no record of 2014.  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


turbo tax should be liable for the amount.  How do I get my money back  

All TT does is forward your banking info to the IRS. The IRS then takes the payment.  Please contact the IRS.  


I have yet to be debited for my owed taxes from 2015.  It was setup to debit on 04/11/2016, yet on 05/13/2016, still no funds for owed taxes have been debited.  

Check here first:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIF your e-files were rejected, then you have to correct and re-submit.__________________________If your files were accepted...then you may have mis-entered something:What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the both the Federal and State ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheets.  (depending on whether you were to pay both...or just one of them)3) (Picture 1&2) Look at those sheets, and if it was possible for you to arrange a Balance-Due payment to the Feds & state with your tax filing, it will look like the pictures displayed here.  Re-check all the account routing numbers.4)  (Picture 3)  IF it was not possible for you to arrange payment with your filing, or you didnt arrange payment with your filing, then the Fed/State Electronic Filing Instructions sheet will look somewhat like the third picture.  Then you will have to mail in a payment, to the Fed/state, or go to their tax websites to pay.  


I did my taxes back in Feb and now they aren't in my account anymore.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 online return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


What does it mean to be a Yonkers?  

Yonkers is a city in New York state. Yonkers has a city income tax. If you need to file a Yonkers return, it is part of the NY state return  


Also, last year I had over 2000 misc itemized deductions but 0 this year. Don't understand why the big difference.  

To file as head of household, you must be unmarried (single or separated at least 6 months), and you must pay more than half your household expenses, and you must provide care in your home for a qualifying person, usually a child who you can also claim as a dependent.Do you meet these conditions?  If not, you are not HOH.  If you do, the go back and review your answers in the personal info section, paying close attention to the dependent interview.  Post back here if you have more questions.We cant see your returns and dont know what your deductions are.  miscellaneous itemized deductions will usually be work mileage or other expenses.  To claim these expenses, you can only claim the amount of itemized deductions that is more than 2% of your adjusted gross income, and you must also have total of all itemized deductions that are more than your standard deduction.  You will need to compare all your tax info between last year and this year to see what has changed.  


Please answer by e-mail, because I'm not live in US now. Thank you!  

This is a user-to-user discussion forum, not TT Support.You will have to first file an amended S Corp return, using TT Business (not Home and Business) and give the shareholders an amended K-1.https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/s-corporations  


The income Turbotax submitted as my gross income is much more money than I actually get?  

review the income section of 1040 for erroneous entries.  


How can I claim my daughter as a dependent, just like last year?  

There is a glitch and TurboTax is working on it. See the following for the workaroundUnable to select None of the Above on Tell us about your Child Screenhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


I need to amend the deductions big time!!!  

If you are getting a refund from your tax return, you may want to do this in two steps since a fully amended return takes 16 weeks or so to process and would slow down your original refund. Your first step would be to change your tax return to just add the 1095-A. Use the steps at this link to do that: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3266092-need-to-enter-1095-aAfter you have completed the first step and printed and mailed the 1040 p. 2 and other documents, you can then actually amend your tax return to change the deductions. Follow the steps in the first step link again except when you get to step 5 select Continue instead of DO NOT select continue to actually go ahead and create an amended return form 1040X.  


2014 filing letter from IRS says to rush them $1,969.the only thing still on form you submitted was our 2 exemptions...I remember filling in all of the financial blanks but now realized this info was stripped  (none appeared on the form) on what TurboTax electronically submitted!  

If you filed online, you should be able to log into your account and download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets.  If your forms do not show the correct information, there may be a problem with the PDF.  You will need to contact customer support to correct this. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


I used TurboTax in previous years as well, but when I look at my Tax Timeline for 2012, 2013, 2014, it says it does not have my information.  it has the returns from 2009 and before.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I didn't print it at the time I completed the return and now I can't get anything but a "do not file" copy.  

Try this,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993  


I need my 2015 tax return.  

Email?  I wonder if that is some kind of scam.No matter how you filed your 2015 tax return, it is free to download or print copies at least until October 15, 2016.  Log into your account and check your timeline, look for all forms and worksheets, you can download or print the PDF.Turbotax 2015 will not be free to print if you have not filed your return yet -- you either need to pay to file, or you need to prove you qualify for free filing and get past the paid step.  Maybe you didnt actually file yet?  Check your filing status in your account or here, https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If you still need help, contact customer support. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 


I need help urgent ASAP need to know how to fill w4  

There are a couple of tools you can use to help you complete a W-4.In TurboTax with your tax return open, type W-4 in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Or you can use the IRS tool at this web site: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/Or here is a link to another TurboTax tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/\n  


who to contact? no notice received...in the dark at the moment  

If this was a bona fide notice from the IRS (not a phishing phone call), check the year on the notice.  Its way too early for the IRS to impose a levy for 2015 unpaid taxes.  


can I submit thru turbo tax  

If you have already filed your tax return and you received an IRS notice asking about those, you can have TurboTax make form 8962, but you will need to mail them to the address in the IRS notice.  See this link for details:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


My tax refund is over due.  

duplicate post  


My Illinois state return should have been $504, but I only had $174 deposited into my account.  

The state of Illinois should send you a notice within a couple of weeks explaining why they adjusted your refund and telling you what to do if you disagree.  


I am trying to print my 2015 federal tax return for my records.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I don't want to efile.  

How do I change from mail to e-file?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3985787--------------------------------------------------If you choose to have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, you must e-file.  With the Online version, there is no charge to e-file.  The charge is for the return (in the Free Edition it would be for the State), the price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return. 


I have been filing married in Texas due to common law marriage. I am not legally married. I have recently moved to Mississippi and they do not represent common law marriage. Do I still file as married in 2016?  

I have been filing married in Texas due to common law marriage. I am not legally married.You are legally married.  If married under common law rules you are just as married as if the ceremony was performed by a judge.I have recently moved to Mississippi and they do not represent common law marriage. Do I still file as married in 2016?\n\nYes, you still file as married.  Each state respects marriages that occur in another state - including common law marriage.  You would be considered married in Mississippi because you were considered married under the laws of  Texas, and would continue to be married until (and if) you are divorced.  


Please call me or email me  

If someone is qualified to claim you then you have to check that box on your return.  Go to Personal Info - then click Edit by your name and scroll down to #3.If someone wrongly claimed you (or accidentally) then you will have to mail in your return to claim yourself.  


i need help  

How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question during business hours.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n\n 


need refund amount to check status of refund  

Just go into your TT account, and look at your tax return.. 


need help to fine error on return  

duplicate post  


Received Notice CP2000 What is this  

https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-CP2000-Notice  


I refinanced my home in 2015 and then that lender sold the mortgage, essentially leaving me with 3 separate property taxes for the year.  For some reason only 2 of these lenders have been transferred to my pa tax.  How can I get the third one added to my pa taxes?  

Property taxes on your main home should all be added together before you enter them on your Federal return in TurboTax. If you do that, the amount transfers to your state return as one amount.  


I am applying for an apartment. I need to print my 2014 tax returns. I utilized TurboTax but I can not seem to access it. Any assistance would be great  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need 2014 tax returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Hi There, Is there any where I can look up my Tax ID number? Let me know please.  

Your Tax ID Number is your Social Security Number or ITIN.  


I do not agree to any charges  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for payment of the TurboTax fees if your federal refund is delayed and you chose the optional Refund Processing Service to pay the TurboTax account fees from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\nHow do you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing fees?\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\nIn addition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\n 


No  

If you used the Desktop CD/Download program then the only copies are/were on your computer and if you didn't make a backup they are gone.  If you used the Online web version you can download them again.  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 


My spouse and I are in process of divorce and I need my information  

For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password  Also see:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-to-Get-a-Transcript-or-Copy-of-a-Prior-Year-Tax-Return 


I am trying to submit this tax return with my form to get an ITIN number for my wife, however there is no option to print my form. Please help.  

You must pay the TT fees first.  


It appears I have to calculate myself Part II of Schedule MA-M.  

no the system will do it for you.  


I have tried clicking download/print all documents. It pulls up the instructions on how to file the VA return but not the return itself.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I have been granted 1,500 internal options from my company with a $1 per share exercise price and a $40 per share value.  My wife and I have a combined income of $250K, take the mortgage deduction and have two children.  My concern is triggering the AMT.  Is it best to exercise and hold for more than a year, or exercise and sell within the same year?  Also, is it best to do this all at once or piecemeal?  

What are internal options?  Whats more important here is whether these are ISOs or NQSOs.  If these are ISOs then the $39 per share spread is an AMT preference item if you dont sell in the year of exercise so your chance of falling into the AMT is is greatly increased.You havent provided enough information here for anyone to answer with any confidence your questions, and the AMT - as well as regular taxes - is so maddeningly complex that seat of the pants and back of the envelope answers are just completely unreliable.Since you seem to be using a desktop version of the program Id advise preparing an income tax return with your best estimates of 2016 income, deductions, withholding, exemptions, etc., etc. and then exercising your options and see what happens.  Work through the AMT interview and review Form 6251 to see how close you are to AMT territory or how deep youre into AMT territory.  If the options are ISOs then try this both with and without selling by the end of the year to see how AMT calculations are affected.  Try permutations of exercising some or all of the options and selling some or all of the resulting shares.  Remember that the exercise of NQSOs creates compensation income that needs to be taken into account, and that the sale of stock acquired via ISOs also can create compensation if the sale is a disqualifying disposition.Youre going to have to educate yourself and put some effort in to answer your own questions.  Or, go see a competent local income tax pro.Tom Young  


I filed an amendment to my return through TurboTax, and now need information from the amendment. Where can I print this from?  

You did not print a second copy after you printed the the first to mail to the IRS?  Download the PDF of your return to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I live in OH and work in MI. Should the "state wages" box of my W2 show the actual income I earned in MI, or should it show the amount of TAXABLE income I earned in MI ($0 because of OH-MI reciprocal agreement)? It currently shows the actual amount and, therefore, MI taxes were withheld (I also filed with OH so had to pay two states' income tax). Can I fix this and get a return from MI for this tax?  

It shows your actual income.  You must file a MI nonresident return, and then an OH resident one.Going forward, you do not have to pay Michigan income taxes on your wages. You would submit exemption Form MI-W4 to your employer. In other words you should have had only Ohio taxes withheld.  


I would like to do this for the purpose of budgeting.  

Here are some Tax Planning tools https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools TaxCaster, free tax calculatorhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster   If you are using the Online version, do NOT change anything on your return.  You would have to start with a new account and do a test return.  You don't have to pay unless you want to print it out.If you are using the Desktop Software there is also a What-if worksheet. Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right (left for Mac). Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet.  Or you can copy your file with another name and test in the copy.  Go to FILE-SAVE AS.  


anuthing nor have i received my refund !!!!! I am moving out of state need it !  

Tyr calling the phone number on the letter you received. The IRS is processing a lot of these forms, and only they can tell you how long it will take.  


I recently had to move back home with my elderly parents due to becoming disabled and losing my job and former home. For awhile I had no income at all but eventually was approved $600.00 per month from SSI and that is now my sole income.When I started getting money again I felt I owed them every penny I could spare and I give them $400.00 each month as thats about all I can spare after paying personal expenses like insurance.We are calling it a gift currently but I was told that if I declared that payment I would become eligible for Food Stamps.. which at this point would be a huge help.But I am afraid it will be counted against them as additional taxable income. If we declare at as Utilities is there any need to add it to their taxes?  

Gifts are not reportable or taxable by either the giver or receiver of the gift.     Neither is sharing living expenses which is what this sounds like.  


I don't have a bank acct for my refund to be deposited to but it's showing that it was DD on APRIL 22 2016. If the bank didn't reject it, what are my options?  

That is likely the routing/account number for the bank that issues the NetSpend card. Have you received and activated the card?  If so, the refund should now be on it.Please contact NetSpend directly at 1-855-646-8848 with any questions.  


I'm still work on the return  

Go to the Personal Info tab, and edit them there.  


i filed my sisters tax return for her and it went through but now we need a copy of the paper work and she forgot the password i have repeatedly selected reset password but i believe the phone number they have on file is incorrect and it wont let me select any other method to reset the password.  

You might have a copy of the tax return as a PDF file in the TurboTax folder.  


This has happened the past 2 years and the IRS bills us for the difference plus penalties! This happened for 2013 and we just received a letter concerning 2014. I know it will happen again for 2015.  Why does TURBO TAX program change the amt?? Am I answering a question wrong????  

Please review the actual 1099-R forms for those years. Is Box 2a (taxable amount) blank or says unknown?  If so, you are supposed to leave it empty, and then answer the questions so that TT can calculate the taxable amount.  If you entered a zero instead, that was wrong, and the program said it wasnt taxable.Or, you may have misanswered a question re any non-taxable basis in the plan, or if you did a rollover of some kind.  


I am doing my paid internship here just for 6 months and I am filling the W8BEN form for my bank in Germany. I have to also send them corresponding evidence to support why I am filling the W8BEN instead of the W-9 form. I have no idea about tax in the US and how it works.  

Here is the IRS information on taxation of non-resident aliens:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Taxation-of-Nonresident-Aliens-1  


I am 17 about to be 18 and am moving out of my parents home. I will be living with a roommate. I have a job and make enough to support myself, but am trying to get a better understanding of what my budget will be a month. How do I determine how much I will have to pay in taxes each month?  

Since you are a W-2 employee, you will have Federal, State and perhaps Local taxes withheld from your pay, as well as Social Security and Medicare payroll taxes.  You may also have other statutory deductions, such as workers comp insurance premiums deducted.  Once you answer the questions above, we can advise you further.  


I've used the steps to save it that were suggested and its still saving it as a pdf file. please help.  

TurboTAX CD has two save options, Save As... and Save as PDF.Most likely, TurboTAX Online has the same two options. Pick Save As... to get a tax file.  


Good Day, Trying to get a copy of my 2013 taxes, without the words PREVIEW listed. How would I be able to remove the PRVIEW.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for information on the Preview watermark - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-onlyPreview Only watermarks can also occur on prior-year PDF copies, but will only cause problems if youre trying to paper-file the PDF. In that case, you will need to contact us for assistance.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


How do I file 2014 taxes on turbo tax?  Or can I?  

Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return. 


I keep getting a response in my email stating that I need to call Turbo Tax and speak with them. I can't do that because my phone is off now due to not getting my money! what do you suggest I do now? I need my money and I need my 34.99 refund today! I'm tired of waiting and should've had my money last week. Now you are telling me its on hold. I sent the necessary info in to verify that its me. Now all I need is my money. And because I still have yet to receive my NetSpend card and yet to receive my tax return, I need a refund on the 34.99 I was charged for nothing. I'm getting furious everyday that my money doesn't come. So now instead of 185.02, I should now receive $220.01. ALL THIS NONSENSE over barely $200! RIDICULOUS! Somebody needs to fix this today or you will be hearing from me yet again. Again, thanks to you all, I am unable to call because my phone is off. FIX THIS! It should've been fixed a week ago!  

Duplicate. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358895-and-as-i-have-told-you-a-phone-is-not-available-to-me-ive-... 


I heard about dual residents do i qualify even if was not here before getting my green card?Dual status: in the taxable year you were resident and non resident  

YES, You were present in the United States and either received a green card during the calendar year or passed the substantial presence test during the calendar year, but were not present for the entire calendar year, or were an exempt individual for part of the year. You are considered a resident for tax purposes from the first day during the year you entered the United States or were not an exempt individual, and a non-resident prior to that. You are considered a dual status alien and should file a dual status return. This is a combination of Form 1040 and Form 1040NR. Special rules apply to dual status aliens.SUBSTANTIAL PRESENCE TEST\n\nYou will be considered a United States resident for tax purposes if you meet the substantial presence test for the calendar year. To meet this test, you must be physically present in the United States (U.S.) on at least:\n31 days during the current year, and\n183 days during the 3-year period that includes the current year and the 2 years immediately before that, counting:\nAll the days you were present in the current year, and\n1/3 of the days you were present in the first year before the current year, and\n1/6 of the days you were present in the second year before the current year.\n\n\n\n\nIf you qualify Substantial Presence Test you need to pay tax as a U.S. Citizen. 


The amount of course will be half the value of the property.  

You will have to report it. The part that is taxable is the difference between the value on the date of your mothers death, and the price you receive.  Which may not be much, depending on when you inherited and when you sell.  You should document the value on the date of her death with a qualified real estate appraisal.In turbotax, you would enter it on the income page for Sale of stocks and other things.  This is an other thing -- not a second home, which is something different.  You will be asked about your cost basis (which is half the value on the date of her death), the date you acquired ownership, how you acquired ownership (inheritance), date of sale, and amount received.  The difference between your cost basis and the amount received will be taxable as long term capital gains.Note: this answer only applies if you never lived in the home as your personal residence after you acquired ownership.  If you did, its a little more complicated, write back with more details.  


If I only own mac computers and I need to file a small business partnership return, how can I make this CD work for me?  

TurboTax Business is Windows-only.  There is no MAC version.  


I have refereed my friend to turbox tax, and 45 days already passed. When do I  get the amazon gift card?  

Not sure what you are talking about.  


I am trying to receive my 2014 tax return but I am unable to get to it by upgrading to plus. I do not wish to upgrade to deluxe.  

If you are clicking on Upgrade and the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Help!  

You cannot efile a prior year return using TurboTax. You can prepare a 2012 tax return by buying and downloading to your computer the 2012 tax program. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/It must be printed and mailed after you prepare it.TurboTax no longer supports tax year 2011. You would have to find another provider who can prepare a return for that year or you can download a 2011 form from the IRS and prepare it yourself. Here is a link: http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html?value=1040&criteria=formNumber&submit...  


I Filed my tax on April 11th 2016. I got my Federal Refund on April 18th. But my California Refund is yet to be refunded. When i checked the web site its saying " We authorized your refund on Monday, April 18, 2016.". But still i am yet to get the amount..  Its been almost 4 weeks since i filed the CA tax..  

Please see this:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/individuals/faq/ivr/621.shtml  


I never received the refund for 2014 and I don't think they ever got the return.  

visit your states revenue website for a contact number; call them to track down what happened to your prior year tax return.  


Im only 20 and dont make much. Shouldnt USAA members have State filing for free  

Yes, there is a $34.99 fee to have the $29.99 fee deducted from your refund.  Your age or income has nothing to do with it.  


What action should we take if my client just received a 1099 for 2015?  We filed the return a month ago.Going forward, we should keep records so we know which 1099s to expect.  

Yes, there is a penalty.  Its runs from $50 up depending on the situation.  See page 17 here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1099gi.pdf  


I'm a non-resident who does not live in the US.  

Cashing or depositing a check will depend on local bank rules.  You will have to ask a local bank or other financial institution.  The IRS issues checks when there are problems with the direct deposit such as a bad account number or account owner different from taxpayer.  There is no way I know of to get the IRS to take the check back and pay you electronically.  You will have to figure this out on your own. 


I filed with Turbo Tax on Feb 25th. Turbo Tax said it was accepted and itd be within 21 days of filing that I got my return. Going by that I should have received my return by March 17th. On March 22nd I called the IRS and they said to give them 31 days which comes to April 21st. On April 22nd I called again and they said to give them 11 weeks from the original file date. That would be today. Still no return. I called again and they said to give them 30 more days! That puts it at June 11th which is a total of 15+ weeks, 4+ months, of waiting on my return. WTF? Why?  

No, TurboTax does not guarantee that you will get your refund within a certain amount of time. They cannot make such a guarantee because TurboTax has no control over when you get your refund. The IRS determines when your refund will be paid. The IRS says that they pay 9 out of 10 refunds within 3 weeks. Yours is apparently the 1 out of 10 that takes longer. Only the IRS can tell you why your refund is delayed or when you will get it. TurboTax has no information about it.  


You tell me they are accepted then I get a rejection from you????   This has been going on since I filed.  Now my Taxes are late. What's going on.  I called to get a pin number the lady says I don't need one.  I have been using Turbo Tax for over 15 years and this year is a nightmare  

duplicate post  


so what happens when I am unable to get a phone and literally don't have a penny to my name because you don't know how to send my money. By the time a phone is available to me, your services will be closed and I'm going to have to wait yet another 2 weeks. I verified my identification and I filled out what needed to be filled out. I want my money and I want my 34.99 refund. This will continue until the issue is resolved. FIX THIS! Everyday I am without my money, the more furious I get. A measley 185 is all I want! And please do not send me another email stating that this is an IT problem. I don't care who you point the finger at... the point is I don't have my money and should have had it weeks ago. Findthe person that needs to fix and send me my money. Period.  

Your refund is on hold with our partner, Santa Baraba Tax Products Group. This is because you selected the Refund Processing Service to pay your TurboTax fees with your Federal refund. They have put your refund on hold most likely for security reasons in an effort to curb tax fraud. SBTPG does have email support available and you can reach them by following this link: http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/requests/new. 


I get by mail a letter from the irs with a control number my social security *  Identity verification service (idverify.irs.gov)I want to process my return.I've qualify for the health care exemption  

Follow the instructions in the 5071C letter you received from the IRS.  Also see this IRS website for the 5071C letter - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter  


Can both amounts on line 16a and 16b ever be the same? If so, how? This is the 2nd year in a row the IRS contacted me saying I shorted them on taxes. This happened on 2013 taxes and now on 2014 and Im sure it will happen again next year when they review 2015.  Please help.  

As VolvoGirl said, You must have said you have a cost basis or contributed after tax money to it at some time in the past.If you dont have a basis you have to clear that info in TurboTAX.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact  


Hi - I work for the UN in the Netherlands. I have not lived in the US for 3 years, although I was previously a resident of IL. All of my UN income is excluded from federal taxes as foreign income.However, I have about $6600 in dividend income and about $-1000 in capital losses. The investment advisor who manages my money is in IL, but the "source" of this money is presumably from wherever the traded companies are domiciled.Do I need to pay taxes on this in IL? I don't believe I'm technically even a resident there still, but my investment accounts are held there. Thanks!!  

If youre not a legal resident of Illinois then you dont owe taxes there.  Just the fact that your investment accounts are managed by someone in Illinois does not make the dividend income sourced there.Tom Young  


I am an employee of the consulting company, not a contractor.  The company that I work for is "virtual", it has not offices.  All work is done at a client site or out of employee's home offices.  I do have an office at home, and have a separate phone line, PC and other things specific for my work.  However, I also pay bills etc. out of the office.  Before, using Quicken,I used to deduct the home office (including part of the electric, etc.).  Now, it seems that I can not because it is not 100% dedicated to work.  Please help me to understand if I can still take the home office deduction, and if so, where in Quicken do I do it.  Thank you.  

However, I also pay bills etc. out of the office.  The Home office must be used regularly and exclusively for business.  I suppose you could do your personal bills in one corner of the office, and not count that space as being used for business. 


I filled through you, and owed stated and federal tax so stated I wanted to set up payment plan, and received nothing back though your site said my taxes have been filed and accepted.  How do I proceed to make sure all is in order?  

See this previous TT answer for Colorado:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3330600See this page for IRS payment options: https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


I filed my state refund in Jan. but still havent received the refund in my bank yet... Is there something i need to do, or are they just really delayed  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I completed it April 28/2016  

If your return(s) have been accepted, you can check your Federal refund status on the IRS website, Wheres My Refund\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have a\nState refund click on the following link, then\nclick on your State to go to their website where you can find refund\ninformation\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 


Is this possible?  

Normally, the IRS will not set up a payment plan for that small of an amount. Did you pay the taxes when you filed?  


I filed my tax thru electronic mail last Feb 16, 2016. I am expecting to get a refund of $1198.  

already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3357231-what-happen-to-my-refund-it-s-been-almost-3-months-since-i...  


Hi! My California refund was "approved" on April 13th however I still haven't received it. Their help line is impossible to get through to an actual person, has anyone had expected time lines to expect after the approval ?  

Approved, accepted or authorized?https://www.ftb.ca.gov/individuals/faq/ivr/621.shtml 


Need a copy of my 2015 tax return  

\nSign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)\nIf you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.\n  


own seperate returm  

If the parent (GF) is required to file a return, then the children would be her qualifying children.  Thus, they cannot be your dependents.Was I supposed ti have claimed my girlfriend too.You cannot if GFs income was more than $4000.\n  


I inherited several Life Insurance distributions shown on 1099-R forms and some of them had federal tax withheld.  The IRS has reported that I have a large amount of tax due, and it appears from their letter that none of these 1099-R taxes paid are showing up on what they are reporting. As this is not an audit, but a correction by the IRS to my return, who or what do I need to do or contact for help.  The Turbo Tax Audit defense is not needed, but can you give me additional assistance?  

We seemed to have gotten to the bottom of it.  But dont know what exactly happened or how that amount got entered as a payment.  


Will not let me file because of check entry; Schedule C (direct sales) ---form8829 [personal info removed]) Line A of Ln8 Smarty Wks must be entered? We moved to N.C. on April 1,2016. No idea what they are asking for? Did not work in NC in 2015?  

I removed the address from your question since this is a public Internet forum.   For your privacy/security please do not post personal info in the forum.In the Online version, you cannot see the smart worksheets.  I just looked in the desktop edition to view a Form 8829 and associated smart worksheets.    Line A of Line 8 Smart Worksheet  appears to be Enter the date you began using this home office for this business.When you entered your home office info, did you not enter the date that you began using it for that business?  


It been more than a month that I filed my taxes. Its been accepted already but I don't know why there is no refund in my account. I went to IRS tracking tool but it says being processed and there is no date given,Thanks  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I DID MY 2015 INCOME Tx on a cd; how can I see it on line?  

No.  If you used the Desktop CD/Download program then the only copy is on your computer.  You should save it as both the .tax2015 and as the pdf file.  And save frequently, go to FILE - SAVE and FILE - SAVE TO PDF.  And backup frequently to a flash drive, etc. 


I have access to all my previous years I filed with Turbo tax except for 2015  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


[mailing address removed]  

If you filed your prior year returns with the Online version:How do I get a copy of a return I filed in TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525----------------------------------------------------What if I need a prior-year TurboTax Online return and Im not using TurboTax Online this year?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5459366------------------------------------------------------------------------If you used the CD/Desktop version of TurboTax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. You can also get a free transcript of your return from the IRS: http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or you can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, select this link to find out how to get it: http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 


i recieved 886-h-eic forms and audit by mail. I am not married but my girlfriend or child and my stepchild lived with me the entire year and i supported them completely my children are 3 and 1. If i have a notarized letter from the mother (my girlfriend) that they lived with me and i supported them will irs accept that?  

Thats a start.  Does your girlfriend get mail at your address?  What about her drivers license?  Copies of those along with the birth certificate (to show she is the mother, and lives with you) would work well.Does the child get medical bills or some other mail at your address?  That would be ideal.  Does the child go to daycare?  If so, can you get a statement from the daycare provider?  


So I know I paid for the whole package but didnt think it would track so well...  :(  

TT refund dates are only estimates anyway.Go to the IRS website.  


Do I really need to print out a paper form and mail it it to US?  

TurboTAX wont let you print your return until you have paid the fee. You can obtain all the blank writable PDF tax forms at www.irs.gov.If your return is simple enough you should be able to glean the necessary information from what TurboTAX is telling you so far.  


Hello. I am depressed after I came from a CPA tax agent but as my friends told me its not possible that I could pay such taxes. I would be really grateful if someone could help me with my tax math. Let me get you into my situation.- I am 24 years old- I live in New York - LI - I started an S-Corp this year so I am a self employment, - I get the 1099 form from the office that im working for, - I have a spouse who does not have SSN-just ITIN, no income- My income is 29k after deductions such as fuel, insurance etc., - I am still on Medicaid health insurance but it ends in one month- My annually living costs are about 28k so I am using all the income that my business makes,So I end up with $0 every month, now as my taxable income is $29k I will lose my insurance so I wont be able to pay for health insurance which is over $300 monthly. I still have to pay tax from the $29k. As the agent told me I have to pay tax for Social/Medicare - 15,3%, Federal - 15%, NY State -5%, I dont think its true. But I end up with no money to pay it, of course I have family who could help but what kind of life is that...So my question is - Will I lose my Medicaid ins? How much tax will I have to pay? Does my income deduct if my spouse does not have SSN?Thanks in advance.  

Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/S-Corporationshttps://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/S-Corporation-Compensation-and-Medic...https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Self-Employed  


Today I received a notice CP2000 dated 05/09/2016 from IRS for tax year 2014 indicating that I forgot to include $2,772 of 1099-MISC income. This is accurate. The IRS says I now owe $1,014 including interest. I need to deduct auto mileage from the 1099 income. How do I do this? What forms do I need to fill out? A Form 1040 Schedule C? Please help. Thanks.  

Yes, you need to file an amended return, including form 1040X and schedule C. Youll need to do schedule SE also. Send the amended return to the IRS office that sent you the notice. How to amend https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


I filed my 2014 taxes and included my 1098 T. However I just discovered that my school sent out 2 copies of the 1098 T for 2014. The one that I missed is for nearly $15,000 in tuition. I paid this tuition via student loan. Would it be beneficial to amend my 2014 return with this information?  

Probably not. For most people, it only takes $4000 of tuition to claim the maximum tuition credit. If box 2 (or box 1) of your first 1098-T was $4000+ more than box 5, you probably dont meed to amend.Check you form 1040 or 1040A. If line 68 of form 1040 (line 44 of form 1040A is $1000, you have already received the maximum credit.  


Tried twice with a credit card, just want to make sure I pay my 29.99 fee  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 


I forgot Ive got 1099 MISC form, so I amended it and paid more tax. Now I checked my W-2 form, I found I missed to file Box 14 Other (CA SDI), because the print is so small, and its the 1st time to work in CA. How do I amend this error? which file should I use - original 1040 or Amended 1040X? And how do I know my 1st 1040X has been processed?  

First wait until the 1st amended return has been totally processed.   You can check the status here:You can check the status of your mailed amended return at this link but allow 3 weeks after mailing before checking. http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1Unfortunately TurboTax does not have any provisions to amend an amended return - it can only amend an original return.    Amending a second time is anything but simple.The trick is to make TurboTax think that it is amended an original return.  This is almost impossible to do with the online versions and requires the desktop software.You need to start with a copy of your tax file exactly as it was filed before the first amendment was done.   Then add to that the changes that the first amendment made as if it was the original file containing the corrections in the first amendment.  Now you have an original  tax return that contains the first amended data.  Print that return for filing so TurboTax thinks you filed that return.   Then start the amendment.  Now you will be amending the tax return as first amended. 


I did not know that this was needed until after I filed.  Am I able to go back into my acct on TurboTax and file this?  

Yes, the injured spouse form can either be filed with a tax return or after the refund (on a joint return) is paid (assuming it is reduced).  If you are still waiting for the refund and are only expecting it to be taken, wait until you know for sure.  Log into your account and get the form under Other tax situations.  You will have to print it out and mail it in.  


Virginia claims that I didnt file returns for 2011,12/13/14 and I need proof that you filed them.. You have a declaration control number and dates of filing which will prove them wrong. I need that information.  

This is mainly a user community forum--not a direct route to TurboTax Customer Support.  Since you have been asking similar questions about this issue for the last 3 weeks or so, you may wish to phone TurboTax Customer Support and speak to them directly.    If you efiled the returns, TurboTax Support can tell you if they were accepted or rejected, or if they were not efiled.   To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I got an email from turbo tax saying: "\tWe've noticed that you are using a new account this year. We recommend using the same account every year, if you can. This saves you time and helps you get your biggest refund. Learn more"I did not use a new account this year.  I don't understand why I got this email. I have a security concern.  

NOTE:Talk to TurboTax Customer Support to verify the email.  In the meantime, do NOT click on any links in the email or download any attachments.  There have been some phishing emails that look very realistic.  Only TurboTax Support can tell you if the email is legit or not, so its best to be careful.***********************Please phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday (they are currently closed) and let them investigate with you to see if there is any explanation for your notice or whether your info has been compromised.I will also give you a tool below to look for multiple accounts, just in case you started one somehow without realizing it.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Go ahead and look for multiple accounts to see what you discover.  Even if you find more than one account, follow through and phone TurboTax Support on Monday so they can investigate why you received that email.  Of course, if you dont find another account, still contact Support to see what generated your email notice and if there has been any compromise.To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf that didnt come up with multiple accounts, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


My dad bought me a car as a gift a year ago. Recently, my car was totaled and my insurance gave me a check. How should I report this for taxes?* There is no personal loss for me. This car was a gift.* I sold my total car to my insurance company and they took out my deductible.Can I give that money back to my dad? He will buy me another car with it.  

A reimbursement for a totaled car is not reportable.  Im sure the car cost you more than you received so you have a personal loss, a loss that you cant deduct.  Theres no point in giving the money back to you dad.  If he wants to buy you another car simply have him write a check for the difference between your $15,100 payment and the cost of the new car.Tom Young  


I never used turbotax to file a 2013 tax refund.  I want to see the 1040 so I can report the information to the police! TTW############  

https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Instructions-for-Requesting-Copy-of-Fraudulent-Returns 


I just need to know my Maryland withholding tax for that year please help me  

TurboTax does not have a copy of your actual W-2 form--only the information you entered into your return.  You may be able to print a W-2 worksheet. Have you downloaded your  2013 PDF with all forms and worksheets?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900831-print-a-copy-of-your-tax-return-for-your-recordsYour employer should be able to furnish you a copy of a W-2.  The Soc.Sec. Administration can also furnish a copy of a W-2, but there is a fee.  


IRS states I under-reported.  Their math is exactly DOUBLE what I receive in my 1099-R.  How best to state my case that I am accurate and did confirm with previous employer from which I retired.  They are sending me follow-up confirmation.  

The best way to respond is exactly as you described it here.Respond in writing that you are disputing the changes.Submit a copy of the 1099-R from your employer and point out that IRS is counting it twice.Your IRS letter will provide the details on how to respond.  


When I log on to Turbo Tax Refund to locate my refund it says that I owe.  It also says that  I have a zero balance . I'm looking for some clarity.  

You mean 2015.On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return  


I was under the assumption paying the 99 fee included the downloaded software and for filing my taxes.  In previous years, I did not download the software, I only did my taxes online and just paid the 57.  Where did I go wrong here?  

This is mainly a public user community forum so nothing account-specific can be handled here.  Please phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday (they are closed weekends this time of year), and they can investigate to see what you are being charged for.  And if anything is incorrect, they can remedy that.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed my taxes this year but the money wasn't pulled from my checking account like previous years.  Why?  

First check your status by logging into your account. If the screen does not give you a date of filing you may not have completed the process. Or you can check filing status here https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


My federal return was sent via a paper check and today i got notice that the bank did not honor the direct deposit.  Since the state has yet to collect their payment I am assuming I incorrectly listed my bank information.  I now need to fix it.  how can I do this?  

Once you have filed the return the Direct Debit info cannot be fixed ... so you need to make the payment by mailing a check or online at the states web site if they allow it. The state should be sending you a bill for the balance due soon and the payment options should be on it along with any penalties & interest. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


How do I find that return and then print it?  

1.  Sign in to your Tax Timeline with the same login you used to file your return.\n\no   If you cant remember, go to the Account\nRecovery page and enter your email\nto get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.\n\n2.  Once youre signed in, youll see the tax\nyear(s) you filed under that login. Select the year you want.\n\n3.  In the Some things you can do section, click Download/print\nreturn (PDF).\n\no   Tip: Click Download all forms and\nworksheets (current-year\nreturns only) for all the calculation worksheets. 


I received a Letter from the IRS telling me I owe them for a 1099 in the year 2014. I ended my work-contract in the year 2013 with them and never got a single check from them in the taxyear 2014. How do I go about this?  

I would first contact the vendor and find out why they issued a 2014 Form 1099-MISC.  Once you determine they didnt, or that they issued one in error, you will have a basis for replying to the IRS providing them with the appropriate facts.  


Total Income/AGI 16661     Standard deduction 7850    exemption 4000        Taxable \nincome 4811  tentative tax 418  total credits $136  other taxes 54Total tax 336  Total Payments 1162 withheld from wages  Refund 826State and local taxes withheld from wages 599  Refund 98From investments  2015 Sched D  ST LOSS -7931  2014 ST Carry forward loss -17892     total -258232015 LT Cap Loss --6087   2014 carry over loss  -12410    total -18497 Do to all my capital losses  and taking the allowed 3000 loss  I dont see why I owe any tax, and all withholding should be refunded  This was the case last year got everything back plus some EIC (not eligible this year)  TT said no errors   let me know what files to attach if needed  

you will get all your withholding returned to you - minus the $418 (tentative) tax due.  


i think the irs got a 1040 and a 1040 A and doubled my income they are telling me i owe them 1637.00 because of this  

when you amend, Form 1040X becomes your new tax return.If IRS got an extra 1040A tax return, it can be only because you sent it in.  


2013  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639 


I babysit and Tutor a few times a week for different families.  

in the topic list or Find box, look for proprietorship, sole and go to that section. There you can enter Cash Income.  


Taxpayer owns house and has name on mortgage, but parents made payments for one year.  I know parents are not entitled to mortgage interest deductions (they have no ownership interest).   Is taxpayer, who paid nothing that year, entitled to the deduction?    Does the situation change if parents gifted the money to taxpayer, who then paid mortgage directly?  

You cant deduct mortgage interest you did not pay.Does the situation change if parents gifted the money to taxpayer, who then paid mortgage directly?Yes.  


I have been tracking the NC state "Wheres My Refund?" and the status has been the same for several weeks..Sent to my bank take 10 days process.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779899  


im have been trying for months now to see if the irs got my tax return in the mail i sent it in February and im only getting back 137 but when i go on the irs page to look and see whats happening with it it says that its no recored of me sending it in and i would really like to talk to someone about this but i cant get a hold of anyone to talk to help me in need to know if i will be getting my money  

I dont know which IRS page you have been going to.    You dont use the regular Wheres My Refund page for an amended return.This is the IRS page for looking up the status of an amended return:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1It can take up to 16 weeks for the IRS to process an amended return, but it should still be showing up in the tool above at this point in time.   It usually takes 3 weeks after mailing to show up in that tool.The IRS FAQ page says IRS representatives can only research the status of your return if it \nhas been 12 weeks or more since you mailed your amended tax return, or \nif Wheres My Amended Return? directs you to contact us.It sounds like you mailed it about 12 weeks ago.  If you want to phone the IRS, heres how to reach an agent:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.  


I could e-file my tax forms due to a misconception imbedded into the software. I ended having to use a different service to file my tax form electronically ( Free File ). The forms in question are 1040 and 2555EZ  

You will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support for help with any account-specific issues.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


It's been almost 3 months since I filed my "free" return, and now all of a sudden I have a 30 dollar chunk missing from my account without my authorization or knowledge, and if it is a "fee" as I've seen on the FAQ, why can I not view what I've been charged for?  

A 29.99 fee would be for either a state return or an upgrade to Free Edition with PLUS.  Is the IRS still processing your refund, and has not yet released it?    If TurboTax debited your bank account for that amount, that implies that you chose the option to pay the fee out of your Federal refund.  In that case, if the return is delayed at the IRS, TurboTax will eventually debit your bank account to pay the fees. In the FAQ below, read the topic What happens if the IRS hangs on to it for more than 45 days?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376Here are a couple of ways to view your fees.  First log in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.  Scroll down to Some things you can do.Click on View order details.If you dont see your fees that way, you can open your return back up to look at the fees.  Heres how:\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nClick on Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open back up.)\nOnce the return is past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then TOOLS.\nIn the TOOLS window, choose MY FEES.\nAlso be aware that if you did use that refund processing service, there is also 34.99 service fee.  The FAQ above says that TurboTax will still be taking the processing fee out of your refund when it eventually comes from the IRS.\n 


Do I still need to use the home and business edition?  

Yes, if you are using the Online program you still need the Home & Business version and then you will have to enter the entire Sch C line by line into the Business section.  


I didn't have my son's s.s number so I had to amend my taxes once I received it. I'm just curious to see when it will arrive, because we are struggling a bit right now.  

The IRS website below says up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.  It may or may not take that long.  Theres no way to predict any individual case, but it will be several weeks.You can monitor the status of the amended return at the following website, but it wont show up in the system there until about 3 weeks after you mailed it.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 


I received the form 3531 from IRS asking for my signature and box 13 (Explain the source of earned income or wages you used to compute your earned income credit and attach documents to support your entry). But currently I am not in the US. Can I just ignore this notice?  

Duplicate posting.  


I received the form 353 (Request for missing information or papers to complete return) from IRS asking for box 13 (Explain the source of earned income or wages you used to compute your earned income credit and attach documents to support your entry).How do I explain this? What kind of documents should I provide if I made my income from China with no W2s or 1099?  

No, you should never ignore an IRS letter.  You must respond in some way, treat this like a conversation.  The IRS asked a question and you must answer. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4490416TurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS\ntax letters, which will be easier than going through regular Customer\nSupport.   At the page below, click on the blue button that says\nGet Help from TurboTax Support.  Then it will ask you\nwhat tax year is your letter.  Then it will ask you what the letter\nconcerns. Then it will show you the phone number during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


the letter even said if I choose to do it on the phone I can have a third person, power of attorney present.  What the heck...Im kind of freaked.....no one else in my family got one of these  

See this IRS website for the 5071C letter you received - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter  


I don't have any reason not to be able to netfile that I am aware of. Did I click something in the profile section that isn't allowing me to netfile (Justin's return)? Erin's return net filed just fine. THanks.  

Hi there,The IRS is experiencing processing delays.  Heres more information:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.htmlI hope you find this helpful.  Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz  


how do i comply with this request using turbotax?  the second question is why was this not part of the original filing done on turbotax?  

TurboTax should generate IA Form 126 if you prepared your Iowa return as a non-resident.  Did you enter Iowa in the Other State Income section of Personal Info?  


I filed an extension, now I'd like to finish my Tax return online  

If youre using the CD version you dont use an on-line account.  It is run entirely from the desktop machine that it was installed on.  Select the desktop icon the program installs and run it from there. 


If not calculated does IRS send notice for outstanding amount?  

Line 79 is the estimated tax penalty.  Normally, if there is nothing there, it indicates that Turbotax has computed that you dont owe that penalty.(However, delinquency and failure to pay penalties are not computed by the program.  If any apply, the IRS will bill them.)  


I filed my Oklahoma tax return as a Part time Non resident since I worked in Oklahoma for four months in the year 2015. My tax return was rejected twice before I had to finally file for an extension. The error per Turbotax was as follows: "511NR-028 - Schedule 511NR-1, line 2 (TaxableInterestIncome) Oklahoma Amount column (StateAmount) cannot be greater than the Federal Amount column (FederalAmount). This Rule will not apply if the Not Required to File box is checked (StateFilingExemption)" I checked everything and all entries looked all right. The customer service at Turbotax were unable to resolve this issue. Has anyone else faced such issue and if they did, how did they rectify it? Thank you in advance for any help you may provide!  

\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n  


I incorrectly claimed dependents in my return. I would like to amend my return. My federal and state tax return has been accepted. I have only received the state refund but not the federal refund. Can I amend immediately? Thanks  

The IRS suggests you until your original return has been fully processed (refund received or payment cleared) before you amend your return.  Your original return is processed separately from your amended return, if someone else needs to claim the dependents you can file your amended return now.  Amended returns must be mailed.\n\nHow\ndo I Amend (Change or Correct) a 2015 Return with TurboTax?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064  


I have vouches for my estimated state taxes, but I cannot find the 1040-ES federal vouchers. Why? Where are they? Is there a way to find them now?  

Did you go through the interview to prepare the estimated payments:\n\n- Federal Taxes   (Personal for Home & Business)\n\n- Other Tax Situations \n\n- Other Tax Forms \n\n- Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes  click Start or Update\n\n- On the Adjust How Much Tax You Pay - click No to skip changing your W-4\n\n- On the Review Your Estimates? Screen click the Review Now\nbutton\n\n- continue\nthrough to enter your information\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------How do I print estimated tax vouchers for my 2016 taxes?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301458  


I need this form so I can check your calculations.  

\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n  


why is this difficult to find? I need to track the return and that is required  

Just go into your TT account, and open the state return.  


TurboTax knows how I set up payment to the IRS and I think it would be nice to be able to see that detail if I need to after filing.  

What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a NEW copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the Federal ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheet.  (theres a separate state one, down in the State section of the PDF too if you had to pay the state)3) (Picture 1) Look at that sheet, and you to arranged a Balance-Due payment to the IRS with your tax filing, it will look like the picture displayed here.  Re-check all the account routing numbers.  


I need to correct my 2015 taxes, which I had downloaded to my desktop. They have not been mailed yet. How do I access my file?  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes 


Due to farm income on a 1099-MISC, I was directed by TurboTax to file an Indiana state tax return (not where I live or work) I just own farm property there.  Anyway, when I ran the IN state tax process through TurboTax, it did not give me anywhere to enter the 1099-MISC or my property taxes, so my income was entered as ZERO.  Indiana rejected my return due to my income being ZERO.  What do I do?  Did I even need to do an Indiana return?  

Did you enter your 1099-MISC correctly on your federal return? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2901775-where-do-i-enter-farm-rental-incomeIf so, it should carry over to Schedule A, line 12B, of your Indiana non-resident return.  


I recently got a notice from the IRS that I owe money from my 2014 return because my Retirement Income Taxable was not reported correctly. Here is the summary:I had a 401k through my first employer in Account A with $3,910 in it. In April 2014, I rolled it over to a new employer with account B. Account A sent the check directly to me, but withheld 20% so that the check was $3128. In less that 60 days I deposited the check directly into account B.It seems that the IRS is claiming that since they received a 1099-R from Account A for the amount of $3910, I am subject to the 10% premature tax on withdrawing. However, I used the 60 Day rollerover and rolled over the amount (minus the 20% that was withdrawn) directly into my other account.1. How would I prove to the IRS that this amount should not be subject to the 10% tax since it was rolled over in less than 60 days? Any special forms to fill out? (I have a copy of the check when it was deposited as well as supporting documentation from both firms)2. Is there any way to recover the 20% that was withheld by the Account A in 2014? It was my mistake for not noticing when they send the check it was for $3128.29 and not the full $3910 as reported by them to the IRS on their 1099-R.  

1. When you entered the 1099-R,  one of the questions asked about rollovers.2.  The 20% amount you had withheld is considered to be a distribution, so it is taxable and subject to the 10% penalty.  


It let me know that my I'd been verified no further progress in nine weeks .  

Please call the IRS.  


I will not owe any taxes.......... what do i do ?  

Just file your taxes as normal, there is no penalty for filing a late return when you are due a refund.  


When I filed my 2013 return I purchased Turbo Tax Premier.  Now, 2016, I'm being told by the goverment I have to amend my 2013 tax return, but behold, I cannot amend my tax return online and need to download a file (i'm ok with that), but then I can't download the file unless I bought the up premier package this year.  GUYS give me a break- what kind of a scam are you playing at here, if I bought premier in 2013 I should be able to have access to my info for 2013.  I will never use turbo tax again, such a rip off!!  

Once tax season ends, TurboTAX will lock your tax return, so print a paper copy for your records when you file. As long as you are a paying customer in the same account (ie file through TurboTAX for 2015), you will have access to your prior returns for printing.  


I don't seem to access anything other than 2015 - for some reason  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


State need w2 and last paystub  

The state may also be trying to verify your state withholding.  TT has neither your W2 nor your last paystub.  


I had a $2,000 non deductible amount on form 8606 for 2015.  Do I need to take that out of my IRA to avoid penalties on my future taxes??   Thank you.  

no. do not try to remove the money or you will pay the early withdrawal penalty, and fail anyway.non-deductible contributions are a pro-rated fraction of your yearly  distribution in proportion to the total value of your IRAs. Keep your forms 8606 forever. You and your heirs will need them until your IRAs are finally depleted.  


I was still getting a refund even without including the amount paid with the request for an extension.  

wait to see what happens, IRS will probably correct your error for you.If you were getting a refund without the payment, why did you send in a payment ? 


TurboTax wants me to file tax returns for 2 states, but I am a resident in only one state. I am not able to change that on TurboTax.How can I make the change on the program in order to deal with only one state?  

Answered in the comments  


I need a copy of my 2015 1040 tax return that I already filed and received my refund, however it only shows my 2014 and ones prior to that, please let me know what I need to do asap!!  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Some how an amount of money was entered into line 71 and it should be zero  

Go to Federal taxes, Wages and Income.  Review your W-2 data entry, and be sure you have assigned each W-2 to the correct person.  


I have 2 different usernames. I filed my 2015 taxes under one username, but I need my 2008 and 2011 returns from a different username. All have the same e-mail address.  

If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I am applying for a loan and need a copy of old 2014 return.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


My spouse passed away earlier this year and has significant student loan debt that will be forgiven.  When this is reported in the next year return will this be taxable income that I am resposible for? Would this change if I created an estate and submitted it there?  

Federal student loans are discharged upon the death of the borrower.  All or part of the discharged debt may be taxable to the estate (see comments below).Note: the legal entity called an estate is automatically created at the time of death.  


My wife and I electronically filed our 2015 TurboTax Premier tax return satisfactorily in early April of this year without having addressed three questions for which we are now seeking your assistance in getting answering.1.  On Tuesday through Thursday, 19-21 May 2015, I served as an unpaid volunteer for the Special Operations Warrior Foundation, a 501(c)(3) Public Charity that has received Charity Navigator's Four-Star Rating for the past 10 years.  As a volunteer my task was to assist employees of the foundation, eight hours per day, in representing the charity at an information "booth" throughout the 2014 Special Operations Forces Industry Conference held at the Tampa Convention Center.   Questions:- Which, if any, of the following personal expenses were legitimate tax deductible expenses?  -- mileage to and from the convention center and home?  -- parking fees at the convention center?  -- lunch at the convention center?   -- anything else?  - While I assumed that these expenses could legitimately be entered as deductions on our tax return, try as I may, I could not determine where on our Premier Turbotax form to enter this information.  As a result, none of it was entered. 2.  Throughout last year (Jan-Dec) my wife served as the homeowner's association Board of Directors President for our community of 309 homes.  The board consists of five members, each of whom is a volunteer.  Her personal expenses consisted of:  -- mileage to and from board and other associated meetings.  -- travel to/from county provided training events.- As with the question above, what personal expenses could legitimately be claimed, if any, and where would they be entered on our Premier TurboTax form?3.  Throughout last year (Jan-Dec) I served as the chairman of a documents review committee for the board cited above, addressing issues related to our 29 year-old Covenants, By-Laws, and Articles of Incorporation.  Our committee consisted of five homeowners and myself.  My personal expenses consisted of the following:  -- mileage to and from committee meetings and separate meetings with our attorney.  -- compiling and editing draft document rewrites sent out to committee members, board of directors, and community website postings.  -- material expenses included computer, copier, laser & ink-jet print, and letter paper).    - Same question as above, what personal expenses could legitimately be claimed, if any, and where would they be entered on our Premier TurboTax form?  

Nothing for activities 2 & 3 are deductible, as the HOA is not a recognized charity.Mileage to and from the convention center and home and the parking fees at the convention center are deductible for activity #1.In TurboTax (TT), enter at:Federal Taxes Tab (Personal for H&B\nversion)Deductions & CreditsIll choose what I want to work on button -Scroll down to:-Charitable Donations\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n   \n-Donations to charities in 2014Theres a specific place to enter mileage. Enter Parking as other travel costs. Charity expenses are only deductible as an itemized deduction (if you usually use the standard deduction, you will probably see no tax benefit fro claiming these expenses)  


how do we know that our 2015 taxes were filed?  submitted in late March and have received nothing from Canada Revenue Agency which is odd.  Have confirmation number from Turbo Tax and pdf's of returns.  

This is the USA forum, not Canada. 


I will be a 1099 contractor starting in June.  This is my first year as a 1099.  I was unemployed with no income until from Jan to May.  Last year I only made around $20K in regular employment.  I expect my  income to be much more than last year.  So I wont fall into one of the safe harbor I think?How do I go around paying estimated tax?  Where and how in Turbotax do I do this (also is there a 2016 Turbotax to use)?    I wont get my first paycheck until after June 15, do I have to file on June 15?My income stream will be uneven, how do I estimate the uneven quarters in Turbotax?   Do I need to fill out form 2210 and when do I turn in that form? April 15?  

safe harbor depends on your tax paid , not your income. If you pay estimated tax at least as much as your total tax due last year, you should avoid penalty. You may still pay more now to avoid a big tax bill later.Your quarterly 1040-ES should be based on your income in the quarter and you will know that - approximately  - when you get there.  


Florida which does not have state tax  

these are often the unintended consequences of using that pay from my refund feature. Lesson learned, I hope.  


I have several copies of voucher 4 due 1/17/2017. I need the ones due in April, June, and September of 2016  

Log into the system and you can see all of your documents.  


how do I pull up last year's tax return?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need this to be rectified on my bank account.  

You will need to contact TurboTax support and speak directly to a Support agent for this issue.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Turbotax owes me a refund when will I get it  

TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I cannot review my 2015 Tax Return.  

In order to access your return, you must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  \n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have\n  


They may give me w2c for correction. do you know I will be getting back fed and state amount ?.  

If you paid back the full gross amount of your signing bonus, but the state and Fed both were paid witholdings, then what SHOULD happen is that you will get a corrected W-2 reducing your income by the gross amount of the signing bonus, but still showing the total amount of witholding including what was held from your bonus. This is making the assumption that you paid the money back in 2015.  


Since I cannot see my documents for 6 months after filing, I will NOT be using this sorry service again. There is no reason why I shouldn't have unfettered access to MY information.  

You can still access your returns. You must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  \n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have\n  


we entered all the information for the trust from the schedule k - have already paid our taxes and filing fees -- and thought all the paperwork was submitted via the e-file but Iowa has NOT  received it what do we need to do to get this resent to them?  

\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n  


We've used Turbo Tax for years and this year we never got follow up  other than the return was accepted.  HELP  

The  IRS never emails you.  They only send letters in the mail.   So it might be a scam.  Don't click on anything in it or fill out any of your info.Unless you mean the email from Turbo Tax saying your return was rejected.  You actually get 2 emails from Turbo Tax.  The first email only confirms the transmission and the second email Accepts or Rejects it.First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


When is turbotax sending me the 29.99. Back that I paid by accident  

This is not billing.  Please stick to your other post which was answered.  You have to call in and talk to billing during the week when they are open.  So not until Monday.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3359130-i-need-to-speak-to-a-representative  


We have a small lawn mowing business. Last year, we mowed the property of a charitable organization in town for free several times. Since we did not do much with the business, the time spent mowing the charitys property was a large percentage (25% plus) of the mower hours that were used for 2015. Can we still deduct full depreciation for the mower in 2015? Im having a hard time finding any IRC or IRS documentation that specifically addresses whether or not this is qualified business use.  

Your use of equipment for charitable means, should not effect the depreciation. In addition, the value of the donated services can be used as a charitable deduction for the business.  


I believe the 1040X form is not available at this point. Correct?  

The 2015 amended 1040X return has been available for a long time, since early Feb I think.   How to amend 2015https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064  


I was just now trying to complete my return but Turbo doesn't recognize my extension or the estimated payment I made.  

Just file your full return as normal.  If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid  


Cannot figure out how to get Turbo Tax to change this.  

Theres a Change Product  button on this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900547-how-do-i-update-or-confirm-the-info-in-my-turbotax-advanta...  


i sold my home in 2014 and did not purchase a new one -- now the IRS is asking for an excessive amount ( I made a profit of 75K)  

If you did not report the sale of your home, you may need to amend your 2014 tax return to report it.  If it was your principal residence for at least two years, it will probably be tax-free.However, be sure to read the IRS notice carefully, and respond to it in whatever way it asks you.  You may ONLY need to send a copy of the amended return in response to the IRS notice, or you may need to send a copy of the amended return IN ADDITION to filing your amended return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax  


I can login online just fine  

Double check that you are typing the password correctly, that Caps Lock and Num Lock arent in the wrong position, etc.  


I cannot find where the additional deduction comes from, but I know it is about $6000 too high.  How can I correct this error back to my correct medical deduction?  

Did you enter any self employed health insurance under schedule C?  If you couldn't use it all there then the difference goes to schedule A.  Self-employed health insurance deduction goes on Form 1040 line 29, as long as the expense is not greater than your net self-employment income. If it does exceed your net self-employment income it gets split automatically. An amount equal to your net self-employment income goes on Form 1040 line 29, and the remainder gets added in to medical expenses on Schedule A. Did you buy health insurance from the Marketplace exchange?  Or have to pay back the subsidy?  If  you went to an exchange for Health Insurance, and had to pay back some of the subsidy, part of the adjustment will flow to Schedule A.If you get Social Security benefits the medicare deduction on your SSA-1099 will flow to Schedule A.  


Est-ce possible de tlcharger la version Mac... Avec la cl de la version windows que jai acheter...  Je croyais quil fonctionnait avec les deux?  

If you havent filed yet you can go back and change anything you want.  What do you need to change?  After you change something you have to step though to the end of that section.  


Receive emails saying REJECTED for wrong AGI and thats not true!  

Did you file your 2014 return late? If you filed late then try putting in zero for the AGI.   If you can't get it to go though you should give up and mail it now.  


I am an independent contractor and I took the full depreciation on my truck which puts my AGI at 14,475. I have 1 dependent and I received the EIC and the childcare credit. I did not pay any taxes last year. Is it acceptable to still receive a return?  

Only you can look over your return and check that.  Did you have a profit or loss on schedule C for business income?  Did you have any other income?  It's possible for the credits to wipe out any regular tax.  But better check line 57 for any self employment tax.  You should still owe for that.To preview your Online return, go to My Account at the top.  Then Tools, then View Tax summary.  Then you can click on Preview My 1040 at the top.  AGI is on line 37 at bottom of first page.OR click Review near the top of your screen, and then click Summary right below it.  Then Near the bottom of the We Guarantee Your Maximum Refund screen, click the Preview Return link.  


Filed on May 12, 2016  

No, not if you get a refund.  


i need a phone number to a turbo tax representative  

https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri  8am-5pm Pacific Time  


I know Tax Act offers this online.  I have filed with them for 2015 taxes because of it.  I would like to know if TurboTax Online has plans to add this option soon.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3213615-insolvency-worksheet  


The small refund I was due to receive for 2015 says it has been applied to a tax owed for year 2009. I dont think I have records going back that far. How do I prepare for an audit or the next steps that the IRS may be taking?  

Follow the instructions below for accessing prior years tax returns filed using TurboTax online:\n\nHow to get your 2015 tax return\nHow to get an older tax return\n  


I need to change my moving expenses information.  But the system is not letting me.  I have gone through all the tabs but cant seem to find the moving expense one.  Where would I find it again??  

If you go to the "File" command in the upper/left of your screen, pick the "print" command.  That will display a print dialog box that enables you to select "all official forms for filing."  


This is a screenshot of Georgia Form 500X, I dont quite sure what the line 22 is, could someone explain? is it the amount I owe?  

Simply the amount of state income taxes that you paid to Georgia either prior to or with the filing of the original Form 500 plus add any subsequent payments you have made. 


How do I change the credit card number you use when I pay for next years program.  

If you have a Turbotax advantage plan you can change your information once you log inhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900547-how-do-i-update-or-confirm-the-info-in-my-turbotax-advanta... 


I worked, but only paid .30 in Federal taxes.  Our joint return went to his student loans.  Will I get anything filing an injured spouse form?  

The injured spouse form can only protect your portion of any refund.   If you do not have a refund based on your own income then it would be of no benefit.  


It goes on to say However, you will still be able to get a tax break for the program fee, meals and supplies directly related to your time spent volunteering.  I cant find anything about this here or anywhere else.  Its not mentioned in Pub 526.  http://www.kiplinger.com/article/spending/T059-C000-S004-vacations-that-give-back.html  

You will find the IRS rules on charitable contributions in IRS Pub 526, at this link:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p526.pdf 


Turbotax said that if I was not resident in the state of PA, I did not have to pay taxes on income received.  PA stated that since the money was received from a PA company, I still had to pay state income tax, even though I did not live there  

PA is right. Severance is considered earned where the previous place of employment was. I know this from personal experience. Your resident state will give you a credit for tax paid to any other state, but since FL doesn't have an income tax, that rule will do you no good. I doubt that TurboTax will take responsibility for the mistake, but the accuracy guarantee process is explained herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculations-guarantee 


I have a small LLC business and Im also a W2 employee with another company.  I purchased Turbo Tax Business for my small LLC and Turbo Tax Deluxe for my personal taxes.  However, Turbo Tax Deluxe is not allowing me to enter business income and its telling me to upgrade to Turbo Tax Home and Business. Do I need to upgrade to Home and Business even though I already purchased \nTurbo Tax Business and completed my LLC business taxes?  

If you have a K-1 from the LLC business return you only need to upgrade to Premier to enter a K1.  You do not need to fill out schedule C for the business.  


I filed my 2015 tax return on January 8th, 2016 without providing the essential forms regarding the healthcare adjustments (forms 1095 and 8962) that must be within the return for timely processing.  With that said, I mailed physical versions of both completed forms to the IRS in the second week of February afterbeing notified of the situation. I received my next correspondence dated March 15, 2016, that the IRS had in fact received the proper information and to allow for 45 days for further processing and that no action on my behalf was necessary. Ive visited the local IRS office several times now, the most recent being on May 8th, in which very little info is provided to me and the same lingo is spieled my way which is "they're just very backed up and to allow for more time..." The online tool, where's my refund as well as the automated phone service simply states that my return is still being processed and a date will be provided when available. I'm becoming frustrated more and more not so much about the lack of funds, but more so the lack of information and/or projection of when the waiting will be over and I should expect to receive my $2,000+ refund. Is there any light that can be shed on my situation to provide some kind of something in terms of information that's actually relevant?!?  

The IRS has your return and only the IRS could provide any answer.The only outside help that you might get would be from the tax advocate service.https://www.irs.gov/Advocate  


My daughter came in US last year, so I have to submit federal tax return with ITIN request by paper only.Now, I got ITIN, but I want to use turbo tax to file state tax electronically.Is it possible?  

Sorry you can only mail the state if you mailed the federal.  There are new security rules in place.  You can only efile a state return if the federal was efiled and accepted.  


download fee  

You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need some help on a few lines.  #1: What do I put in line 3 Column B?  #2. What do I put on line 16?  #3. What is I place on line 18 and 19?  Now I know that I owe $1392 as I got a refund of $5298 but it should have been only $3906 after adding the left off income and taxes withheld.  I would appreciate if you help me with these items as I want to get this amendment filed and out of my hair for this year.  Thank you very much.  

to do an amendment you need the original return, and the revised return, side by side.If you are doing it manually, refer to the Instructions for Form 1040X at www.irs.gov. It is pretty straight forward.If you are using TurboTAX, the idea is  to revise your return and TurboTAX will generate the Form 1040X for you.  


When I log in to my account, the only action that is available is to download or print my return as a .pdf file.  

Sorry you can't do that in online version.  You only can do that in the Desktop CD/Download program.If you are using the Online version, do NOT change anything on your return.  You would have to start with a new account and do a test return.  You don't have to pay unless you want to print it out.  You can go though the Estimated Tax section which will prepare estimated payments for next year.  That may help you calculate what you might owe.  See the Turbo Tax answer on this post,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3323888-estimate-2016-taxes If you are using the Desktop Software there is also a What-if worksheet. Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right (left for Mac). Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet.  Or you can copy your file with another name and test in the copy.  Go to FILE-SAVE AS.  


I need a copy of my 2010 return for my 2015 taxes and it is NOT on my tax timeline. I need to know how to access it. Thanks!  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have filed tax return jointly with my wife who does not have any SSN/ITIN. Last week I received a CP11 notice from IRS stating that, We dont allow your spouses personal exemption because your spouses: SSN or ITIN was missing. ...  It would be very helpful if you could answer my questions,1. Want should I do to get an ITIN for my wife and how to notify it IRS? 2. As I have read ITIN could take about 6-8 weeks to be approved, how should I approach to IRS that I have applied for ITIN? (as they gave me a time limit to pay her exempted amount)Thnaks,  

https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/General-ITIN-Informationhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw7.pdf  


Can I please receive a call from Turbo Tax customer support?Phone number: [Removed]  

TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I mistakenly commited a typo with my bank name.  Added an extra L.  Will the IRS fix this or will it delay my return?  

The bank name doesnt matter.  As long as the routing and account number are correct, youre fine.  


I cannot find my 2015 Tax return documents on Turbotax even though I filed with them and the sent them to Federal and State  How do I find this info?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Also cannot get into my account which I could yesterday.  

You are in the US site right now.   Canada    http://turbotax.intuit.ca/tax-software/index.jspCanada Support   https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


I have a student loan interest deduction.  

Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3334211-i-need-to-file-fed-state-for-2010-2011-2013-how-do-i-go-ab...  


the help answers stated there was an option for this....i can't seem to find it....  

How did you do federal?  You can only efile the state if the federal was efiled and accepted first from the same account.  If not you will have to mail the state.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4232481  


Do we need to submit a 2nd Amended return?  

A VERY common mistake that people make is filing an amended return before the original has processed. This causes everything to go in to a weird status. You may need to go in to your local IRS office or call them (i recommend a personal visit)  for assistance. Bring your original and amended returns with you.  


I am out of town. Before I left, my printer stopped working and I need to mail in a hard copy to the IRS.  When I get back I'd like to have it there to mail.  

Or you can log into your TT account ,and print it at (say) a friend or family members home that has a printer.  


I did file 2015 taxes with Turbotax and State and Feds accepted them  Why can't I find them when I log into Turbotax?  

If you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page. 


OLD COMPUTER BROKE DOWN BEFORE I FINISHED FILING.  

That's right.  Programs can not be transferred, they have to be installed.  You can download it again the same way you did it the first time.If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download If you can't find your download, use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/See this article on how to move your tax return to another computer.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901474-move-your-tax-return-to-a-different-computer After you get the program reinstalled the first thing to do before you open your tax return is to update the program and install any state programs you had. Then open your file. So you first might need to start a fake return to be able to download the state program (go to FILE - NEW).You reinstall the federal program -> run update -> download the state program -> run update. Then make sure the .tax2014 file is moved to new computer. Do not Open that file from the transfer medium. Do you have your tax return file?  It ends in .tax2015.  You need that to open in the program.  Or you will have to start all over. 


A self-employed, solo attorney has owned his home for 15 years and works on his law practice in one room of the house. However, the attorney accepts very few clients and uses that room for business purposes less than half the time (more than half the time, the room is just used for reading, internet browsing, etc.) The attorney has never claimed a home office deduction or any depreciation for the room. Now, he is selling his home, and the gross profit will probably be less than $100,000. Does the partial use of the room for business purposes affect how he must calculate taxes on the sale of the home?  

Since he never claimed a deduction for business use of his home, and he never claimed depreciation, it does not affect the tax on the sale of his home. 


can you email the form to pay my La. State tax again?  Thanks!![personal info removed]  

You can pay directly here:https://www.officialpayments.com/pc_template_standard.jsp;jsessionid=0qSdOuu7szTt9nekRDKFoI1z.worker...  


Turbo tax didn't show that I didn't show health care coverage until after I submitted it  

\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n  


Turbo Tax is providing FALSE information about Health Coverage exemption. They state the following, quote: "If you have applied for any of the following immigration statuses, you . . . have to pay the penalty for going without health insurance in 2015: . . . Asylum (only if youve been granted employment authorization . . . )" . This is NOT CORRECT! ! ! An applicant with a pending asylum application is exempt from the penalty. Here is the lawyer's opininon about this: https://www.avvo.com/legal-answers/does-an-asylum-applicant-have-to-get-a-health-care-2587147.html  

is under [age] 14 and has had an\napplication for asylum pending for at least 180 days.https://marketplace.cms.gov/applications-and-forms/exemption-application-instructions.pdf  


I used the online software for one reason, so I could file electronically. I went through the entire process and then I ended up paying almost $120 for nothing. After I paid I was directed to finish up by printing out my taxes and mailing them in. I could have done that myself to begin with. Also, there was an error that the bullet proof software didn't catch. Because of this error I have still not received my tax return. I submitted it through mail in mid February and received a letter stating that there was a error in a calculation and that if I agreed to the adjustment to just wait 4-6 more weeks and I would see my return. It has been over 8 weeks since that correspondence. I want my money back. Here is the kicker my annual income qualifies for free file.  

Efiling is free in the online products.  The fees are for use of the online software to prepare the return whether efiled or printed.  I dont know why it didnt let you efile; that could probably have been resolved prior to filing either here in the forum or through TurboTax Support..In any case, this is mainly a user community forum.  To discuss any account-specific fee issues, you will need to phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I am planning on coming to the U.S. in July 2016 and think thats when my residency begins. I do not think I need to file a 1040 but Im not sure.  

Since you did not earn any income in the US, you do not need to file a return. 


We tried loading the Timeline but no history appears.  

If you used Online TurboTax that year and cant find the return in the 2013 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


Is there any way to defer (or reduce) the $25,000 loss (described as the Special Allowance for Rental Real Estate with Active Participation, on Form 8582)?  Id like to save this loss for a year in which our taxable income is higher.  If we take the loss this year, our exemptions will exceed our income (joint return).Im aware that we can file separate returns (to avoid taking the $25,000 loss), but this will lead to additional taxes (that we wouldnt have to pay, filing jointly).The loss is cumulative, from prior years when we could not take it.  IRS publications seem to indicate that the rental loss can be taken (if conditions are met).  However, I have not seen any publication which states that the loss must be taken.  

No.  If the rental loss can be taken, it can't be deferred to a future tax year. 


It seems legit - the company appears to be real. They basically say everything is done through a secure server, and turbo tax gets the information - they handle the logistics and don't even see my personal info. Anybody else heard of this?  

we have no affiliation with any outside surveyors.  


There doesn't seem to be a way to access the documents. The message that pops up says to pay for them, but does not provide a place to do so.  

You dont have to actually finish and file a 2015 online return to unlock the 2013 tax documents.  You just have to minimally start the 2015 return and pay for it in advance.   If you havent started a 2015 online return, the minimum purchase is Free Edition with the PLUS upgrade (29.99).   Or you can start out in a higher edition if you plan to use Deluxe or higher to later prepare your 2015 return.Be sure you are in the same account as the locked returns--that you can see the 2013 returns in the 2013 Tax Timeline of that account.\nThen start a 2015 online return in Free Edition (or higher).\nOnce the return is started and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you can click on Upgrade at the top (no need to Upgrade if you originally started in Deluxe or higher.)   If youre in Free Edition, choose the PLUS upgrade if thats the one you want.\nThen you have to pay.  With the return open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return, and it should prompt you for payment.\n 


I was told that I was missing the Federal Tax withheld on line 40 for the paper version.  

1040X can only be filed on paper and mailed in for processing.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


At the top left of this page, it says "Federal Free Edition"; elsewhere it says if I use Federal Free Edition, the state return is free. So why are you charging me for the state return?  

We dont know what page you are looking at or where you are seeing that at this point in time.That edition is called Federal Free Edition, because it is the Federal\n return that is free.  Earlier in the year there was a promo that \noffered free State as well, but that has expired.  TurboTax has 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return.  It is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jspTurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (will likely require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition  


If i refinance into a VA loan and have a funding fee, and it is paid partial, or in full by my new lender, can i claim that amount on my taxes.  

Not sure what a "funding fee" is.  If itemizing your deductions, you can deduct mortgage interest paid, real estate (property) taxes and points/loan origination fees paid by you.   On a refinance, the points are amortized over the life of the loan.  Any other fees get added to the basis (purchase price) of the house, to compute any profit when it comes time to sell.  


I cleared out the form and started again, tried a new user ID, and tried downloading the one from last year.  (I've used Deluxe every year, and nothing changed this year.)  The site refused to let me access this product.  How do I obtain a refund?  I believe the state filing process was higher as a result as well.  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open M-F 8-5 Pacific Time  


the first one had ,ore information on it I need  

Do you have multiple accounts and cant find the right one?To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


Is TurboTax Business ignoring 2014 IRS guidance (CCA 201436049) in determining if LLC income is subject to self-employment taxes? I and my wife have a plain-vanilla LLC for our services business. We are each limited partners and actively involved in providing the services (each work more than 500 hours/year). None of the LLCs income, however, is distributed as guaranteed payments. Each of us receives equal distributive shares of the LLCs income. I understand that this is a somewhat murky area of tax law. But TurboTax Business seems to come down clearly on the side of not treating the distributive income of our limited partners as subject to self-employment tax. That is, each of our K-1s shows no income on Line 14 unless we characterize ourselves as general partners, which we are not. Am I correct in that understanding of how TurboTax Business is treating this question? And if so, what happens if we are audited by the IRS - can we successfully defend ourselves from underpayment penalties because we relied on a TurboTax interpretation that neither of us owes self-employment tax on our LLC income?  

Turbotax follows the entries on Schedule K-1.  The amount of income that is self-employment income is shown in Block 14 (Self-employment earnings (loss)).  If your income is not included there, then the program will not consider it self-employment income as the individual who prepared the partnership return did not consider it self-employment income.  


Tried getting State for 2009 but wouldn't connect at first, 2nd attempt said the charge $39.99 for State download. I don't know if I downloaded State when I started the return but I can't find any State Tax file on computer. What do I search for to find 2009 State download on PC? And how do I file my State for 2009?  

If you purchased that program from Turbotax you must have done it some time ago.  Years 2011 for federal or state are not available.  2009 has not been available for two years. 


line 40 is 27,000. I may need to take 60,000 out of an IRA this year with all things the same will this push me to pay ATM?  

Im going to guess the references to line 38 and line 40 pertain to the Form 1040, and that why was i able to skip ATM means that when you got to the first page of the AMT interview you were told Based on your information so far, you dont have to pay the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT).If my guesses are correct all I can say is that TurboTax is constantly calculating AMT in the background as you enter all the regular tax information and comes to that conclusion based on your own entries.  Offhand, and assuming that there are no AMT preference items included in that $157K, I wouldnt expect that youd be subject to AMT.  I would think you could go to Form 6251 and decide that for yourself.  (I dont use the online version of TurboTax.  In the desktop version of TurboTax that I do use you can look at any tax form or schedule, even if that form or schedule is not part of your as filed income tax return.  Im assuming you can do the same thing in the online version.)As far as your question about taking $60K out of your IRA and whether that will cause you to run afoul of the AMT, you can best answer that question yourself.  The easy way would be to take your 2015 income tax return an add $60K of income reported on a 1099-R and see if the AMT pops up.(Again, not using the online version of TurboTax I assume you can do this without messing up your as filed income tax return.  Check to make sure thats the case.)Tom Young  


In Missouri due to the storms IRS gave an extension to residents of effected counties for 2015 taxes to May 16th. I need to file for an extension beyond this but turbo tax will not allow me, how do I get around this?  

There is no extension available beyond that.Just file your return as soon as you can. There is no penalty if you are due a refund.  


How do I include all that in the forms?  

You only pay taxes on money earned while a resident of the United States.   The system will ask you the appropriate questions to determine residency.  


IRS is asking for a copy of my state return but cannot figure out how to print it.  

These instructions dont work?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


i need help who can i call  

The IRS error code is telling you that the PIN number or the 2014 AGI for your electronic signature in the File section of the TurboTax program is incorrect according to the information that the IRS has in their database.  You may have to print and mail your tax return if the return keeps getting rejected by the IRS.See this TurboTax support FAQ for this IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899926-e-file-rejection-errors-ind-031-02-or-ind-032-02-primarypr...  


I already filed my taxes this year. I downloaded and printed out 2015 return but there was so option to pay for my upgrade or anything.  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - if the option for TurboTax Plus is grayed out then you are probably already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


When will I receive my refund for 2015 I had only received part of it  

Did you have TT fees deducted from it? If not, the IRS will be sending you a letter about why your refund was changed.  


program went into a cycling mode and had to reset.  

Paying TT fees does not file the return.,  You must go all the way through the File tab and hit the Transmit button.  


??  

Did you pay it as indicated here:http://www.dor.state.nc.us/collect/payment.html  


How do I amend a return that has our rental income listed as self employment?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


I just checked my account and this amount was not drawn out although Turbo Tax indicated that it was.  Please explain what happened and if I misread something.                                                                  Thank You,  

Not all states permit this to be done via TT. Look at the File tab in your PA return. It gives you the states options to pay your taxes due.  


A revised 1099-R will not be provided.  The total annuity was returned including the taxes paid rather then the received amount.  

Because it occurred in 2016, the transaction will be part of the 2016 information even though it was for 2015 income. You should discuss this the plan administrator now to make sure you both are on the same page as to the correct amounts etc... 


Please attempt to correct this for 2016  

As you work through your Alabama return, watch for the page titled About Your Retirement Distributions.  It will list your 1099-R forms, with the option to edit next to each.  Select the edit button next to the military retirement, then reply yes to the question on the following page.  That should exempt your military retirement from Alabama taxes.  


Everytime I try to get a copy of my tax return to reprint or download, I only get that first page that tells me what I need to do, but I never get an actual copy of my tax return. I need this so I can verify my ID with the IRS.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


My refund was close to 4k which wouldve been a substantial help. Also if Im behind on child support why didnt they hold my money for that? I have no idea where my refund went but I was sure I got a letter saying it was held for my student loans.  

Please visit the https://www.irs.gov/Refunds. You\nwill need your social security #, filing status, and amt of refund.  As\nyou proceed, there will be a message shows if the refund is offset. If the refund\nis offset, the IRS will mail a letter within two weeks. \n\nGenerally, if you\nhave defaulted student loans that\nhave been assigned to a collections agency, your taxes will likely be withheld\nby the IRS to pay off a portion of your debt.  The law states the IRS must\nprovide you with a proposed offset, and the opportunity for you to review your\nloan records.  This notice would be sent to you via mail, at the best\naddress that the IRS is able to find for you.  If you never receive this\nletter, it is not grounds for challenging the tax offset, although you can\nchallenge the offset for other reasons as you will see below.\n\nThe IRS provides a toll\nfree number which you can call, go through the automated prompts, and see if\nyou have any offsets pending under your social security\nnumber.  Their number is (800)304-3107. 


Does this line of inquiry commence once you have stopped paying AMT or have I missed something in filling out my return?  

You have 2 separate questions there ...  form 8801 & 8606If you are subject to the AMT then you will need to complete the 8801 manually to enter the correct amount on the 6251  as the program falls short on that subject.....  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3027712-i-don-t-have-form-8801And did you really mean the form 8606?  If you did then it only comes into play in the years you either make non deductible contributions or any distributions or roll overs.  


TurboTax shows it was refunded to my credit card however when I go to the IRS it shows it was sent to a bank account I no longer have   Now what?  

It goes to the bank that issues the NetSpend card first.  


owe money on last years tax,received information on due by October. will that dues still hold up my refund for this year  

If you owe back taxes, the IRS will take that from any current refund you are due..  


how do I access It's Deductible to entery charity donations for 2016??  

https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/ 


I completed my amendment but could not get my printer to print it. The printer is functional and I need to send the paper to IRS.  

You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down.  


I am using a laptop, I have already followed the advice in previous posts to no avail. I can only edit my account settings, no option or way for me to get to tools-delete a form  

You have to either started or continued your TurboTax online 2015 tax return for the options under My Account to be available.When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return 


A tax advocate told us to mail it in and not efile so we will get our refund this year where we filed a hard ship  

A lot of times, if you are on an active case with the Taxpayers Advocates Office (TAO), they may have you send the return directly to them for special processing where they can issue you a manual refund. The best thing you can do is to contact your advocate directly and get direct guidance from them.  


no  

If you are comparing the Online versions to the retail Desktop program they are different and have different pricing structures.  What version does Walmart have for $49?  If it is Deluxe you have to check if it is the Deluxe that includes a state.  Some Deluxe in the stores do not have a state (for states without an income tax).  If you buy the Desktop CD/Download program directly from Turbo Tax it includes the state program.  You can see the Desktop versions here to compare to Walmart,https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/But usually the stores do have it cheaper so buy  where you can get the best price.Here's some differences between the Online version and the Desktop CD/Download program.Online web version is only good for 1 return, federal and state are separate charges,  It is free to start, you pay when you file or if you want to print.  Price is determined at the time you pay.  You can pay anytime like if you want to lock in an early discounted price. You can not see the forms until you pay and print them out.   Online versions do not have the same forms so you may need to use a higher version to enter something.   Online returns are stored online and after Oct each year you might not have access to it.  So you should save and download both  the .tax and .pdf files each year to your computer.  You can check out Online here,   https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  The Desktop CD/Download program can do unlimited returns and you can efile 5 federal for free and Deluxe and above comes with 1 free state program download to prepare unlimited state returns but each state return (including the first one) is 19.99 (goes up to 24.99 in March) to efile or you can print and mail it for free.  You can see and enter directly into the actual forms.  Desktop has a What-If worksheet.  Your return is kept on your own computer so you will always have access to it in the future like if you need a copy or need to amend it.  And other features.  Oh, and you can use a lower version because all the Desktop programs have all the same forms. You can see the Desktop CD/Download programs here, https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/  


he was a student and I filed his 1040 and NYStax returns for him  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I received a late 1099-Q for 2015 how do I amend my 2015 return to reflect this 1099-Q?  

Most people do not need to report a 1099-Q  (so an amended return is usually not necessary) if the distribution was used, fully, for qualified educational expenses.If the you claimed the tuition credit and/or the student received tax free scholarships, you may have to adjust the  amount of the 529 plan distribution that qualifies for tax free treatment. See details at https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2662573-where-do-i-enter-1099-q?jump_to=answer_4402991For amending instructions, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


I owe a little over a thousand and thought I requested to set up a payment arrangement.  

If you did not transmit your tax return or it was rejected you can open your account and finish up now. You can still efile 2015 until October.  Check your status here. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf the time has passed for your first payment you can make a payment here https://www.irs.gov/Payments  


am I able to combine information from an old account to a new account? I somehow set up two accounts.  

Sorry, but they cannot be combined. Pick one and stick with it. 


return my call please I would like to speak with someone [removed]  

Nobody here will call you other then scammers.You can ask a question in this forum (do not post any personal information) or call TurboTax tomorrow when they are open.You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Who can I contact. Ive called many numbers and keep getting hung up on.  

Be sure to so your identification verify that is holding up MILLIONS of tax returns this year at https:// idverify.irs.gov/IE/e-authenticate/OR# 1-800-830-5084Im gonna miss my daughter graduation because of this set back..ITS THE WORST :-(Hope this helps others!! 


I have tried updating my version of browser but still unable to use the download on this computer. Can I do it on another computer and not have to pay twice for the download?  

Here are the Mac System Requirementshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899173-turbotax-for-mac-system-requirements  


I claimed them last year with no issues  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


I may have a different pass word I dont remember or what dont know and of course I needed them yesterday.. my email is (personal info removed) please contact me so I can print my 2014 taxes without going through IRS if necessary. Thank you very Much.  

If you did both returns on a single user name you would have written over the first return with the second and destroyed it. If you established a new user you can recover your user name https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


I own a business approximately 100 miles from my home both are in the same state. My total commute is 3-4 hours per day. If I rent a room near my business to cut down on the commute, and keep my primary home, can I write it off the rental through my business?  

No. Thats a personal choice and not business related.For details, see similar questions at https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586426-can-i-deduct-living-and-travel-expenses-while-working-at-a...\n\n \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566731-husband-working-and-living-in-washington-i-am-maintaining-home-in-arizona-is-he-considered-on-temporary-assignment-where-we-can-deduct-his-living-expense 


I need to efile my 2014 school district tax  

You cannot efile 2014 now. It must be printed and mailed.  


I just tried upgrading, but still see no way to PAY BEFORE completing 2015, although I need to be sure my 2014 returns were COMPLETE.  

How to pay for 2015,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-feesYou go up to My Account and Print Center and say you want to print 2015 and it will make you pay first. 


I did not include my premium tax credit (PTC) form (8962) with my original tax return. My refund was accepted but the IRS sent a letter saying they needed form 8962.   Is there anyway to include the form and update my 1040 tax return using my turbo tax account?  

Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


Can I use Turbo Tax to file CA (540NR) for 2014  

\n\n\nAt the time, I was helping my daughter take care of the the kids as she went back to school while her husband was deployed. I am a resident of Nevada but used her address so I can get the IRA distribution check directly.\n\nireneinvegas a minute ago\n\n\n\n\n  


IRS has requested a form 8962 how do I have turbo tax fill it out  

Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I've misplaced my W2's from 2015, but since I've already filed with TurboTax, is there a way to provide me with the information I submitted?  

TurboTax does not have a\ncopy of the W-2 even if you imported it.   It would only have a Wage and Tax Statement\nworksheet that includes the information from the imported or keyed in W-2 and\nemulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax\nreturn if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax\nyear the return was completed.  The\nWorksheet has all the information from your W-2 but it is not an exact copy of\nthe W-2.\n\nIf you cannot obtain the\nW-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a\nW-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836\n\nYou can get a free Wage and\nIncome transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf  however it will not have the State\ninformation on it.\n\nSee this IRS website for\ntranscripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nFor a fee of $50 you can\nget a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by\ncompleting Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf\n\nSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html\n\n  


I needed to use the downloadable version due to certain forms not being available online. I have the file on my desktop from the online return for 2015 that I would like to finish in the downloaded version. It will not accept the .tax2015 extension.  

When you go to Help - About does it say 2015 or 2014?  If you have 2015 it may be trying to find a 2014 file to transfer from.   You don't transfer or import your .tax2015 file.  You just OPEN it.  Did you try FILE - OPEN?  Did you download the .tax2015 from online?  Otherwise if you really got the 2014 program, Contact Customer Service to get the right one.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I have a loan which i used to purchase partnership shares in the company. In 2015 I payed $18,750,00 for interest on my loan for $625,000.00. I payed a principle amount of $125,000.00 with the total combined payout of $143,750.00  

Try entering the full donation, go to the Forms view and see what showed up on 104-CR.  If it isnt half that full donation, then you should go back (or change it right there), to the correct amount of credit.  


I got a letter from the IRS stating that I underpaid my quarterly estimated taxes for 2015.  I used TurboTax to file my 2014 taxes and the worksheet for estimating what my quarterly payments should be in 2015.  I entered the quarterly taxes paid in TurboTax this year, but the amount I paid and entered DOES NOT match Line 65 on my 1040.  Why would these numbers not match?!  Because the numbers do not match, I did not pay enough tax. I paid the amount TurboTax indicated I owed.  So, now, I owe penalties on top of the underpaid tax.Any help would be appreciated.  Thank you.  

One possibility for the error is that you inadvertently entered a payment you made in 2015 that was actually for your 2014 taxes.  Many people make their 4th quarter payment for a particular year in January of the following year.  


I did my taxes a day or two after April 18th and was expected to get a fair amount of money on in return. I know for a fact that I completed them, but the website doesn't seem to display anything and only offers for me to start on my 2015 taxes.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


The 1099-MISC forms were from the same Payer.  

You have problems ... did the payer really withhold federal taxes in the same amount as what they paid you?  Not sure how that can happen but if they sent another 1099 then you must amend the return to make the proper corrections in your income if you havent already entered that amount on your Sch C.  


I need the copy for a mortgage loan application  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Is there a way to find my 2014 tax return online?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Should I just sign it and date it as today's date? I'm worried the IRS won't accept it because it's not the original signature like they requested.  

Yes, you have to sign your signature on page 2.  It wont print with a signature on it. 


Apparently Dad was to get a refund which has not yet been received.  We're trying to locate his return so we can follow up.  

TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  You will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for this situation.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I own a home outside of Los Angeles County which is my primary residence.  I also rent an apartment in Los Angeles that I maintain only for its utility in our business.  My wife uses the apartment space as a photo studio and office.  I use the apartment space as a recording studio and office.  We frequently make trips to our LA apartment to work.  So can we deduct 100% of the apartment just as we would a standard office?  Does it make any difference if we sometimes sleep there?  Since the primary purpose of the apartment is an office and not travel lodging, does it matter if our work goes beyond 1 year?  Thanks.  

The\n bottom line is, we use the apartment like an office, and I dont know \nif the IRS will look at it differently than an office, simply because \nits typically residential. No one here could predict how the IRS would look at it but, based on your description, I would present it on your tax return as rent on business property, the same as if you were renting an office from a separate vendor.  With a deduction such as that, nothing beats good records that are often other than financial records.  I would keep a detailed contemporaneous log of each time the apartment is used and for what purpose.  


i need to print it out but i can't get axis to it.when i click for my tax timeline it takes me to file a new 2015 tax.what can i do?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I currently have a capital loss of $10,012. I was wondering can I subtract the allotted limit of $3k from my Wage/Salary of $25,333.20 to get to $22,333.20. The system recognizes that I have a loss but does not seem to be giving me deduction on my Federal income. Please help soon as possible and email at [Removed]  

One suggestion:  Is it possible that you are already having all tax paid in through withholding or other means refunded?  If you are, a deduction such as a capital loss will not refund any more as you already have it all back.  


what is my AGI?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I just filed for 2015 and then realized I was never prompted to do a Form 8962 for my Premium Tax Credit. I wasnt asked for any information from my 1095-A, but I did answer the question Yes as to having marketplace healthcare insurance. Was that all automatically calculated behind the scenes for me? Im confused. Please advise. Thanks  

Its not calculated behind the scenes. You have to enter your 1095-A. Its not clear why you didnt get the screen to enter it. After it asks you if you had a Marketplace plan, there are a couple more screens before it actually tells you to enter the 1095-A. Maybe you didnt select Obamacare plan (1095-A), or somehow jumped to another place in the interview.In any case, you will have to correct your tax return. If you e-filed, first wait to see if your e-file is accepted. If its rejected you can add the 1095-A at the same time that you correct whatever caused the rejection, and then resubmit it. If your e-file is accepted, or you filed by mail, wait until your return has been processed. You will probably get a letter from the IRS asking for your 1095-A, Form 8962, and a revised second page of your tax return. Follow the instructions in the letter carefully. See the instructions in the FAQ at the following link for details about how to respond to the IRS letter. In the FAQ click the link for the type of TurboTax software that you are using: Online or CD/Download.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571Also read the information on the IRS web site by clicking the link in the FAQ that says Understanding Your Letter 0012C.If your return is processed (you get your refund) without getting a letter, then you will have to file an amended return to add the 1095-A and Form 8962. You can post a new question here if you need help filing an amended return. I wont go into the details now, because you will most likely get the letter from the IRS.  


will not let me purchase "plus," the website, on my computer is not showing me the upgrade button.  

Before paying make\nsure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns.\n\nThere will not be an\nUpgrade link unless the 2015 return is open.  Heres how to open your 2015\nreturn back up. \n\n\n Log in and go to your 2015 Tax\n     Timeline.\n Scroll down to Some\n     things you can do.\n\n Choose Add a\n     State. (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return\n     to open up.)\n Once the return is open and\n     past the blue Simple and accurate screen, there should be an\n     Upgrade link at the top.\n Click Upgrade and the minimum\n     purchase is the Upgrade to PLUS (29.99).\n After upgrading, then you must\n     pay.  Click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\n Choose Print/save/view this\n     years return.  (yes, you must say this years in\n     order to pay.)\n It should then prompt you for\n     payment.\n  


Social Security Earnings were $33,590.00 on Federal.  TTx only carried $28,552.00 to state return.  Will affect state refund.  

Because it only carries the taxable portion of the SS benefits as required.  Review the federal return and the state return to see how that is handled. 


Can I get access to the 1040 form since I can't use the 1041?  

\n\nYou need to purchase a personal version separately.To prepare a corporate, trust or\npartnership return you would need the TurboTax Business version. Business will prepare Forms 1120-S\nfor S-Corporations, Forms 1120 for C-Corporations, Forms 1041 for Estate or\nTrusts, and Forms 1065 for Partnerships. \n\nTo prepare a personal return, depending\non its complexity, you will need a version that prepares Forms 1040.  If you have a Schedule K-1 from either a Form\n1120-S, Form 1065 or Form 1041 you will need either the Premier version or (if\nyou also have an unincorporated business) the Home and Business version if you\nprepare your return on-line.  For desktop\nprograms, Deluxe can also handle a Schedule K-1.\n\n 


Using Online Free version.When I input the office in home expenses the page calculates the entire amt of my income as an office in home expense instead of just my business portion of office in home expenses.HELP  

Generally, you would not include your daughters income on your tax return. If you are claiming your daughter as a dependent on your tax return, then she will still need to file her own tax return if she had more than $5,800 of earned income (like wages from a job) or more than $950 of unearned income (like investment income from interest or dividends).  In this case, if the only income she had was the $300, then she would not need to file a tax return.   However, if there was some withholding from her paycheck, she may want to file his return anyway, to get the withholding refunded. For more information, please see page 4 of IRS Publication 501:http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdfAlso see:http://www.irs.gov/publications/p929/ar02.html#en_US_2011_publink1000203740  


need password  

From the sign on screen, choose I forgot my password link right in the box.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/  


where is it?  

You wont see an exemption number on a 1040EZ.If youre single, and took your own exemption,  youll see 10300 on Line 5. This would be the equivalent of 1 exemption.If you didnt take your own exemption, youll see $6300 on Line 5.  This would be the equivalent of 0 exemptions. 


My Federal tax refund was received within a week but State tax refund has not been received after 7 weeks. What steps do I need to do?  

First check to confirm that your state was filed and accepted ....Check Your E-File\nStatus on this Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\n\n\n\n\nThen check your states site for the progress ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n\n\n  


I accidently entered the wrong bank account number by one digit.  

What if I entered the wrong bank\naccount for direct deposit?\n\nOnce your return has been accepted (or mailed), its too late to change\nyour bank account for direct deposit.\n\nIf the info you provided is\nfor a closed or invalid account, the government will just mail you a refund\ncheck.\n\nAnd if the info you entered\nhappens to be someone elses account, dont worry  banks wont deposit tax\nrefunds into accounts where the names dont match up.\n\nNow, if your recently-filed\nreturn is in pending status, wait until its either accepted\nor rejected.\n\n        \nIf rejected, simply open your return in TurboTax and go\nthrough the File section\nagain to update your bank account before re-submitting your return (dont\nforget to also take care of whatever problem caused the rejection).\n\n        \nIf accepted, youll get your refund check in the mail. 


The Irs is holding our return for 2015 because they say we haven"t filed our 2011 taxes.  We had this issue before, and completed filing, and paid what we owed.  Now the same issue is happening again, and I can't find proof of filing the 2011 taxes?  

Proof of filing is irrelevant if the IRS says they dont have the return ... best you can do is print another copy and send it to them with the proof that you paid the balance due. You said we ... did you by chance switch places in the heading (taxpayer & spouse) by any chance ... this confuses the IRS when you do so it is always best to not switch when filing a joint return. TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639  


Any tips on what to do?  

Heres how to pay for your product that you upgraded.  Make sure the locked returns are in the same account first.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nSince TurboTax thinks you finished, there will not be a take me to my return button.\nSo instead, scroll to Some things you can do.\n\nClick Add a State. (you dont really add one; that just opens the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, go to MY ACCOUNT at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER, then Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must choose this years)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.\n\n  


I have receipts from thrift stores I donated to in 2015. How do I file these for tax return? I signed up for ItsDeductible and inputted my donations, however I was unable to move forward without being prompted to "sign up" and pay for something. Please help!  

Those are itemized deductions.  You only get to deduct them if all your deductions are more than the standard deduction.  For Single the standard deduction is 6,300, for Married Joint it is 12,600.  Yes if you want to fill out Schedule A for Itemized you need to upgrade to Deluxe.  The Free Edition doesn't have deductions. 


How do I access my tax returns from the last two years?  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639  


Your form will not allow me to select "None of the above" I cannot go further on my taxes as there is an error on your form.  

\n\nYeah ... that is temporarily broken ... you have 2 options .... first just go forward clicking adopted then ignore the adoption credit questions later in the interview .... OR .... back up and delete the dependent and enter them again this time ignore that section as it is not needed.\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


I am filing with Turbo Tax for the first time.I thought I was done.Then I realized that I did not enter an income for 2015, the year I am filing for.I don't have a W2 bc I'm self employed.But it's still showing I get a refund!I am confused.Thank you.  

To get to Schedule C in\nTurboTax Home & Business:\n\n1. Go to Business at\nthe top of the screen\n\n2. Select Continue then\nIll choose what I work on\n\n3. Select Start next to\nBusiness Income and Expenses\n\n4. Proceed to enter your business\ninformation and answer the interview questions\n\n5. When you get to the Your\nBusiness page: Business\nProfile, Business Income and Expenses, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold etc., this is Schedule C  


when I log onto turbotax it takes me straight to setup even though im logged in  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n 


i used the free on and now i need to print it out for child support tomorrow and it wont even show anything. or download anything.  

To print a return you\nhave already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:\n\n1.  Sign in to TurboTax Online, \n\n2.  Click Taxes\n\n3.  Click My Tax Timeline\n\n4.  Scroll down to 2015 tax year and look for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO\n\n5.  Click Download all forms and\nworksheets under your 2015 tax return You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


i purchased the 2014 Louisiana return and not in my downloads  

You cant purchase a prior year return in the online edition. The state forms are an attachment to the federal program so you would have to purchase, or already own the 2014 federal program. Most of the versions of the download programs have one free state included. If you meant 2015 it would be listed in your online account not in your downloads. Log in and see if it is there.  


The only thing I can figure is that I make too much, but that doesnt seem likely.  

Look at the form 8863 to see what is being allowed or not ... although if there is scholarships or grants in box 5 that exceed the tuition & fees so you have nothing for the credit to use.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301923 


I went to the IRS page but they could not provide any information.  

Several states are experiencing delays this year due to increased security checks and fraud prevention.  The FAQ below has a link that will tell you about the known states.Double-check that your state return was efiled successfully and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspTo track your state return, click on your state in the following FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


My filed my daughter on my taxes but forgot to add my granddaughter. Both were living with me and both I supported, how do I add my granddaughter to previously filed taxes  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064  


Stepped through the entire process using TurboTax basic (free) and saw when all was said and done, I had a $29.99 charge. I felt like I was duped into a non-basic package.  

You must have misread the page about the PLUS feature ... After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax Online fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you\nupgraded to a more full-featured version like PLUS or better, added a state,\nand/or chose one or more optional services such as Refund Processing or Audit\nDefense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4241406  


I want to purchase my sisters 50% of our parents home place, including land, home & small rental mobile home park for my daughter (only child) and her children to live. Deed would be jointly between me and daughter. What are the tax consequences and/or benefits for me and my sister?  

Use the value of the property at the time it was inherited as the basis. Then, you can determine if your sister made, lost or broke even or the sale (using 50% of the basis as her interest in the property). You would have no tax consequences directly from the purchase. 


I would like to move to Vermont, but am not sure about the burden of higher state taxes.  

http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/state-taxes-vermont.aspx 


i need know whuch down load or cd to buy turbo tax that has  personal w2 and a rental property and small business so i can do all three.. for 2013 i havent done yet all other yrs i have used turbo tax..  

Oh, for 2013?  (you put 2003 at the top).  Actually in the Desktop Download version they all have all the same forms so you can use any version.  But Premier will have the most help for rental and Home&Business for self employment.  You saw them here?  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/But let's check about your small business.  Do you need to file a schedule C in your personal return or need to do a separate Business return like a 1065 or 1120 S corp?  Then you would also need to buy Turbo Tax Business which is a separate program from Home & Business.  


I hope I don't owe a late fee, can i get a credit on what I paid you guys to take care for me?  It was 94.98  

Paying the TT fees doesnt automatically file the returns ... you must proceed to the end of the FILE tab and transmit both the federal & state returns as the interview clearly instructs you to do.  If you have not yet filed you still can so do so now by logging in and completing the FILE tab fully. If you are getting a refund there are no penalties however if you owe then expect the IRS to send you a bill for any penalties & interest on the unpaid balance due.  


my child is not adopted  

Will this help?  There is a bug on that screenhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


Has anyone else not received what they paid for.  

Perhaps TT is thinking you did not purchase an online version of TT.  If you bought TT on a disk from a retailer, then your TT program should have been saved on your PC somewhere.  Hopefully you saved a pdf copy somewhere on your PC also. Have you looked for it on your PC?  I am not 100% certain exactly what file it is you are wanting to retrieve, but if it is the pdf copy of your return, hopefully you saved it on your PC.  If it is the actual work file you entered your data into TT, then that work file should be retrievable on your PC when you bring up your TT 2013 tax program file.  I hope this helps answer your question.  


When I submitted my e-file to the IRS, I put the wrong birthday and so the efile rejected. I realized that I have forgotten to include a portion of my income, so my amount owed changed and now I cant resubmit via efile since the amount authorized in the credit card is different and the efile is giving me an error because of that.  

This is mainly a user community forum and nothing account-specific can be handled here.  For any credit card problems you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Hello, I moved to the US in 2015 for employment and have filed form 1040NR in 2015. For 2016, I believe I will be treated as a US person for tax purposes. In 2016, I received proceeds from the sale of property in India (timelines and facts shown below).Questions:1) Is the property considered a gift or an inheritance? 2) Are long term capital gains taxes payable in the US for this sale? I expect to be in the 25% tax bracket for Federal taxes.3) If so, what is the cost basis for the computation of capital gains/losses? Is it the purchase price in 1942, the FMV in 1953, 1962 or 2009?4) India has a tax exemption for the capital gains if they are reinvested in buying a house. If I avail of that exemption, will it mean that I dont get any federal tax credit for taxes paid in India (which has a DTAA treaty) and hence have to pay Federal taxes?Timelines and Facts:- 1942: My grandfather purchased a property in India with his own money. It is a piece of land with some buildings on it.- 1953: My grandfather executed a release deed in favor of my grandmother and my dad.- 1962: My grandmother passed away and my father became the sole owner.- 1984: My grandfather passed away.- 2009: Our familyexecuted a partition deed where we mutually agree to divide the proceeds of the property among us.- 2016: I received proceeds from the sale of my share of the property in an account in India.Truly appreciate your help! Thanks.  

Note:  I am not familiar with the details of the US-India tax treaty, so the following is based on US tax laws without regard to any treaty provisions.  If you suspect the treaty does affect your situation, you may want to sit down with a tax professional that is experienced with reading tax treaties and/or experienced with India taxes.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/International-Businesses/India---Tax-Treaty-Documents1)  It was a gift to you in 2009.2)  Yes, if you are considered a US Resident, long term capital gains will be owed.  They will probably be 15% (plus State taxes) of the gain.  However, it might also affect other things on your tax return.  For example, the extra income could reduce or eliminate some tax credits or deductions.3)  The cost basis is the Fair Market Value in 1962 (assuming your father was alive and gifted you a portion of the property in 2009), PLUS the cost of any improvements to the home after that.  Then multiply that by your ownership percentage.4) Unfortunately, yes.  Unless the treaty specifically says otherwise, you would owe US taxes.  


I accidentally pressed the wrong option on my email survey offered by turbo tax and inadvertently made myself ineligible to be a part of the drawing to win the $100 Amazon giftcard. Is there anyway I could complete a different survey or change my mistake on the original. Thanks a lot for the help and years of easy tax filing.  

I dont know of any survey or drawing but it is possible. I hate marketing like that when there are so many scam survey companies out there. I hope you did not give any login information or personal info out.Maybe you can contact Turbotax directly and see if they do have a survey going on https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  after 8am Pacific time. 


Should I Claim for the Spouse? She does not havy any document in US and she never came to US in 2015  

You would need to file form 1040NR or 1040NR-EZ as a non-resident alien. Your filing status would be married filing separately (married nonresident), you cannot file jointly as an NRA.Turbotax does not support these forms, you can download them from the RIS websitehttps://www.irs.gov/uac/form-1040nr-u-s-nonresident-alien-income-tax-returnhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/Turbotax has partnered with Sprintax for nonresident aliens, but I doubt it would support your case since you didnt have a visa in 2015  


How do I report a total loss if my car was a gift AND the insurance company paid more for my car then what my parents paid for it?1. It was a gift to me from my parents.2. Insurance paid more for the car then what was paid for the car.How should this be reported (by me and by my parents)?  

You report a capital gain on the sale of personal items (your parents dont have to report anything).In TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab (Personal in  Home & Business) - Wages &\nIncome-        \nIll choose what I work on ButtonScroll down to:-Investment Income   -Stocks, mutual funds, Bonds,\nOther (Personal items is other)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnswer no, when asked if\nyou got a 1099-B. then follow the interview. Report the insurance proceeds as the sale amount and what your parents paid for the car as your cost basis. The difference will be your taxable capital gain.Your situation is unusual. Was there some reason your parents were able to buy the car at less than market value, such as buying from another relative?  


Je soumets ma dclaration pour lARC sans problme, mais ImpotRapide me fait part derreurs pour la soumission de la dclaration  Imponet Quebec. Je les corrige, mais elles ne disparaissent pas de la liste derreurs.Donc, on me prsente le message suivant:les erreurs qui figurent dans votre dclaration vous empchent de soumettre celle-ci  Revenu Qubec par ImptNet Qubec.Le support tlphonique semble satur, et aprs le temps dattente personne ne dcroche... Comment faire pour enlever ces erreurs et soumettre?  

Should be included on the SSA1099..On the screen where you enter Box 5 and Box 6 informationMedicare B and Medicare D entry points are just below.Will end up as Medicare Part B premiums..Only enter one time.  


I am a single member LLC and I bought a new car mid 2015, but was unaware of the Section 179 deduction. I actually had to amend my 2015 tax return the first ever CPA I hired filed to include the normal depreciation deduction (I'm 20 years old, pretty new to this and he definitely didn't help). The car is under 6000 pounds, so I am now looking at qualifying trucks to trade in for. How I do calculate what the deductible amount will be (using variables like x and y for the purchase price, business use, anything like that you may need to know) so I even know if it will be worth doing?  

Rather than rewrite a whole explanation, instead, Im pointing you to two sites where every possible question you, as a young small business operator, might have:179 Depreciation  VEHICLES:  \n\nhttp://www.section179.org/section_179_vehicle_deductions.html\n\n\nhttp://www.thetaxadviser.com/issues/2015/feb/tax-trends-01.html\n\nGeneral Discussion on topics on 179 Depreciation:\n\nhttp://www.section179.org/section_179_deduction.html\n\n\nIRS:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p946/ch02.html\n\n  


Submitted NC State taxes in early April, but my bank account has not been debited. Should I be concerned?  

WELLLLL......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, but NC doesnt).TurboTax cannot arrange that NC payment for you with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html 


now i want my money along with the fees i will get a laywer you can not hold my money it was told to me it was mailed and still hasnt bee mailed and that was 3 weeks a paper check was being sent and nothing where is my money i want answer every number has no info and im extremly mad you got paid now send my check to my address listed.  

Apparently you chose the optional Refund Processing Service at a charge of $34.99 to have your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund instead of paying the fees with a credit card or debit card.  After the IRS processed your tax return they sent the refund to the bank of the Third Party Processor to have the TurboTax fees and Processing charges deducted, as noted in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2580357-who-provides-the-refund-processing-service (See screenshot)You will have to speak to a representative from the third party processor, Santa Barabara Tax Products Group, for the status of your tax refund.  Use this website for SBTPG contact information - http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


I really need the $39.99 sent back to my account ASAP  

You will need to contact TurboTax again on this issue. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Reference a billing issue (NOT refund) when arranging a call back.  


I should not have to pay to print prior year returns.  

There is no way to merge multiple accounts into one account. You need to contact TurboTax directly for assistance with getting returns in another account unlocked. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041  


Hi, I need to know which Turbo tax to buy and if Turbo tax can complete the form required for a foreign citizen that have sold a condo in Florida in 2015. I had a withholding tax of 10% and have my ITIN number.  

Here is the IRS link to the instructions that you need for the form 8288. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8288.pdf  


rolled over $50K of ex-employer Simple IRA; deposited $39K into Vanguard previously existing IRA account. Can't figure out how to account for this in TurboTax.  

You should have received a 1099-R for the distribution from the Simple IRA. Enter it in TurboTax and answer all of the follow up questions. One of those questions will ask what you did with the funds.  


going through the info section for my dependent children and the web site forces them as adopted. will not let me choose "None of the above"  

\n\nThere is a glitch and TurboTax is working on it. See the\nfollowing for the workaround\n\nUnable to select None of the Above on Tell us\nabout your Child Screen\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132\n\n  


I used the updated version of turbotax.  Do I need to involve the better business bureau and my lawyer to straighten this out?  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I did my taxes yesterday and you sent me an email notifying they were rejected because the ip pin number so now it has to go on the mail and not electroncaly  

There is no charge to e-file with the Online version, the charge is for the return.  The price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return.With the Desktop version there is no charge to e-file a Federal return.  


\n\nI was not planning to use the online Turbo Tax for my state\nrefund, but it came to April 15th and I had forgotten to prepare the\npaper forms. So on that day, I decided to use Turbo Tax to get it submitted\nquickly. I went through all the state part, and even entered in my credit card\ninfo  fully intending to use Turbo Tax for the submittal of my State tax\nreturn.  After the page where I entered\nthe credit card info, it was asking for verification, amounts on my last years\nState return. I was not at home and had no way of looking that up without\ndriving home. So I exited Turbo Tax without finishing. I had to drive to the\nnearest library to get a State tax form, filled it out and mailed it in at the\npost office before that days deadline. I was unable to use the Turbo Tax\nsubmission for this. Then I saw that I was charged the $39.99 anyway, even\nthough I couldnt get Turbo Tax to submit it. Please refund me. Thanks, Jean\nFierke boomlacalaca@yahoo.com  Please send this on to a manager, as I have\nalready called Turbo Tax and talked to a customer service rep about this, and\nthey were unable to help. I have been a customer of yours since 2009. Please\nconsider my request. Thanks, Jean\n\n  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri 8-5 Pacific Time  


I used the IRS refund tool, and it says that my deposit for $656 was already deposited. However it never made it to MY bank account  

Did you have your TurboTax fees paid out of your federal tax refund? If so, the refund may still be with the bank that handles the refund processing service. Here is a link to contact them: SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com  


Where do i find a remittance slip? Revenue Quebec indicates that it should have been printed with my tax return.  

The screen helps identify and new issues immediately up front that may be different from the prior year.  Select the items that have changed since you filed your 2010 tax return.  


If so, how much?  

In most cases, you must pay estimated tax to avoid an underpayment penalty if both of the following apply:1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax after subtracting your withholding and refundable credits.2. You expect your withholding plus your refundable credits to be less than the smaller of:a. 90% of the tax to be shown on your tax return, orb. 100% of the tax shown on your last years tax return for all 12 months.You can use TurboTax to help you determine how much estimated taxes to pay quarterly. With your tax return open, type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to.  


I want to do tax planning for 2016 year. I do not see any option in turbotax. may i know how to do it.  

The CD/download product has a What-If feature that allows you to do this but it is not available in the online product. The best you can do using online is to use the estimated tax payments feature. Open your return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to.Another tool is Taxcaster. Here is a link to access it: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/  


I don't have a copy available in my profile, could you please assist?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Give me a number to contact a person  

Use this TurboTax website for assistance with the IRS notice you received - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


For 10 years I used TT online and it imported the prior year's info. This year, I am forced to use a paid download TT (always free, through Vanguard before, but they stopped doing that--I'm now seeing why). I have the prior year return as PDF in computer. I downloaded prior year as .tax2014--BUT PC will not recognize it. TT program says they will help me do it all manually!!!!! I'm not a fool. If I wanted to do it manually, I WOULDN'T HAVE PAID FOR THIS HORRIBLE TT. How can I get inform transferred to the 2015 return, from last year???  

You cannot transfer from the 2014 PDF.  You need the *.tax2014 data file.You wrote:   I downloaded prior year as .tax2014--BUT PC will not recognize it. So you downloaded your prior-year return as an actual *.tax2014 data file?   If it only says *.tax you need to rename it to *.tax2014.  ( Do not rename the PDF to a *.tax2014 extension--that will NOT work.)Heres how to transfer the *.tax2014 data file into a new blank 2015 desktop return:\nLaunch your 2015 TurboTax program, and choose to start a new tax return.  You can do that by clicking FILE up in the top left corner of the TurboTax screen and in the dropdown choose New Tax Return.\nTurboTax will churn and search for the *.tax2014 data file.\nIf it finds it, it will ask you if you want to transfer it in.\nIf it doesnt find it, then you can use the BROWSE feature to point TurboTax to the file location.\nTIP:  TurboTax will most easily find the *.tax2014 data file if you put it in the My Documents\\TurboTax folder, which is the default location.  


I received an e-mail for a promo in March because I used the software lastyear... I bought it. I then completed my tax return. I am trying to submit them tonight, as I was still waiting for a final receipt, and the software is asking me to pay again! Why is that?Thanks, Cynthia  

No.  There used to be a tax concept called "income averaging" but that was deleted from the tax law a long time ago.  


I am beign charge for filing state taxes in fl, which I dont need, how do I take this off?  

You can remove a state by opening your account and following the rules here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3046526-remove-state-from-state-return#  


need to talk with agent  

I agree. The IRS probably wants to verify the amounts that you entered into the program.  


Also, I was charged for the FL return app when there are no income taxes in Florida.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I have already filed federal taxes. I received spouse's ITIN now so filing for state return using efile option  

As the error message says, you cannot enter personal information like that in any TT/state (well, you apparently can but you will just get an error message if you do). It must be entered in Personal Info. You need to delete the entry in TT/Calif so that it can transfer in from the federal return.  


As a small business, we have given some items away as donations that will be awarded at events as prizes. Is there an actual legal amount we should claim? Meaning, are we only allowed to write-off cost of the item, or is it the market value of the item or is there some other formula? Just wondering what U.S. law actually says?  

Are these items previously owned by the partnership, manufactured by the partnership, or purchased outright to donate?A partnership is a special case, because the partnership itself does not pay income taxes; the income and expenses (including deductions for charitable contributions) are passed along to the partners on their individual Schedule K-1 each year. So, if the partnership makes a charitable contribution, each partner takes a percentage share of the deduction on his/her personal tax return. For example, if the partnership has three equal partners and it donates a total of $1500 to charity, the partners each can claim $500 of charitable deductions.Because the donation of cash or property reduces the value of the partnership, each donating partner must reduce his or her partnership interest by the value of the donation. For example, if a partnership donates office furniture to a charity, the value of that furniture is no longer owned by the partnership, so it must be taken off the books, which reduces each partners share of the total value of the partnership.  


I am trying to find out if there are individual forms that the program will print out or do I need to print my entire 2014 tax return to send it in?  

If the only change you made to your return was to claim the education credit, you would mail the amended return form 1040X and form 8863 which is the form that has the education credit on it. You do not mail the 1040 form or other forms that did not change.  


I need to print out a copy of what my filing fees where but I don't know how to find them.please help me. thank you.  

\n\nHow do I review my fees in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202093 


the only form i see is 8965  

You need to enter your information from  your 1095-A form, then the program will generate a 8962 form.What do I do if I received an IRS letter about a missing Form 8962 on my 2015 return?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I filed my federal return and three state tax returns though turbo tax. I need to print my three state tax returns but when I try to only my IL state tax return comes to print and download. I need to print out my other two states MN and IL. My federal tax return also does not come up to print or download.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I'm not able to pay my total federal balance. How do I schedule a payment? Site won't let me go any further without making a total payment.  

Im not a professional; just another taxpayer. If possible, make at least a small payment on whats owed, and file your return. The IRS will send you a bill for the balance owed and you can arrange a payment schedule for the remaining with them.  


I inherited the home in March 2012. I have never lived in the home and have never rented the home.  

You will have to report any capital gain on the sale of the home during the time you owned it. Your cost basis is the fair market value on the date of death of who you inherited it from plus any adjustments. The gain will be taxed at long term capital gains tax rate which is determined by your marginal tax rate. You will probably receive a 1099-S reporting the sale but must report it on your tax return even if you dont get a 1099-S.  


I cannot complete file, even though I have already paid, because the missing information for my spouse's SSN. He does not have one because he is not American. I cannot enter NRA, and I cannot enter 0's. And I cannot connect with any human being from turbotax because I have no US number. How can I find someone useful that works for TurboTax?  

see here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2595494-my-wife-does-not-have-a-social-security-number  


Nothing shows up on my tax timeline. It only says "Joined TurboTax"  

If you havent already done so, run this tool to be sure you dont have more than 1 account, even if you dont think you do.  To get a list of your User IDs emailed to you, you can use this tool.  If you have more than 1 email address, you can run the tool on each one:   https://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jspIf, however, you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


In 2010 I bought a home for 225k. I hit financial hardship in 2013 and my parents paid the balance of the mortgage (appx 220k) and took over the deed, reflecting a sale price of 220k. I am unable to refinance the loan for another year because of a short sale on a different home. I would like to sell my current primary residence and use the capital gain to purchase a smaller home. Is it allowable for my parents to sign a quit claim deed to add me on the deed of the home, selling it back to me for the same price they paid (220k) and I can in turn sell it immediately for the appreciated market price? It has always been my primary residence but I have not held the deed for the last 3 years. But I have held it 2 of the last 5 years (and been living here as a primary residence continuously. The concern here is capital gain. The home is now worth 350k. They dont want to pay capital gains tax because it isnt their home and I should be protected from capital gains tax because it is less than 250k and it is my primary residence. Will putting the house back in my name cause a problem if I sell right away?  

The problem I see is this:As of right now, your parents have owned the home for 36 months of the past 60 months, and you owned it for 24. As of June, that shifts to 37 for them and 23 for you, so you would not qualify for the 2 out of 5 yr rule. But lets see what the SuperUsers think.  


My taxes were accepted on March 9, but I never got them. They took my money from my card for fee for the site. I think the problem is because I have not import my  second W-2 form from my other work, but everywhere writes 0 taxes.  How to add my other W-2 form and edit my file to get my taxes, because they already chaged me?  

If your first return was accepted you need to mail in an amended return to fix it.If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section. 


i filed back in jan.. got a letter april 5th saying i needed to prove children lived with me so i faxed all that in may 9th about how long will it be till I receive my refund?  

Its impossible to say, since all such returns are processed by a human. So it depends upon their backlog, and whether they asked for the same info from someone else who claimed the same children.  It could be a few weeks,.  


I am not a DC resident but my first W2 had an error that stated taxes was paid to DC. I filed a D-40B and got the refund. Now, I received a corrected W2 and it states that no taxes was paid to DC. How do I amend the filed D-40B and paid back DC Office of Taxes? What forms are needed?  

I cant find any form or instructions on the DC website to fit your situation.  Id suggest calling them, or if possible visiting their taxpayer service center.  Heres their contact info & address:  http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/node/386702 


i want a phone and i want answer why its taken 2 and half months and why your sending my taxs all over the US and charging 150.00 dollars for it when its your fault i want answer i want a phone call and i want my taxs.  

How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number to call.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n  


Pour pay vos serviceje peu pay par Visa dbit ?  

Nothing you can do for now. Will be allowed in a later year.  


I made a stock sale this month (may 2016).  I think I need to pay the capital gains and to do this i need to fill out 1040 ES.  But I just wanted to know if this form was just for the stock sales or I had to include my salary wages which already have taxes withheld.  Thanks Much  

Its unclear what happened here, but I dont think you need to make an estimated tax payment using Form 1040ES.It sounds to me like you sold some stock acquired through one of the various employer stock incentive plans, like an Incentive Stock Option (ISO), a Non-Qualified Stock Option (NQSO), some Restricted Stock (RS) plan or an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP).  All employer stock incentive plans can and do create compensation that gets included on your Form W-2 and its the compensation that creates the requirement for withholding.  This compensation is the spread between what you paid for the stock - which can be $0 under some plans - and the worth of the stock when you got it.  Further, this compensation gets added to your out of pocket cost for the stock when you calculate your gain or loss on the sale of the stock.So if this was a same day sale, (stock acquired and sold more or less simultaneously), then even though you might receive more cash from the sale than you paid for the stock, you really have no capital gain from a tax standpoint when you add back the compensation income to your out of pocket cost.I dont know if this was a same day sale or not, but if it is, (or the sale occurred not too long after you got the stock), then you dont have any capital gain to worry about.  All you really have is compensation and that compensation has been taxed.Of course you might have held this stock for many years and the stock might have appreciated greatly in value over that time, meaning that you do have a significant amount of capital gain, a large chunk of income from which there has been no withholding.  In that case you might have to make estimated tax payments, or maybe not.  If you do need to make estimated tax payments then you pay just enough to make up for the income from which taxes have not been withheld.Tom Young  


Part 3 on Injuried Spouse form. I have the total credits, but I dont see the individual credits  

Please see these instructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdf 


Help  

Please be patient. The IRS goal is 21 days, but sometimes it takes longer.https://www.irs.gov/refunds/what-to-expect-for-refunds-this-year  


I have already corrected my tax return on TurboTax, but I will need to mail in the forms I used to amend my taxes. I'm just confused as to what those are.  

If you changed your tax return before starting the amended return process, you must change it back to the way it was when you originally filed it by making sure the box in Personal Info saying you can be claimed by someone else is checked. After you have done that, start the amending process and uncheck the box in Personal Info that says you can be claimed by someone else. After you have done that, you are ready to print and mail the amended return which is a form 1040X. That is the only form you need to mail. Make sure you sign it before you mail it. Here is a link to help you with the amending process: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


I paid $445 in taxes and sent $500 with my extension.  Will IRS send me difference?  Or is there a form for this.  

The amount of your payment with extension should have been added to your account if you filed your extension through Turbotax. That amount would show on line 70 of your 1040 form.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205781-how-do-i-get-credit-for-tax-payments-i-made-with-my-extens...  


I have a US Visa debit card but the system still rejects it without any explanation. I live abroad and can't contact their service by phone.  

First, you will need to make sure you are using accurate billing information. If the billing information you are entering does not exactly match the information on file with your credit provider, then our system will reject the transaction. Also, keep in mind that we do not offer support for any prepaid visa cards. If you continue to experience issues I first recommend you reach out to your credit provider to confirm accurate billing information. We also offer one on one support through both Facebook and Twitter.  


we know our birth and ssn cards were stolen Nothing has been used to this point. Is there a way to keep someone next tax season from filing and getting our real information from this account to to end up getting our returns? Hope thismakes sense.  

Notify the police, the IRS, your state tax bureau, and the credit bureaus.  


Hi, I am unable to determine how to get into form 8692, Please call me on my cell # xxxxxxxx for assistance.  

Please dont post personal information to a public message board.  Any stranger could call you and pretend to be from TurboTax and acquire personal information from you.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I just want to know will i be getting it back like everyone else ? Or later on down the year ? Cause i've called the ga tax center as well and got nothing  

The GA tax center is the only agency that can tell you when you are going to get your refund.  


I took the day off from my normal work using my earned leave. I worked more hours that day (14hrs) for the charity than I would normally work at my job (10hrs). The entire day was spent with the charity.  

No you cannot. The value of your time is not deductible, just out of pocket costs and mileage.  


our Order Number: EFE4ATU231N57XDF\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tShipped\t\t\t\tDescription\t\t\t\tAmount\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX ONLINE STATE CA TY2015 PREP\t\t\t\t$39.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX PREMIUM SERVICES BUNDLE WITH REFUND TRANSFER R2015\t\t\t\t$39.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX ONLINE DELUXE TY2015 PREP\t\t\t\t$54.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t \t\t\t\tSales Tax\t\t\t\t$0.00\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t \t\t\t\tTOTAL\t\t\t\t$134.97Why am I being charges for both deluex and premium? Please adjust  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  


I asked to be called and the automated operator hung up on me.  This process is getting very frustrating!  I need my 2013 return today.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ when receiving a Locked message for an online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-locked 


Print 2015 tax return?  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


Not happy about being able to see the forms through tabs on this online version! Bad change....  

TT Online has never had direct Forms access  You can view the completed forms, but must pay the TT fees first.  


I paid back money to an employer in 2015 that were included in my 2014 earnings I didnt work for that company in 2015 shouldnt I have gotten a corrected 2014 w2 form?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3259042-income-repayment 


I called a few minutes ago but they told me that I will wait 30minutes - 1 hour to contact me to the operator, but I know that more than 1 hour they cut me.  

There is no way for anyone on this site to know how long the wait is. Someone said in another post that you may have more success by waiting until later in the week. 


cant leave it blank because I have already selected the other option to see if it would work  

Thats a known issue - the workaround is here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358503-unable-to-select-none-of-the-above-on-tell-us-about-your-c...  


Hello,I am using Intuit Self Employed, which makes my calculations very easy. For my business, nothing is done in cash in terms of payments and expenses. Hence, Intuit Self Employed comes in very handy. For Q1 estimated taxes, I only deducted those showing on my business bank account. That is, my home office and car mileage were not included. Do I need to 1) add those to my estimated taxes or 2) report them annually on my next tax returns. While I believe both are fine, the former will give me credits later because I have deductions to be added, and the latter will have more accurate tax amounts. Is my understanding correct?   If I am to add such deductions on my Q2 estimated taxes, can I add my Q1 deductions to Q2?I appreciate your answers in advance!  

If you intend to report as deductible business expenses the costs of maintaining a home office, and likely filing Form 8829, then you might want to consider doing an estimation of the deductible amount and including that as a reduction of your Estimated Tax calculations.  However, if you dont, all that means is that at the end of the year, when you file your Form 1040, you will have overpaid your tax and be owed a refund.  


how far over the amt  

Please see this:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Alternative-Minimum-Tax--Common-Questi...  


I need my for refund for health insurance premiums.  On top of this, turbo tax was to take their fees out of my refund.   Instead, they took them out of our checking account.  What gives?  How about some answers or at least an approximate refund date.  

TurboTax has no control of or information about your tax refund. That is totally in the hands of the IRS once it is transmitted to the IRS by TurboTax and is accepted. Only the IRS can give you any information about the status of your refund.  


I need to find that money  

How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a telephone number.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n 


I just submitted my tax return online through Netfile, on May 2, 2016 at 7:03 PM - which is on time. However, on the TurboTax website online webpage confirmation and the email confirmation I received, it says I submitted the return on May 3, 2016 at 1:03 AM. This is inaccurate, by five hours. This mistake of TurboTax could very well cost me in late fees, late fees that I shouldnt have to pay, because I filed the return on time. How do I fix this? I really cant afford to pay any late fees, especially when I filed the return on time.  

You complete the original return just like you would have had you started here instead of going to H&R block. After you make your 1040 tax return look just like the one you filed and tell TurboTax that you are paper filing, you can begin the amended return.  


Please tell me how to file NY state corporation Tax?  

IF, and only if, you used BUSINESS TurboTax to file the corporate Form 1120s/c, then, while using the BUSINESS product, which is a desktop product and has nothing to do with or connection to the online Home&Business service you are using, you can download the NY state module.  


The tracker said on or before the 8th of May and still havent received it  

TT refund dates are just estimates. Check your state tax website. 


Without the 2014 DVD, the .tax2014 will not open. I already bought it but I have a new computer and my purchase is not showing up in downloads. All I have is the pdf file which does not have the level of detail that I need. Please advise  

TurboTax Support can replace your lost CD with a program download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I checked the NY and federal websites to inquire about my refund, but NY stated there's no info on my refund and the federal site says to try back later.  

Amended returns must be mailed. The Federal one takes at least 3-4 weeks to show up on Wheres My Amended Return, and a total of about 4 months to process.You may need to telephone NY State.  


Do I need to have an official "business" or LLC for my yoga career in order to report business expenses? thank you  

You can report business expenses. You do not have to have an LLC or an official business. Independent contracting is a business as far as taxes are concerned.However, TurboTax Online Deluxe has very limited support for business income and expenses. When you start to enter your business, it will probably tell you that you have to upgrade to Home & Business.  


There was no income in 2014 as the Estate was settled.  

Send them a letter stating just that. Or did they ask for the 2013 Estate return? 


How do I get my 2014 tax return information?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


"I am married, have a child and I only worked in 2015. Due to having student loans being defaulted, I filled out form 8379, injured spouse form, so my wife could receive refund credit for our child. I filed married joint and received a response letter from irs stating "the injured spouse does not have any income, withholding, and or refundable credits. Can she qualify for any refund we were eligible for?  

Child Tax Credit isn't refunded, its applied against tax liability.  


5071c letter from irs  

No.  TurboTax cannot assist you with the letter 5071C that you received from the IRS.See this IRS website for a 5071C letter - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter  


I purchased a brand new Prius C in 2015 and was told I can claim it either on Colorado state or federal taxes. Please help me find an answer!  

You can claim the sales tax paid in the Federal deductions section if you itemize.  


i need the TurboTax for 2014 tax year  

A copy of your return or to prepare the return?You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp Or you can check for  Turbo Tax for all years on Ebay or Amazon, etc.Either way you will have to mail in your return.  And if you are doing more than 1 year, send each year in a separate envelope. Sometimes the IRS will just staple all the sheets together and miss a second return.Or if you have a simple return you can get the blank forms from the IRS and fill them in by hand for free.  If you can't find them I have a list of them for all years 


I filed a 1040X at the end of April.  Now I must file another one. Turbo Tax created a new 1040X based on my original 1040 in column A.  But I think that column A should now be based on my first 1040X.  How do I get my second 1040X done this way?  

You are correct. The second 1040X should show the differences between the first 1040X and the second one. Its as if the second amended return is based on an original return that includes the changes that were made by the first amended return.Unfortunately TurboTax is not very good at handling second amended returns. Since you are using the CD/download software, hopefully you saved a copy of the .tax20xx data file for the original return, before any amendments. The easiest way to prepare the second 1040X would be the following. Make a new copy of the original .tax20xx file with a different name (so that you dont damage the original file). Open the copy and, without going through the amend process, make the changes that were made by your first amended return. You now have a dummy original return that incorporates the changes from the first 1040X. This dummy return is the base for the second 1040X. Now start the amend process and prepare the second amended return.You said that you filed the first 1040X very recently, at the end of April. You should not file the second 1040X until you have received confirmation from the IRS that the first 1040X has been processed. That could take as much as 16 weeks from when you mailed it. 


Thanks for the replies. On my 2015 Federal return, $2190 (the 2014 state refund amount) was entered on Line 10. Somehow during the Turbotax info transfer from Federal to State, the same $2190 flowed to line 23 of my Alabama Form 40 (2015 estimated tax payments/automatic extension payment). Got an IRS letter today stating that a refund for a prior year cannot be claimed as a credit against the tax due for for the current taxable year. Again, I dont understand why the amount was transferred to my state return, or why the Turbotax audit didnt catch thus as an error.  

Line 10 is not your problem; it would have already reduced your refund.If IRS reduced it further, something else is going on.Unfortunately, nowadays the explanation letter from IRS comes later.  


Just looking for confirmation on what the IRS uses to determine tax for shares that were sold due to a company merger. I want to understand if I filed incorrectly and truly owe the tax. Just not sure what the IRS uses to determine this - is it the proceeds, the cost basis or the gains of the shares? Their using the proceeds pushes my income to a higher level than what I reported with just the cost basis and results in a hefty tax bill.  

proceeds, the cost basis, or the gain Gain.See Form 8949 and its instructions, available at     www.irs.gov.  


I have an overpayment of 614 from 2014 taxes. if I owe $125 for fed taxes for this year, how do I apply my overpayment to what I owe? thank you  

Did you tell the IRS to keep and apply it from your 2014 return to 2015?  Is it on your 2014 line 77?Make sure you enter it on your return. It will show up on 1040 line 65 (1040A line 41). It will either add to your refund or reduce your tax.If it didn't transfer over from last year then enter a refund from last year that you applied to this year here.   BUT first make sure it's not already there.  You don't want to apply it twice.Federal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page scroll down to 2014 Refund Applied to 2015Click Start or Update by the tax you applied  


I want to print out the supporting details for Schedule A, Medical expenses. Ive selected supporting details and generated a preview, but I dont see how to get it to actually print.  How do I do that?  

The preview is a PDF that TurboTax opens in Adobe Reader. Print it the same way you would print any other PDF in Adobe Reader. Click the print button on the toolbar, or click the File menu and select Print, or press Ctrl-P.  


what if you are handicapped and have dementia and a power of attorney handles your taxes  

contact the IRS as required ...  on that call you can give permission for the POA to speak on your behalf  or  they can file a POA with the IRS in advance .... https://www.irs.gov/uac/About-Form-2848https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter  


I prepared my nephews federal and state taxes through Turbox Tax, March 14, 2016. Im having a question about the state tax refund. At the end of this process, it shows a routing number and an account number of a financial institution, in which I didnt have the information for. It is a delay in receiving a his state tax return. The Louisiana refund information was accepted for him receiving a refund. The Louisiana State of Revenue said his refund was sent to his financial institution and will be posted to his account in 2 business days, that was about 2 weeks ago. Remember I didnt have his information for his bank.  

Did you have the Turbo Tax fees withheld from the federal refund?  If so the routing & account numbers are for the refund processing bank where the refund is sent from the IRS & state taxing authorities and then the refund is forwarded to you or placed on a Netspend debit card.When you choose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund that is handled by a third-party company called SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your refund from the IRS at one of their 2 banks--Sunrise Banks of St. Paul, MN, or Citizens/Civista Banking Co. of Sandusky, OH.  That bank sets up a temporary account for you to receive the refund, and then takes out the TurboTax fees.  It then sends the remainder on to your bank account in a second direct deposit.  If that deposit fails, the intermediary bank will mail you a check.You can check on the status of your refund at SBTPG by logging into their website at:https://cisc.sbtpg.com/Of you can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspxOr you can get live customer support during their business hours:   1-877-908-7228When you phone the live taxpayer number, follow these steps:When prompted, press 1 for English.When prompted, press 1 for current year product.At next prompt, listen to all 3 choices, then Press 3 to speak to agent.If you requested the NetSpend card .....  The refund needs to go from the IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to 3 business days. Check the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsCheck  SBTPG by logging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/Or you can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspxCheck at netspend :  NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.https://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml  


On my timeline there was a date that i will be recieving my refund but now it says n/a  

There is a problem with the TurboTax program for this information. They are working on a solution.That number was only an estimate using the target 21 day time from date of acceptance the IRS says they issue 9 out of 10 refunds. It was never a reliable guide for knowing when you would get your refund.You should be tracking your refund status using the IRS web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html  


According to answers provided turbotax will calculate taxable amount of social security benefits. why didnt this happen in my case?  

It depends on all your other income.  Does the full amount show up on line 14a?Up to 85% of Social Security becomes taxable when all your other income plus 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly: $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately: 0To see the Social Security Benefits Calculation Worksheet  in Turbo Tax Online version you would have to save your return with all the worksheets to your computer.   Or if you are using the Desktop CD/Download Software you can switch to Forms Mode (click Forms in the upper right) and click on SS in the list on the right side.  


I need to re-install Turbo Tax Home and Business software (2013 & 2014-- I have 2015 still) on my new laptop but I misplaced the disks-- I installed them and registered the products but my old laptop froze up.   How do I re-install on my new laptop?  

Ok.   All you can do is ask support (or buy them again).  Or look around more for the CDs.  Hey, are you on the Advantage program where they automatically send you the CD each fall?  Then they also put the Download in your account.If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download 


not received a letter or anything  

The IRS can take\nas long as they want to process the return and there is nothing you can do\nabout it but wait patiently. They are processed individually these days so\nreturns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process together or in\nthe order they are received. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process\nin 21 days or less. However considering that the IRS processes more than 140\nmillion returns which means 14 million will be delayed for more than 21\ndays. There are no refund charts to refer to anymore so dont plan on\nyour refund being in your account on any certain date then you wont be\ndisappointed or overdrawn.  It is possible that you get a DD\ndate posted by the IRS and then a moment before the refund is released it\ngets put on hold while the IRS reviews the account which can delay it for\nmonths. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.  \n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the continued under\nstaffing situation and budget cuts the IRS had been subject to,  they\nare likely to be much longer again this year. \nIt\nhas been reported that some of  the delay\nthis year is due to the new anti fraud security screenings that were\nimplemented.\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/business/taxes/new-tax-fraud-safeguards-may-mean-delays-getting-refunds-n5038...\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/New-Security-Safeguards\n\n\n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been filed and\naccepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to see where\nyou are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\nhttps:  


I also used Turbo Tax for filling 2010  

Turbo Tax no longer supports the 2010 tax year so downloads are no longer available.  


There is no provision to remove the extension. I'd like to amend my taxes.  

Did you already file with it on there?  You probably don't need to amend for that.  The IRS will catch it and adjust your refund or send you a bill.If you haven't filed yet, To enter or delete the amount paid with an extension go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid  


I feel they have wrongly rejected it. They say they reject it because my son has received SSN after deadline or extension. Is this correct?  

The IRS commissioner made a statement at the IRS conference that I attended this past summer that the ability to go back and amend prior year returns to get the EIC & CTC will no longer be allowed starting in 2016 for any amended returns filed for prior tax years.If you put the 2015 return on extension and get the SS# by the time extensions are up then you can use the SS# however if you dont get that SS# by 10/15/16 then you cannot use it for the 2015 tax return.  Same goes for any open prior tax years that you want to amend.  


So I filed my 2015 tax return, went through everything, and I have already received my returns, I am needing to get a copy of my return at this time, ( I do know I have to pay for this), however, when logging into my account, I can see my 2014 return but my 2015 one still says "In Progress" which it should not be since I finished this months ago.  

If you filed with TurboTAX, you are entitled to a printed copy (PDF format) of your tax return until October 15th. No Charge.  After that, your return will be locked.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact Always make a print copy and keep it with your important tax records.  


I filed fed taxes Jan 31st, I have a large return this year because we purchased solar heating in 2015.  Anyone else getting pushed out this long before getting their return?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


also, previous years i mailed in my return but however the check received is less than what i was suppose to receive. hot to know what they pay me is correct or not  

check received is less than what i was suppose to receiveYour refund may have been denied in full or in part for the following reasons: \nYou owe money from prior tax years so the refund you expected was put towards the taxes owed.\nYour refund may have expired.  Claims are only valid for four (4) years from when you originally paid taxes or the date your return was due, whichever is later. \nThere may be other reasons.  If you have questions or concerns about your refund, please call the Taxpayer Assistance department  at (313) 224-3315.\nhttp://www.detroitmi.gov/incometax  


I tried to figure out a way to contact the IRS to explain that it was a mistake, but that seems very complicated to find a way to contact them. What can I do?  

There is nothing that you can do. If you are getting a refund, then there is no penalty for late filing. If you owe and did not pay by April 18, then you will owe penalties and interest, and the IRS will bill you  for it.  


Why would I get a confirmation saying thanks for using Turbo Tax and paying your taxes thru us when obviously you guys didn't send my state taxes in 2014 and now I owe over $2000.00 in fees. I wasn't even notified that my state taxes were not being sent. What is going on? How can we fix this!  

Perhaps you saw that turbotax feature pay your state from your refund . That is misleading and you were misled. You cannot have your state tax paid out of your Federal refund automatically.  


In March of 2014, we deposited $5500 into a new Contributory IRA account for the 2013 tax year. Later the same month, we decided we should have made a Roth contribution instead (since the contribution would not be deductible because of spouses 401K and AGI limits) and they closed the account and redeposited the proceeds as a Roth contribution to a new account at the same brokerage. We did that and did not take a deduction for the 2013 tax year.We now get a letter from the IRS pointing out that the brokerage a) reported a distribution using form 1099-R of $5500 in 2014 and b) a Roth Conversion using Form 5498 of $5500 in 2014. They are asking us to pay taxes on the $5500 distribution against our 2014 tax filing.Im guessing this has to be somehow fixed now through a resubmission of the 2014 tax return, possibly using form 8606, but cannot for the life of me figure out how.Any help will be greatly appreciated.  

As macuser_22 indicated, regardless of your intentions you have a 2013 nondeductible traditional IRA contribution and a 2014 Roth conversion.Youll need to amend your 2013 tax return to report the nondeductible contribution on 2013 Form 8606Youll also need to amend your 2014 tax return to report the 2014 Roth conversion.  Because you had basis in nondeductible contributions in your traditional IRAs form the 2013 contribution, the taxable amount of your Roth conversion will be calculated on the 2014 Form 8606, which will be less than the $5,500 that the IRS is proposing as the amount of your underreported 2014 income.  If you had no other money in traditional IRAs, that the entire amount will be nontaxable unless the amount converted included gains while in the traditional IRA. 


I recall when preparing my taxes with TUrbo tax that because my daughter was born in August it did not count basically because she didn't "live" with us for the majority of the year. so now it's bounced back because i "claimed a child that doesn't live with me"  

Did your efile reject?  When you entered your child you should have selected THE WHOLE YEAR for how long she lived with you.  That is ok for newborns.  Go back to Personal Info and click Edit by her name and pick the Whole Year.  


I received two W2-Cs as my employer did not report third-party sick pay correctly. The corrected result is no income from the insurer and the income and taxes paid were added to my employer W2. The result has a net zero effect and no change to AGI or taxes withheld. Do I need to file an amended return?  

No you do not need to amend if the numbers were just moved from one form to the other but never really changed.  


I inherited my parents home when they passed away over 10 years ago. One of my sons lived there for a time and now another son lives there. I want to give the house to him. Do I have to pay gift tax on the value of the house?Do I pay any kind of tax like capital gains, etc.?  

Probably not, but you do need to file a gift tax return (form 709). Gift Tax is somewhat of a misnomer.  Even though a\ngift tax return may be required, very few people ever actually pay federal gift\ntax. The purpose of the gift tax return is usually only to document a reduction\nin the allowable estate tax exemption.\nSee https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Tax-Planning-and-Checklists/The-Gift-Tax-Made-Simple/INF12127.html 


What do I do  

A $10,000 refund is highly unusual, so most likely you made an error somewhere. Look at the letter the IRS sent you to sees exactly what they changed.  


call me at [remove]  

Paying your TT fees does not file your return,. Once you are done and have checked everything, go through the File tab and click the Transmit button.  


There is only state saved in my computer. No federal. Can't find to print  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


don't know what to do!!  

If you purchased Audit Defense for your 2013 tax return, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your audit notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/. Do not contact the IRS. Let TaxResources contact them for you.If you did not purchase Audit Defense, you can get help with your audit from TurboTax at the following link.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I reside in New Jersey.  

If you inherit cash that is not in an IRA or other retirement account, the inheritance is not taxable income and you do not report it on your tax return. Since its not taxable income, there is no need to pay estimated tax. However, any income you earn by investing the inheritance after you receive it, such as interest or dividends, is taxable income. If the investment income will be substantial, you would have to take that into consideration in either adjusting your withholding or paying estimated tax.If the person you expect to inherit from lived in New Jersey, the bequest might be subject to New Jersey inheritance tax. This is beyond the scope of what TurboTax handles. Normally the estate would pay the inheritance tax before any money is distributed to the beneficiaries. But if you are not the spouse or a direct descendent (child or grandchild) of the person you expect to inherit from, you should consult the executor or a local tax professional to determine whether you will have to pay NJ inheritance tax.  


Right now it has all the repayment put on MY taxes, not just half.  

On the screen immediately after entering your 1095-A, check the box to indicate the policy was shared by somebody that is not on your tax return.  You will then enter 50 percent for the allocation numbers.  


I already filed my taxes for the second time and I didn't know how to fix it and I think this is why.  

You cannot file a tax return twice so once the return has been accepted any further filings will be rejected. Once you efiled your return and it gets accepted, you cant\nchange the direct deposit info using TurboTax.    \n\nOnce the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen.  


I amended my Arkansas 2015 return in error.  now I cannot find or access the original 2015 return. I should have printed the 1st return when done...printer needed ink..?  

The best way to unamend your state return is to go through your state return from the beginning and keep your eyes peeled for amend-related screens or questions.The amend question usually appears right at the beginning or towards the end of the state interview (never in the middle).Correct any entries that have to do with an amended return, e.g.:\nAnswer No when asked if you want to amend;\n\nClear any amend-related checkboxes;\n\nDelete entries in the tax year field.\n\nNote: In a few state programs, you actually have to answer Yes to the amend question so you can revisit the screens that contain the information you want to delete.\nIf you still cant get rid of your state amendment form, try deleting your state return and starting over.  


I have paid for the upgrade and still do not have access to my 2015 taxes.  There seems to be no record of my taxes being filed.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


IND-031-02 - 'PrimaryPriorYearPIN' or 'PrimaryElectronicFilingPIN' or 'PrimaryPriorYearAGIAmt' in the Return Header must match the e-File database.  

I dont know of another way to try.  There are only 4 ways to efile:1) With a prior-year Self-Select PIN (if that info was saved).2) A new 2015 efiling PIN from the IRS phone/website.3) The AGI from a 2014 return (filed prior to November 2015).4) An AGI of 0 (for someone who did not file at all in 2014, or who filed very late in the year, such as after November 2015.)Based on when you filed your 2014 return (January 2016),  I would think the AGI of 0 would be your method.  Did you leave the PIN field blank and enter 0 as a single digit, with no decimal?You said you had no luck getting an efile PIN from the IRS website.  You could try the IRS phone system in the FAQ below, but it may produce the same result if it was due to the late-filed 2014 return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901274-how-do-i-get-my-5-digit-electronic-filing-pinIf you cant efile by one of those methods, you will need to mail your return.  I would suggest using certified return receipt, or at least some kind of postal tracking so youll know your return was received.  


I did not receive my W2 for a while. I checked my previous home and current home, and never received anything.  I requested for it multiple times. They finally made a copy, or thats what they say. Im going to pick it up in the morning. However, is i even worth it? The deadline has very well passed. Can I still file for an extension?  

Sorry, but any extension must have been filed by April 18.  However, if you have a refund, there is no penalty.  


Do I qualify for a "Refund" ? Not sure what it is My job did not give me my W2. I asked for it multiple times and finally they say they have a copy. I am going to pick it up tomorrow morning...So I know I'm late for an extension but does this apply to a "refund" ?  

duplicate post  


i can view my tax timeline on my account and i want to get hers too is that possible?  

There is no way for one account to access tax returns in a different account, or to move tax returns from one account to another.  


Hello, I already filled out everything for 2015. I just didn't see the place where I can file for 2014  

Go here to purchase and download the 2014 software.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2014 returns must be printed and filed by mail.  


Hello.  Last year I changed jobs and my new job has a retirement plan. Previous one did not.I had set up an automatic deposits to a traditional plan with Betterment and was contributing all year long.  Doing my taxes this year I received a message while entering the IRA information:"Your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) is $xx,xxx, which puts you over the limit for IRA deductions. To deduct a contribution, you can't have a MAGI of over $71,000 while being covered by a retirement plan at work."I tried calling Betterment to switch the account but they said I missed the deadline.  I am very confused as to what I should do. I am reading online about penalties for leaving it in there but can not figure out how to take it out.This is the last thing I need to do to file my taxes for 2015 (Late).  Any help would be appreciated.  

Are you eligible for non-deductible contributions  ? If so, you should see Form 8606 attached to your tax return showing your contribution and you dont have to take it out..Unfortunately, you did not timely file your 2015 return, which restricts your options.  


I went to print my 2015 federal return and it has a completely different total and I dont know why.  I need to recover the one that was actually e-filed.  How can I do that?  

You are asking from TT desktop. You must save your return as you go along.  Look on your hard drive to see if you saved more than one. Also see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return 


Her amendment caused her to owe taxes.   The Treasury cashed our check for the amount owed.  How can I know if they have processed her amendment or just cashed the check?  

It takes months to process amended returns, so youll have to file your own return by mail.  


Ehy does my rxpeci delivery date fir my taxed say N/a  

This is a known problem. To check the status, go to the IRS website.  


I have the divorce decree but my return is being rejected like she claimed them.  What do I do?  

Claim the children and file by mail. The IRS will sort it out.  


hard to place all details in the box above. I was charged for state refund when I did not want to pay for it, as I was not filing it. I thought I would be charged for actually filing, but at that point I had already indicated/selected that not filing state taxes. Therefore, how can I get my refund for the money I have been charged for the state taxes I have not filed with you?  

So youre saying you did not file a state return with TurboTax at all, correct?  Neither by efile or mail.  And dont intend to?You can discuss your fees with TurboTax Support by phone.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Several years ago YouTube started showing ads on my videos. I never provided a payment method to collect the money. I also havent checked the accumulated revenue until tonight. I have accumulated almost $500 over these years. I started filling out an electronic W-9 on AdSenses website to start the process of collecting the money. But my question is, since the money has been earned year after year, will I be penalized for not paying taxes on it for each of those years? My guess is that I am not responsible for paying income taxes on it until I receive the money, but Im not sure.  

My guess is that I am not responsible for paying income taxes on it until I receive the money, but Im not sure.Thats incorrect.  Youve had constructive receipt of that money for several years.  Per the IRS:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Income although not actually reduced to a taxpayers possession is \nconstructively received by him in the taxable year during which it is \ncredited to his account, set apart for him, or otherwise made available \nso that he may draw upon it at any time, or so that he could have drawn \nupon it during the taxable year if notice of intention to withdraw had \nbeen given. However, income is not constructively received if the \ntaxpayers control of its receipt is subject to substantial limitations \nor restrictions.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There certainly were no substantial limitations or restrictions on your receipt of the money over the years.Practically speaking, I wouldnt worry about it as the amount available received in any given year and the cumulative amount are pretty immaterial.  But, legally, you have several years of missed taxable income.Tom Young  


I didn't take out loans, just paid tuition on my own. Do I get a deduction for that? It was a lot of money.  

Tuition paid on your own can be used to get a deduction or credit on a tax return. Deduction and credits for qualified education expenses (tuition, fees and in some cases books and course related materials and equipment) are tied to dependency. Whoever claims the student as a dependent (student or someone else) on their tax return is the one who can claim qualified education expenses paid out of pocket or with loans for deduction or credit. It doesnt matter who actually paid the expenses. On the other hand, scholarships that paid non qualified expenses such as room and board must be entered on the students tax return as income.  


FASFA asks for the type of tax return I filed and I can't seem to find the answer anywhere.  

Go into your TT account and look at your Federal return. If you used TT Free, it will be either a 1040EZ or a 1040A.  


It seems as if the purchase of our home hurt us more than helped? Why? I was told when you purchase a home it will help you on your taxes the following year.  

When you own a home for less than full year, you may not have enough Federal itemized deductions for that year.  


the 170,000 will be at fixed rate for 30yrs.  

Deductible interest on a HELOC is limited to the first $100,000 of debt ($50,000 if married filing separately).  There is a worksheet on page 12 of this IRS reference to help you calculate the amount of your deductible interest:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p936.pdf  


what does the truck one half way down the time line.  when will i receive my return  

Go here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


The state of GEROGIA flags all TURBO TAX when filled ELECTRONICLY The only way you can get a refund is to call the state after 30 or more business days I WSTED MY MONEY FILLING ELCETRONICLY  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779651  


When I go to the Upgrade button at the top of the screen, I select Home & Business and then the only option available to me is to deduct it from this year's return.  I have absolutely no desire to do this.  I want to pay you money.  Why is that such a hard concept?  

We can tell you how to pay.   Is your return still in preparation?  i.e., are you upgrading prior to filing, or have you already filed?  \nIn order to pay for the upgrade, the return must be open.\nOnce the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must say this years return.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.  \nIf TurboTax thinks you were finished, and your return is not open, then heres how to get it to open back up.\nGo to the 2015 Tax Timeline, then to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to open a finished return back up.)\nOnce the return is open, then go to MY ACCOUNT and follow the rest of the steps above to pay at the PRINT CENTER.\n  


I sold all my shares in this partnership last year. Yet, Turbo Tax Premier 2015 carried over from my 2014 return all the info into Form 1040 Schedule E Part II and Form 1065 schedule K-! Part I. Can I delete these pages from my 2015 return and how? FYI as a US Citizen living abroad my final return shows no refund or debit to the IRS.  

The 2014 Partnership K-1 information is carried forward into the information available for you when you are entering your 2015 data.  This is also true for any Form 1099-INT or -DIV income reports from the prior year.When you are in the interview, in PERSONAL INCOME section, on reaching the Schedule K-1- see image below - in the list of partnerships carried forward from the previous year, simply choose DELETE for the partnership where the entire holding was liquidated in the prior year. It is critical that the year in which you do liquidate all holdings in a Publicly-Traded Partnership (PTP) you do indicate in that tax year the total liquidation, so that you can benefit from the allocation of previously disallowed passive losses.  


I am trying to print my 2015 Federal Return but my state return is the only file available.  The government received my return back in March so that isn't an issue.  Not sure why I can't see it for this year because I can other years.  

Here are several ways to view/print.  Sometimes a particular PDF may \nnot have everything.  So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but for some people occasionally something is missing.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that second larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 


When I filed on 12 April, Turbo Tax showed my return as complete, paid for, and sent. But not now. I can't pull up my returns.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I owned shares in my employer, a private company purchased in 2015. We received most of the selling price for our shares, but there is an outstanding escrow amount of $2.75/share that may be paid out in 2016 should we meet certain requirements. How do I report the $2.75/share that I have not yet received?  

If your premiums are taken out before tax (not included in Box 1 of your W-2), they can not be claimed as a deduction. If your employer has a Sect. 125 or Cafeteria benefits plan, then the premiums are taken out pre-tax and not deductible. If you are unsure, you can check with your HR or payroll department.  


Now we were audited for it? I think that was not my fault.  

Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions \n\n\n\n\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n\n\n>>> click on the Review tab and fix any errors if needed>>> click on My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return>>> print off the form 1040 & 8962\n\n \n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2  


how do i do this?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I am not working at all this year. He is paying even though his name is not on the deed or the loan.  

He cannot deduct any of that.There are two requirements for a deduction: 1. the taxpayer must actually pay it and 2. He must be legally obligated to pay it. Since he is neither on the deed or mortgage, he cannot use the deductions.You could take the position, his paying the expenses was a gift to you, so you could deduct it. But since you have no income, that will do you no good.Once you are married, and filing a joint return, it will not matter whos funds were used. You may deduct the expenses.  


I did not pay for Obamacare but I did pay for my works health insurance. Do I still need to mark that I had health insurance from the marketplace?  

Yes you do and you need to get a copy of the form 1095-A from your parents to complete your return.  


I did both my federal and NY returns through e-filing, but it's been 3 months and no return yet. Now that I log on, it says that my returns are ready to mail. Isn't this supposed to happen electronically? I mean they asked for my bank information to direct deposit it. If that's the case then I missed the April 18 deadline to mail it in, so what now?  

Did you complete the FILE tab all the way to the end and hit the transmit now for both the federal & state returns?   Just entering the DD info will not get the returns filed.  If you didn't do so then log in and complete the FILE tab now to efile them.  To open an archived return click on "add a state" then click on the FILE tab and continue thru all the screens. Once you have efiled you will get 2 emails for both the fed & state returns ... the first says you were filed and the second more important one says they were accepted for processing.  Then check the progress this way ....Check Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or rejected.  - Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.- It will tell you when you E-filed- The electronic filing dateSee the following TurboTax support article on checking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-returnFor the Feds:http://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Where's-My-Refund-It's-Quick,-Easy,-and-Securehttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraudhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questionshttp://www.claimsjournal.com/news/national/2016/02/19/268937.htmFor the states:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


Can I down load this somewhere?  

Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user name\nand password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I am buying a house and I need all that for my pre approval  

Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user name\nand password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I am living with my boyfriend.  

If you do qualify as a dependent on his return then he is responsible to either carry insurance on  you all year or pay the penalty for not doing so. There\nare two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC) and other\n(Qualifying Relative in IRS parlance even though they dont have to\nactually be related). There is no income limit for a QC but there is an age\nlimit and a residency requirement.\n\nHere are the\ncomplete rules for Claiming an Exemption for a Dependent:\n\n- You cannot claim any dependents if you, or\nyour spouse if filing jointly, could be claimed as a dependent by another\ntaxpayer.\n- You cannot claim a married person who files\na joint return as a dependent unless that joint return is only a claim for\nrefund and there would be no tax liability for either spouse on separate\nreturns.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a\nresident of Canada or Mexico.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is your qualifying child or qualifying relative.\n\nRequirements\nto be a Qualifying Child:\n\n\n1. The child must be your son, daughter,\nstepchild, foster child, brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant of any of them.\n2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the\nend of the year and younger than you (or your spouse, if filing jointly), (b)\nunder age 24 at the end of the year, a full-time student and younger than you\n(or your spouse, if filing jointly), (c) any age if permanently and totally\ndisabled.\n3. The child must have lived with you for more\nthan half of the year (except for temporary absences such as for school)\n4. The child must not have provided more than\nhalf of his or her support for the year.\n5. The child is not filing a joint return for\nthe year (unless that\nreturn is filed only as a claim for refund).\n6. If the child meets the rules to be a\nqualifying child of more\nthan one person, you must be the person\nentitled to claim\nthe child as a qualifying child.\n\nRequirements\nto be a Qualifying Relative:\n\n1. The person cannot be your qualifying child\nor the qualifying child of any other taxpayer.\n2. The person either (a) be related to your in\none of the following ways:\nYour child, stepchild, foster child, or a\ndescendant of any of them\nYour brother, sister, half brother, half\nsister, stepbrother, or stepsister.\nYour father, mother, grandparent, or other\ndirect ancestor, but not foster parent.\nYour stepfather or stepmother.\nA son or daughter of your brother or sister.\nA brother or sister of your father or mother.\nYour son-in-law, daughter-in-law,\nfather-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law.\nor (b) must\nlive with you all year as a member of your household (and your relationship\nmust not violate local  law  cohabitation is still illegal in Michigan &\nMississippi).\n3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4,050 for the 2016 tax\nyear (social security does not count).\n4. You must provide more than half of the\npersons total support for the year.\n\nThere is a very good worksheet to help you\ndetermine how much support you provide. It is on page 15 of IRS Pub. 501\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf\n\n  


This seems abnormally high compared previous years...Home and Biz, Va, N.C and Feds.  Where can I find my statement?  

With your tax return open, click on My Account then Tools then My Fees to see what you are being charged for. 


had to amend return because we had not received our 1095-A  

The form 8880 should not have changed at all however what you may be seeing is the credit being used to pay off the extra tax and is no longer in your refund.  Review the form 8880 and the form 1040 to see what is happening.  


We are both graduate students earning taxable stipends. Since I have always lived on campus, I file nonresident status for MA, carry a CO drivers license and vote as a Coloradan. He lives off campus and became a MA resident. Can I retain my CO residency after we get married? Would we file separately on MA taxes? Could we still file jointly on federal taxes?  

Yes you can file a joint federal return and separate state returns. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301995  


I need my tax bill drafted from my banking account. Interests is accruing and I had set up for the money to be drafted on Feb, 20, 2016. Please advice and help with this situation. My balance owed now shows 3,359.00!  

The following is the standard answer ... however if the debit hasnt happened yet then it probably never will so you need to make other arrangements to keep  the interest from accruing further ... you can pay online directly at :  https://www.irs.gov/payments\n  \n\n  \n    When will my tax payment go through?\n  \n\n\nDuring non-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on\nthe payment date you specify, assuming your e-filed return has already been\naccepted (received) by the IRS.  If you didnt specify a date then the default date was 4/18/16 this year. \n\nIf that date happens to fall on a weekend or federal\nholiday, the funds are typically withdrawn the next business day.\n\n\n\nIf\nyou still dont see the debit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted,\ncall IRS e-file Payment Services at 1-888-353-4537 or contact your state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nfederal and state cover sheets with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf you owed tax, they will show the payment\ninformation and how you decided to pay.  \n\n>If you indicated pay by mail, then you need to\nmail in a check.  \n\n>If you selected credit card, it will probably be\nprocessed in a couple of days.  \n\n>If you selected debit from your bank account, that\ninformation is passed on to the state and IRS and they will do the debit when\nthey process your return information -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4\nweeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If\nyou also owe the state ...\nread the state payment instructions carefully since most states cannot be paid\nfrom within the TT system and requires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n  \n  \n\n  \n    \n  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n  


My wife and I are the only two members of our new LLC (2016). I have read in the FAQ here that we can continue to use Home & Business for future TurboTax. Do we need to declare a specific exception? Or if we live in the same common household then is that automatic? We are going to begin filing estimated tax payments, so I want to make sure there is nothing special we need to do.  

Delaware is not a community property state. Therefore an LLC with two spouses as the only members must be treated as a partnership for tax purposes. There is no exception, automatic or otherwise. The LLC must file a Form 1065 partnership tax return. In the partnership return there will be a Schedule K-1 for each partner (member or owner). You enter the information from your Schedule K-1 in your personal Form 1040 tax return.You cannot use TurboTax Home & Business to file the Form 1065 partnership return. You need TurboTax Business for that. TurboTax Business is a different product from Home & Business. TurboTax Business cannot be used to file your personal Form 1040 tax return. You will still need one of the personal editions of TurboTax to file your personal return. If you use the CD or download TurboTax software you could use Home & Business or any of the other personal editions. If you use TurboTax Online you would have to use Premier or Home & Business in order to enter the K-1 information.Although the partnership has to file a tax return, it does not pay any tax. The income and expenses of the partnership are passed through from the partnership return to your personal return, via the Schedule K-1. Therefore in deciding how much estimated tax to pay for your personal taxes, you need to take into consideration the income from the partnership.  


Anyone know what this means?  

Im not 100% positive youre in the same boat as me, but I had this message as well and then got a letter from the IRS saying I needed to verify my identity.  


I haven't receive my refund and I'm charged 34.99. Why would that happen if the tax refund is not deposit into my account.  

Did you file your tax return or did you stop when you paid the fees?   You have to complete the filing with your signature and then transmit the return. You would receive two emails from Turbotax, one to say it was transmitted then one later to say accepted or rejected.  Check your filing status. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  If it says you have not filed-open your account and file.Turbotax does not refund your taxes-the government does.  If it says filed then look at the IRS site to see what your refund process is https://www.irs.gov/refunds\n\n 


My employment status changed to independent contractor in March 2016 and I will make much less than I did last year  

With your tax return open, type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Say no to the question about your W-4.  


I paid total of $102.82  and did not use the product because it kept showing me some error message when I was trying to file. I tried calling customer service several times but I would not get any answers after waiting for over an hour.  

You must contact TurboTax directly to request a refund. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041When arranging a call during normal Pacific time business hours, use billing issue as the subject rather than refund.  


My Federal Refund was accepted on Feb. 16th. It is May 17th and I still haven't recieved my refund. I received my State refund within 2-3 weeks. The IRS site says still being processed. I really don't know what to do to get a better status on what is going on.My return was extremely simple. Single, normal income from my job, nothing else.  

Unfortunately only the IRS can tell you what is happening with your tax return and the refund. Have you tried calling the IRS? 800 829-1040You might try contacting the Taxpayer Advocate at 877 777-4778 or going to a local IRS office. 


She was still in school and just recently was married in April so she should still classify as my dependent even though she filed her own taxes would someone contact me and clarify this thank you.  

Your tax return would have been rejected if your daughter filed a return (or a joint return with her new husband) claiming her own exemption.  so she should still classify as my dependentIts unclear by April whether you mean April 2015 or April 2016.  However, if the former (she married in 2015) and she filed a joint return with her new husband then she does not qualify as your dependent.  There are some situations where either one of you could claim her but if she chooses to file a joint return then the choice is hers and she no longer is your dependent.If she was married in 2016 then she may have been your dependent in 2015.  Consequently, its almost certain that your reject was because the return she filed and claimed her own exemption.  Only one of you can claim it.  If she did and she qualified as your dependent:\nShe needs to file an amended return stating she can be claimed by another taxpayer and,\nYou need to file on paper, as it will only continue to reject.\n\n  


I need old returns.  I need to know how far back you have returns stored.  I need them from before 2010.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


how do i print my state form  

If you only chose to send your federal by mail you wont be able to print your state ones until after you file. Go to your Account, Click on taxes, opt to download to your PC / device then print.  


My wife signed up for an HDHP family plan through her company after I lost my job on April 4th. I then started a new job on May 16th and am planning on switching to a family plan on my insurance (a non-HDHP) and dropping my wife's HDHP insurance. She was covered on the HDHP plan on May 1st. Is my wife still eligible to contribute 1/12th of the yearly contribution limit into her HSA account before the end of the month without having to pay any penalties or is there a rule that you must be covered by the HDHP for the entire month in order to be eligible for contributions?  

REvised answer--As stated by dmerz, you must be eligible for an HSA contribution on the first day the entire month. This is also explicit in the instructions for Form 8889.  


My earned income was ~$1500 for the 2015 tax year, but I have interest income from two savings accounts that total about $1800. I noticed that if you are below a certain threshold, you don't have to file taxes each year. None of the papers I have received show a positive federal income tax withheld. In addition to these forms, I have proof of health insurance coverage and a 1098-T for my scholarships given. Should I file or disregard for the 2015 tax year?  

You must file a tax return to pay self employment tax on the 1099-MISC earned income. You must report the earned income,  interest income and scholarship income that paid for non qualified education expenses on your tax return but you will not owe any federal income tax because your total income is less than $10,300.  


We did not receive RMD for five years. Do we need to file revised taxes for each year or only Form 5329 for each year?  

According to this previous TT answer, filing just the 5329 forms should be sufficient.  If you have not yet filed your 2015 return, attach the 2015 5329 form to it:https://accountants-community.intuit.com/questions/185707-failure-to-take-rmd  


I have already filed my 2015 tax return, but I need to print off my 2014 tax return to apply for an apartment in New York. I am willing to pay the fees but it is not clear in the instructions how to do this.  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - If the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


My husband and I will be filing jointly and claiming his son this year as TX residence. We are self employed and run the company together. We both also carry separate jobs that do not offer health insurance plans. He pays health insurance premiums out of pocket for both he and his son as well as other health expenses not covered by the plan. I do not have a plan at all. We plan on filing a Schedule C for the company. Can we deduct his out of pocket premium expenses and other medical expenses incurred on the Schedule C? If so, should we add it as an owner deposit, then deduct it? Or simply deduct it as a company expense? Any other suggestions would help as Im sure Im not realizing every option.  

You can take the self-employed health insurance deduction for the premiums that your husband paid. You enter it in the business expenses section of TurboTax, but it does not go on Schedule C. The deduction appears on Form 1040 line 29.The self-employed health insurance deduction is only for insurance premiums, not for other medical expenses. The other medical expenses can be included in the itemized deduction for medical expenses on Schedule A. You enter them in the personal section of TurboTax, not under the business.  


i have lose my w-2s and i need my refund statment to get my house  

To print your tax return, look for a .tax file on your computer.TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.  See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2  


I already received my refund. Now I do not know what to do.  

duplicate post  


IRS says I made an epayment when I filed. I dont recall doing this. I made my payment on EFTPS. Does the TurboTax software automaticically make an epayment when I efile?  

No.  The TurboTax software cannot make any type of tax payment.  


ITS SAYING I HAVE TWO PENDING TRANSACTIONS AND MY EXPECTING DATE IS THE 20 TWODAYS AGO IT STATED MY REFUND WAS THERE AND LET ME HAVE $20 NOW IM NEG $23 WHY WHERES MY REFUND  

NaN = Not a Number.This is  known TT issue. However,, TT refund dates are just estimates, so check the IRS website.And who let you have $30?  The Netspend card?  


What do I do?  

Follow the instructions in the IRS letter.  


how can I get a copy of 1040a I filed in 2014 on turbo tax  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


What is the wait time in getting Kansas state refunds? I filed my taxes with turbo tax on 23 January 2016 and I am still waiting for my state refund. I will not be using turbo tax next year because no one will talk to you.  

Also see this:http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/article20363778.html  


How to go about and get answers or dispute the notice on the owing amount? What is the best advice? Thanks.  

Im assuming you meant a CP 23 notice, not CR23.First you need to know whether the CP23 notice is correct or not.  The notice states that the IRS thinks the estimated tax payments on your return are incorrect.  Are they?  You need to:\nReview the notice.  It should contain a list of payments the IRS applied to your account.\nCompare the payments you made and see if the IRS notice is correct, or if they omitted a payment that you made.\nIf the IRS list is correct and doesnt match your return, just send them a check.If the IRS list omits a payment you made, then you need to get support for the payment (such as a copy of the cancelled check) and use it to reply to the notice to convince the IRS they misapplied your payment to someone elses account. 


I was a partial resident in Ohio for 2015, and now live in NC. The w2's that have local income tax are both from Ohio. I can't seem to find where this information fits.  

Just enter each of the entire W-2 forms in Federal taxes; Wages and Income. The program will place the info where it is required.  


When I did my taxes I opted to receive a card with the money on it. I got the card but it came empty. It didn't have my refund on it. Any suggestions on who I can call or what I can do?  

The money does not go on the card until the IRS or state actually issues the refund.  You can check the status of your Federal refund here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


I removed my son as a dependent from my federal tax but somehow it put my daughters information in at the Earned Income tax credit portion twice. I want to remove this from the line 12 of the EITC. How do I do that since it automatically fills that in?  

Duplicate post  


How do I file my other forms.  

You only file 1 return with all your income on it.  If you have not filed the first tax return then you can go back and add more.  But if you already filed the first return then you need to mail in an amended 1040X form to fix it and add more.IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section.  


I received a letter from the Idaho tax commission.   Instead of paying 64.00 dollars they are saying that I need to pay 428.00.   Their explanation is that I put one of the W2 twice.  What do I do now?  

You are responsible for the accuracy of your tax return.Print the return and examine it to see if your wages and tax withheld from wages are incorrect.If you filed with incorrect numbers, pay the tax due.With corrections, your state tax return should show a tax due of $428.  


What does my father pay in taxes for selling his stock to gift his children 14,000 each  

That depends upon how much of a gain (if any) is realized from the sale of the stock.The cash gifts to each of his children are neither deductible to him, nor taxable to the children.  


I already own the desktop version of TurboTax and have used the product for many years.  

Yes, if you are using the Desktop CD/Download program. If you are using the Window's Desktop Software you can save your return or copy it with a different name.  Go to FILE - SAVE AS.  Then you can use the copy to test out different things.  Be sure to give it a name you know is the test file.  Like name it TEST. Or in the Desktop software you can do a What-if worksheet.Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right. Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet. It's right under Estimated Taxes.   Or tryGo into Forms View. Once there, at the top of the left column, click on the icon for "Open Form". A popup window will appear. In the text line, type the word "what" without quotes. You should see "what-if worksheet" appear as a selection choice. Double-click it to launch the form. 


got a notice CP63  my identy was stolen in 2014 someone else filed under my name.  Federal was not filled?  need to get this fixed ASAP!  

You need to mail in your tax return with form 14039, \n\nIdentity Theft Affidavit, with a legible copy of driver license or other IDs requested.  Send a check payment with your return, if required.  


im unable to complete purchase of 2014 1099  

Go here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


It is weird that the website says that you get a Visa card,and instead I got a Mastercard card  

Hi,It shouldnt matter at all MC or Visa-- theyre both as widely accepted; see fine-print below. Also shouldnt matter, but both card-types can be issued by one of three banks as outlined below. I think its a non-issue.Good job getting a return! Invest it!Best,-MiguelThis was the fine-print: The NetSpend Visa Prepaid Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. The NetSpend Prepaid MasterCard is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated. The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company; Members FDIC. Please see back of your Card for its issuing bank. NetSpend, a TSYS Company, is a registered agent of The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company. The NetSpend Visa Prepaid Card may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The NetSpend Prepaid MasterCard may be used everywhere Debit MasterCard is accepted. Certain products and services may be licensed under U.S. Patent Nos. 6,000,608 and 6,189,787. Use of the Card Account is subject to funds availability and ID verification. Transaction fees, terms and conditions apply to the use and reloading of the Card Account. See Cardholder Agreement for details.\n\n  


Somebody told me before to use another number for international issues but that number gives me no info on my INDIVIDUAL tax return, so please, somebody, I really need help here it's almost been 17 weeks since I made my tax filind I don't know what to do anymore.  

The IRS Office in Philadelphia provides international tax assistance. This office is open Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Eastern time and can be contacted by:\nPhone: 1 (267) 941-1000 (not toll-free)\nFAX:1 (267) 941-1055\nEmail: Email the IRS(e-mail is for general tax questions; NOT questions regarding your tax account)\nMail: Internal Revenue ServicePhiladelphia, Pa 19255-0725 USA\n  


My  information doesn't show on "Where's my refund?" and before it was being "processed" and remained being processed for 2 weeks now, but since yesterday, there's no file at all. What's going on? This is frustrating.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I've tried the "where's my refund?" page several time and nothing.  Any phone number to the IRS I've tried has been automated and then disconnects me. Any suggestions would be appreciated.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


The letter says the premature distributions from a qualified plan are subject to a 10% additional tax. Exceptions may apply as indicated by Publication 17 or 590. I am trying to sift through these to see if I am exempt. The withdrawal was due to an involuntary layoff when I had a loan out.  

See what code you entered in Box 7 of the 1099-R.  The odds are you did not enter the code of 1 as should have been shown on your paper 1099-R  


Can not access 2015 returns.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


i've been using disc on this computer can i use online now ?  

Yes, you can use the TurboTax online editions for the current tax year even if you used the desktop CD/Download editions for the prior tax year.  You will need to transfer the prior year tax data file from the computer where it was created to the online account.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to transfer from the computer to the online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3006086-can-i-transfer-my-2014-turbotax-return-from-my-computer-to...Go to this TurboTax website for the online editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You should know that there are some program differences between the desktop CD/Download editions and the online editions -\nThe online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download edition can complete multiple tax returns at no charge.\nThe online editions have an additional charge for a state tax return.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download editions have the state program download free for one state (except the Basic edition).\nThe online editions do not have direct access to any forms, schedules or worksheets.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download editions do have direct access to all forms, schedules and worksheets through Forms mode.\n 


I have only received half of my refund.  Where is the other half and why haven't i received it yet?  

Assuming that any TT fees you had deducted dont add up to the missing half, the IRS will be sending you a letter within the next couple of weeks..  


If I still need to pay for the upgrade, how do I do this since I didn't file my 2015 taxes with turbo tax?  

You needed to pay for one of the TurboTax 2014 online editions of Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business so your prior year online editions would be available until October 15, 2016.  You can start and pay for a 2015 online edition and all your prior year editions will be available until October 15, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I'd like to know your charge for 2015 income tax fee.I need the receipt fot it  

You can see your fees by opening your tax return and clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees.  


I submitted requested paperwork and was informed that it was received but havent heard back. My wife is convinced it was a scam but company names match sweepstakes rules so I dont believed that.  

Please contact TT Support:\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n  


My checking account was compromised because the extra auto withdrawal was not expected and 5 personal checks bounced costing me an extra $140.Please help me get my refund from the IRS Tax Payment service.Miriam [remove all personal information]  

Turbotax cannot intervene with the IRS on this. You must contact the IRS yourself, although it it likely that they will return the duplicate payment to you at some point.Why did you enter your banking account info if you mailed them a cashiers check?  


I also have a W-2 for the year that I need to add and can't determine where to add in the information for the P60- don't qualify for having lived here long enough either yet. Should I wait and file when I meet that requirement in July?  

i was responsible of all taxs in 2014I  was an xepemt inployee so i did not receuve any tipsai I did not work in any contry outside the United States  


where do I go to get the address I put when filed my 2014 ntaxes  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


The Where's My Refund site said my refund was released on May 11th. I have called my bank and they do not have any pending transactions for my federal refund. I have gotten my state refund but have NOT gotten my federal refund. The site said it should have been credited by no later than May 16th and it is May 17th. Where is my refund?  

Did you have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund?  If you did, your refund is first sent to the bank that handles the transaction.  They deduct your fees, then deposit the rest of your refund into your bank.  It can take an additional day or two.\n\nYou can check your refund status on\nthe banks website at, look under Refund Information\n\nhttp://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us----------------------------------------------\n\nContact information\n\nToll-Free\nnumber - 877-908-7228\n\nEmail:  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/requests/new\n\n  


I received your answer.  The settlement is not for punitive damages.  But theya re giving me a `1099.  What do I do with that when I file my taxes.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2258712-will-i-owe-taxes-for-a-personal-injury-settlement-i-receiv...  


\n\nWe are one-income family, file a married filling joint return\nevery year. This year, my mother in law, who is living overseas; is very ill and my wife would travel abroad to stay\nand take care of her. She will be taking the kids who are currently in elementary school with her since I would not be able to\ntake care of them while I am working full time. They will enroll in school there this year. I will keep\nsending them money to cover their living and pay for my kids\nschools over there. Can I claim these expenses in my tax return?\n\n  

Unfortunately there is no deduction for those expenses.  


I intend to claim him as a dependent, and he will not make enough to have to file his own individual return. It appears I will not have to show his income nor his Roth IRA contribution on my tax return. Which makes me nervous about how it should be  properly documented. Perhaps it is safest for him to file his own return, and show that he can be claimed as a dependent on someone else's return. Thanks for your help.  

He files his own return.He marks he is a dependent of others.Then follow the rules for determining if he earned enough to be allowed to take a Roth IRA deduction. (you did not include his compensation)His compensation would not be included on your return. Investment income is handled differently and I am not addressing that issue. Your question was related to IRA contributions and those require taxable compensation; i.e. earned income.  


I need to open my 2015 tax form/return . I did not print it because I thought that I could open it at any time. I need to fill out a 8962 form and need to know what my AGI is exactly. I cannot find how to open my return to see my 1040.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My husband is a builder and had a loss. I apparently checked the not at risk box which caused a carryover, I thought that I had fixed it but apparently it did not. As long as I never use the carryover, does it matter? I am just losing the use of the loss against income correct?  

VolvoGirl is correct in that you need to amend your tax return.Taxpayers are not at liberty to pick and choose the year in which they take allowed losses.  Additionally, the IRS now has money that belongs to you.The IRS will not allow you to take the 2015 allowed losses in any tax year other than 2015.  Amend now to avoid moving on and possibly forgetting and several years later the statute closes and you lose the ability to take the losses.  


I filed my tax return on Saturday, May 14, 2016 but still not received confirmation from Federal and State for acceptance  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


in canada we have postal codes not zip code what do i do  

You need to log into the Canada site, not the US site.www.turbotax.ca  (not .com) 


How do I get my 2014 file?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


We need to amend our 2015 Form 5329. The on-line program is not allowing me to do so (it does nothing when I press update). I filed using the IOS app using my iPad. If I am unable to update using the on-line program, how do I get the MAC program without paying additional money, since we already paid $99 to file using the iPad app.  

Here are directions on how to amend, but if you are having problems with the app which it sounds like, try a different device, if its an Apple device go right through Safari,  and search and log into turbotax.com. And remember you have to print and mail it they don`t accept amendments online.\n\n\n\nSign in to your TurboTax account. \nClick Taxes in the upper left corner.\nIn the 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend (change) return. If you dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You can make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\nIn the pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\nClick Continue on the Well help you change (amend) your return screen.\nFollow the on-screen directions to amend your return.It is completely normal if your refund drops to zero or does strange things while you are amending. Your calculations will come out correctly in the end.\n\nWhen youre done, well give you instructions to print and mail your amended return because they cant be e-filed.\n\n\n  


For some reason, I didn't input my mortgage interest and property taxes, so Turbo Tax recommended I file a 1040A.  I want to amend my return by filing a regular 1040.  

You do not re-file a tax return that has already been received and accepted by the IRS.  You file an amended tax return, Form 1040X.  The amended return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.If you used TurboTax online editions to originally file the 2013 tax return, then follow the procedure in the this TurboTax support FAQ for amending the 2013 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-do-i-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbota...  


I got a scam call about taxes. Before I realized what was happening I gave out my DOB and last four SS digits and mentioned that I use TurboTax. Is there anything I need to do with TurboTax to prevent identity theft?  

Turbotax\nhas a new feature that tracks the dates, times, and approximate locations your\naccount was accessed.  You can log in and check this feature.  Make\nsure you log in by typing the address in your web browser and check for the\npadlock icon that means you have a verified connection.  Click Account\nTools, then Security, then scroll down for access history.\n\nBe\naware that the date and time will be accurate, but the location may be less\naccurate, especially if you are using a cell phone. Determining location from\nan internet address is notoriously prone to error.   But, any overseas\naccess is definitely a problem.  If there are log ins you dont recognize,\nyou can call customer support, and also take steps (below) to secure your\naccount better. \n\nTo\nsecure your account, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address\ninto your browser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or\nwhatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change\nyour password, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou\nalso have the option to turn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.\n With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or\ncell phone when you try to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your\npassword and also has possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is\nmore likely to be the real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication\nwhenever you log in from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you\ncan turn it on for all log-ins in your security settings.\n\nAlso see these two FAQs about the emails being sent to\nalert users on the new security measures:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\nand\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I need to refile from the year before last, how do I go about this?  

You mean change or correct a prior year return?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


all it says is "Attach the first copy or Copy B of Form(s) w-2 to the front of your form 1040.  

You do not need to mail a 1099-MISC.  


;  

To do an amendment you will need the corrected return Form 1040 and the original return (incorrect) Form 1040 side by side. Then refer to the Instructions for Form 1040X and the Form 1040X, both available from www.irs.gov. Its pretty straight forward.Form 1040X becomes your new tax return.  


need information to purchase a home  

Yes if you filed with turbotax in 13 and 14 they will have them on file.  


Ive been doing this volunteer work at another one of their facilities very close to home.  Now this other facility would like me to do the same work for them so theyve offered to pay me per session.  That income seems like it would be reported as a 1099-misc and I initially thought the mileage to and from would be reimbursed at the volunteer rate of $0.14 / per mile.  But since the cash would essentially put it in the category of a business, Im unclear about the expense of traveling back and forth.  Does it qualify for Schedule C reimbursement or is their facility the office and there is no mileage that qualifies for reimbursement?  

If you are being paid to provide services, you are in fact self employed.  Accordingly, you will have a business mileage deduction and I would put the income and expense on a Schedule C in order to obtain the higher deduction and have less of a reason to make it subject to the 2% business expense exclusion. 


I keep getting preview on the documents once downloaded.  

After you preview the return the next step is to look at it and select what you want to print.  


When I sent my State return in there was no option to decline it, just "accept" or "X" to stop everything.  I didn't want it but it was the last day from being late so I had to accept and now want a refund of $39.99.  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I wuold prefer to not use form 888 if possible, don't have a printer and am on my way out to send it all. thanks  

Form 8888 is for splitting the refund between 2 different accounts (like half to checking, half to savings).   If you only have 1 account, Form 8888 isn't needed.  You can just use the boxes on the 1040 Line 76.  


I understand it has to be for your principal residence...cant be for new construction...has a lifetime limit of $200 for windows...but I cant find anything that determines whether low E glass is enough to qualify.  Thank you  

The window must be Energy Star certified.  You can check the manufacturers website.See this Energy Star website - https://www.energystar.gov/about/federal_tax_creditsFederal Tax Credits: Windows, Doors & SkylightsWindows, doors and skylights that earn the ENERGY STAR save energy, improve comfort and help protect the environment.Tax Credit Amount: 10% of costNote: There is a total credit limit of $200 for windows/doors/skylights for all years since 2005.  For purposes of figuring the credit, do not include labor costs.Requirements:Must be ENERGY STAR certified 


My parents who live in Colombia and who are non U.S. citizens nor residents want to send me money as a gift from a U.S. bank account located in New York City. I am a U.S resident, a green card holder. We have read form 3520 and understand all it says. However, since my parents will be transferring the money from the bank in New York City to my bank account located in Texas, we wonder if that gift will still be considered a foreign gift.Any clarification on this matter will be very helpful.Thanks!  

Both the parties are US Residents, both accounts are US bank accounts. So it must be a Domestic gift, not a foreign gift.  


i am waiting since April 19 to get my refund  

Follow the 5071c notice instructions to complete the required directions .... until you comply the return will not be processed and the refund will not be released.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter  


I submitted my complete return in mid April.  I need access  to my return so thati I can send some parts of the complete for  I failed to attach.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Ive been planning to buy the house but this is very bad timing.  Last year I was laid off from a $100k+/yr job, the same week I went to the banks to try and buy it.   My question, what can I do to claim my income to use it for the home buying process.  Her parents will most likely waive the down payment as weve paid over 30,000 in rent over the last 2 years.  

The IRS also\nconsiders undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work\nperformed, to be self employment income reported on a Sch C if you are not incorporated. I assume you\nare using the Home & Business version?  It goes under General\nIncome.\n\nGo to Business tab- then Continue\nChoose Explore on my own or Ill choose what\nto work on  (if it comes up)\n\nThen..\nBusiness Income and Expenses - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\nThen click EDIT by your business name and the\nnext screen should be a list of topics, \nBusiness Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of\nGoods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.\n \nClick Start or Update by Business Income\nThen Either\nby 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update button\nOr by General\nIncome for Business Income not\nreported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n  


I understand that it takes around 21 days but for direct deposits they estimate around two weeks tops.  

The 21 days for a tax refund to be sent is a target set by the IRS.  It is not a guarantee that you will receive the tax refund after 21 days from the receipt of your return by the IRS.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


The account is one IRS has deposited returns into for years.  

**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  


Return was accepted on 4/11 and $$ was supposed to be withdrawn on 4/18.  

At this point you should be concerned ... check your payment information.      When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe  


I am starting a yacht chartering business. I plan to buy a boat in which I will live on board full time and would consider my primary residence. I will also be chartering paying guests acting as captain on the boat and business owner. Can I deduct interest payments on the loan used to purchase the boat since it would be my primary residence? Can I deduct business expenses incurred in running the business(dockage fees, maintenance, supplies, etc)? Can I claim a home office deduction? Can the purchase price of the boat be considered a business expense to claim under section 179?  

Yes you can deduct the interest costs as well as all other business expenses.  regarding living aboard.  you need to think of two different approaches.   1) is the boat your home and you use it for business or 2) is the boat an  office/business and you live there.   if 2) you will be able to deduct many expenses since it is a business, but you would need to set a value for living there and declare it as income. the section179 question, under certain conditions you may be able to accelerate the depreciation.the over riding consideration is how are you setting up the business, sole, S-corp, C-corp,  llp, llc.  some of the answers listed above go away based on the structure of your business. 


I'm having a hard time paying for the plus. I just am trying to get a copy of my 2014 tax return  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Error check resulted in this re. Form 1116 (copy 12) Explanation Stm. Detailed Explanati9on - 1 must be completed. It must show the Other Deduction items for line 3B col. a  

I think I understand your question.  If you look at the actual return it highlights the error and you can fill it in or fix right on the form.  I hope this helps!  


It was brought to my attention that the amount in line 7 on my 1040A form (which is generated by TurboTax after following through the program) in 2015 did not match the added amount from my W2s. I realized that my tax return from 2014 was included in my taxable income, but I am still several hundred dollars short of the amount that was entered in line 7. If I pay for a more extensive version of TurboTax, will it show me what amounts were used to get that total for line 7 for the 2015 tax form?  

Answered in comments.  


Does turbo tax access the rps service does the service ask for direct deposit info to have a return filed  

Ive just gone through all your other posts, and you stated you were accepted for a paper check feb 4 2016 If you are getting a paper refund check, the Refund Processing Service does not get involved at all, since you are not getting a direct deposit. The check is mailed directly to you from the IRS.Only the IRS can tell you the status.  


I used turbo tax deluxe edition and paid for it. where are my documents?  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I suppose because I didn't claim her as last year you assume that she is adopted?!  

There is an issue in that section where None of the above is able to be selected.  Do not select any of the options shown, Adopted or Foster, and continue with the Dependent interview.  This should be corrected by 5/20.See this TurboTax support FAQ for this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358503-unable-to-select-none-of-the-above-on-tell-us-about-your-c...  


I don't want to use TurboTax anymore and need to cancel my account. How can I do it?Thank you.  

You cant really close\nyour account, but you can delete all your info and abandon it, if you\nwish.  Your account will still be available for you to use at some point\nin the future, as long as you use the same User ID and password. You could also\nindicate that Intuit emails are spam to keep them out of your regular email.\n\nHeres how to clear out your return:\n\n1.     Sign in to TurboTax Online.\n\n2.     On the left side, click Tools. (Dont see the side menu on the left? Click here for help.)\n\n3.     Click Clear your 2015 return\nand start over.\n\no   \nIf you already paid,\nyoull get the message You cannot clear your return.\n\n4.     (Optional) In the pop-up, uncheck the\nbox Re-transfer my data after clearing if you dont want last years data to\ntransfer over.\n\n5.     Click Yes to confirm\n\n\nYou would choose Clear your 2015 return and start over, but then\nsimply dont start over.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 


My TurboTax homepage says that I might qualify to be exempt from the health insurance penalty that I paid--I did not know I paid one. I have been abroad all year and shouldn't have a penalty. I thought I didn't, but now my account says I did. How do I know if I did?  

Look at your tax return ... form 1040 line 61.  If there is an amount there then you paid a penalty.  


this account is for a different person  

You will have to start a New account with a New unique user ID.  The online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Go to this TurboTax website and choose the edition you need and start a New account - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  


Would love to be able to speak to someone on the telephone to be able to better solve my problem, if i could get a phone number please?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your order\nclick on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time\nMon  - Fri. Submit your question/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number\nwill be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data\nfile and  


I have my girlfriend and daughter living with me for the last 6 years. My girlfriend doesn't work and I provide way more than half the financial support for the child. I want to claim my stepdaughter, so to speak, but her dad pays for her medical insurance as its in the divorce decree. The IRS is telling me that I cant claim her without providing proof that I pay for or provide her medical insurance. I talked to the IRS and they seemed even confused over their own laws. Is there anyone else dealing with this situation as its very strange to be a provider full time but get told that you cant get a tax credit because of medical insurance even though there is nothing I can do about that.  

Here are the Qualifying Relative rules for claiming a non-relative as a dependent.  Just providing health insurance does not mean the father can claim the child if you are providing over one-half the childs support and the child has lived in your home for the entire year.  And you not providing health insurance for the child does not disqualify you from being able to claim the child.Qualifying Relative -1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4,000 (social security does not count) in 20154. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year.6. The person must not file a joint return with their spouse.Note - In the TurboTax program for a dependent you would choose the option shown Other person and NOT Your Child.  In the dropdown provided in Other person you would choose Other  


I am looking to get my 2014 tax returns. I believe I have to upgrade to do so?  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you have already filed the 2015 return ....Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return 


(Apparently, someone used my wife's social security number to file a tax return before we did.  We got a PIN this year to prevent that.)  

Try using the Taxpayer advocates office to see what is happening with the 2014 return.....At the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer\nAdvocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the\nTaxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/About-TAS/Who-We-Are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the\nTaxpayer Advocate Service works::\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


the response on my question about the refund a few days ago was that it was there "2days ago", but is still not on the Netspend card  

The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to\n3 business days.\n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  and see if the refund was issued.\n\n\n\nIf you used the refund processing service if you had them withhold the TT fee from the refund....Check  SBTPG by logging into\ntheir website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/   \n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nCheck at netspend :  NetSpend\nCustomer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.\n\nhttps://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml  


State of Ohio said that I can't file electronically this year as a result, need Turbotax filing fee refunded.  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


My federal refund was supposed to be $4,551.00 but I only got $4,198.69 deposited into my account (a difference of $352.31).  TurboTax fees were $116 paid by bank draft so I'm just wondering why I lost some of my refund?  I have not gotten any letters in the mail from the IRS or any other entity saying that some of my refund would be garnished.  Does Turbo Tax get any notification when that happens?  If so, why was I not notified?  

The IRS will send you a letter explaining why they reduced the amount of your refund. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get the refund.For more information, see the following FAQ. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288510  


since already paid for 2015 how can I get taxes for 2013  

Since you didnt save a paper copy or a PDF back then you will need to contact TT support to get the 2013 return unlocked. Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\nUnless you want to bite the bullet and pay for another 2015 program to unlock it ....If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


why cant i get my prior tax returns when i have used the same account the last few years.  

If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I'm trying to help out my friend by watching her 4 children while her and her husband are at work. I am a stay at home mom and my husband claims me and our children as dependents. Is there a monthly limit or amount that she claim without me having to pay a lot in taxes? So she can claim the childcare credit but then I only have to pay a small amount or none at all in taxes when we file next year. I did it a few years back with my sister and I can't remember what the amount was or is.  

There are a couple of issues that may affect you. If you are paid more than $2000 (in 2016) for the year, you may be considered an employee. If you are an independent contractor, that does not apply. The difference can be complex and you should seek personal assistance.If you are an independent contractor, you need to claim all your income as self employment income. In addition, if you make more than $400 (from all sources), you will have to pay self employment taxes. Thats a bit over 15%. (This is probably the limit you were looking for). Those paying you can claim up to $6000 a year in Dependent Care Credit, if their children meet the age and other requirements.  


please response me in this email <dhakal.contact@gmail.com> or 6515001096  

You cannot efile an amended return. It must be printed and mailed. 


We been through a divorce and need a copy of our 1040 from 2013.  We now have separate accounts with turbo tax.  How can we get a copy?  

Assuming you dont have copies yourself and your ex does not have it I am pretty sure you could get a copy from the IRS. I go to IRS.govYou can get the phone number there and when I call them I try to find a time like at night when they are not too busy. They should be able to tell you how to get the copy from them.  


I feel like I've tried the answers that are already on the site but none seem to cover what I need or I'm not understanding....  

There are a variety of employee stock plans. Incentive Stock Options are just one type and have some beneficial tax treatment under certain circumstances. A full discussion is here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Investments-and-Taxes/Incentive-Stock-Options/INF1204...Looks like Premier will provide you the guidance youll want for this.  


did i use Turbo Tax to file 2014 taxes  

Well, you could look to see if you have multiple accounts, and if one of them has a filed 2014 return in it.   If you find it, then the question is answered.  If you dont find it, then you still dont know for sure and would have to phone TurboTax Support.   Or you can just phone TurboTax Support in the first place and ask.   You may end up having to call them anyway.   Heres how to look for multiple accounts.   Then once you have a list of your User IDs, sign into each one and look in the 2014 Tax Timeline.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you didnt find evidence of a filed return after all that, then phone TurboTax Support, and they should be able to tell you definitively if you filed through TurboTax or not.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need to modify page two because of an updated 1095-A from the Insurance Marketplace.  

Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2 


Yes I need a phone number to call you so this can be taken care of.  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  


Please help!  

Even though you think you have only 1 account, run the tool below.  Many people end up with more than one account without realizing it.   Multiple accounts can use the same email address for notification purposes.  A User ID does not have to be an email address.Are you sure you used the Online version in 2014?   A desktop return (CD/download) will not be present in an online account.If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find returns, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I clearly entered my credit card info. WHY did my PA tax not get paid? Now PA is billing me with a penalty!  

Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.  


Can you please give me more details on this matter? Also, if needed, can I use my HSA money in India for medical purposes? What records I have to maintain?  

See this previous TT answer:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2448065-is-mortgage-interest-on-a-foreign-home-loan-deductibleYes, HSA funds can be used for qualified (as defined by the IRS) medical expenses overseas.  


Also we live in Texas and the medical support is being drop by court order in the next month or so.  

If there is an outstanding debt by a government entity then yes your refund will probably be offset. Check here for information on offsets https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.htmlYou cannot claim her as a dependent. You must file with her as a spouse on a MFJ return or you must file MFS. You can file as an injured spouse so they do not take your portion of refund https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3051957-injuried-spouse#If you know that it is being forgiven in the near future and you are already past the due date(did you file an extension?) you might wait to file until it is settled. There is no penalty if you have a refund due. 


I've been a victim of identity theft before so I filed by mail ?  

The IRS will process your return however both of you will get a letter in the mail later asking the person who filed incorrectly to amend their return.  If neither of you amend the return then the IRS sends a second request ... this time asking each of you to prove why you should claim the children and the winner gets the children.  Read up on the tie breaker rules here ... https://www.eitc.irs.gov/Tax-Preparer-Toolkit/faqs/tiebreakers   &  http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/pubs/p596-009.htm  


This is for my wife. She filed late last year so I heard putting "0"in AIG might solve this?  

If you didnt file a joint 2014 return and she filed after 10/15/15 then using a ZERO for the 2014 AGI is the correct thing to do.  If you are rejected again just give up and mail in the returns.  


Form 1099-Q box 1 gross dist. is less than billed, why would I be taxed for this amount?  

The rules are for the 1098-T are that the school is to fill out either box 1 or box 2 but not both.... so your schoold decided to use only box 2. Now as you enter all your education expenses and the distribution from the 1099-Q if the amount of the amount of the 1099-Q is greater than all qualifying education expenses then the excess is considered taxable income.  So if all the 1099-Q funds were used for qualifying education expenses then you didnt complete the education section correctly ... please review and make the needed changes in that section.  


i am applying for financial aid but it asks that i look on a IRS form on line 37 but i did my taxes through turbo tax and dont have any paper or documents to look these items up.  

From IRS-You should keep copies of your tax returns as part of your tax records. They can help you prepare future tax returns, and you will need them if you file an amended return or are audited. Copies of your returns and other records can be helpful to your survivor or the executor or administrator of your estate. Or, when applying for financial aid.Having filed through TurboTAX you can get a print copy of your return up until Oct 15th. After that your tax return will be locked until you pay again next year.  


In this question, the following has ALREADY happened:1) IRS sent money to CVista, the ACH time period passes2) CVista (the Ohio bank tt uses) receives and credits actual funds in "my" temporary account3) CVista deducted the feesWhen will CVista will electronically initiate the ACH transfer of the balance of my refund to my bank (the bancorp bank). How long before funds ARE ACTUALLY ELECTRONICALLY SUBMITTED via ACH for final deposit in my bank account?  

CVista, for various reasons, may be holding your refund for ID verification. You should contact them.  


When I sign in, it is acting as if I am filing a new return - there is not a button to press to access my rejected return. Please help! Thank you  

\n\n\nNo, you dont have to be on the same computer if using TurboTax Online.  You DO have to be in the right account, however.\nIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.\n 


I've known 2014 had been rejected and I owe $$ on it, but found out that has been rejected as early as 2013. Think I finally fixed the issue, how do I go back and resubmit files.  

Only way to do this is by mail. IRS has closed prior years. Separately and attach your check. If something is off believe me the IRS will correspond with you. Is best if you send the check with the forms to avoid more penalties and fines. I did this years ago for my husband had to do them by hand unless you have turbo tax for those years which I didnt.  


should get earn credit  

Social Security Disability income does not count for the Earned Income Credit.  


No information from Louisiana has been mailed and it's been over 100 days since I filed my Louisiana state taxes on turbotax.  I live in Texas.  

The Louisiana D.O.R. website says:\nThe expected refund processing time for returns filed electronically \nis up to 60 days. For paper returns, taxpayers should expect to wait 12 \nto 14 weeks.\n\n\tSome returns, whether electronic or paper, are randomly selected for \nreview. If your return has been selected for review, then the review \nprocess can take up to 16 weeks.\n\nYou can phone the Louisiana D.O.R. and see what you can find out.   Here is how you can get a phone number:https://esweb.revenue.louisiana.gov/ContactUs/default.aspx  


I have e-filed my tax return but requested by IRS to provide copy of 1095-A and 8962 which I previously did not have.  I have read all your online help files such as this one below.  But after I either Amend or tried to save as a new file, the health care screen would not pop out a question related to Obama care.  I know its right there but I just cannot get to that screen.  Please tell me what to do.https://images.turbotax.intuit.com/iqcms/support/lib/Lee%20Ferris/2015_%20IRS_%20letter_8962_CD_Down...  

In the Health Insurance\nsection of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A. 


I want my timeline to show I filed my taxes for 2015. I have no clue why It is making me start over.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


Don't know if its a known problem or if they are keeping our money or what. Just been so long and don't know what went wrong we filed through turbo tax last year and got it in a couple of weeks and thought it would go good again and now me and my wife have lost everything waiting for the money...  

Since its been so long, and since you have a hardship, you can enlist the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service to assist you.  Be sure you tell them you are asking due to a hardship.At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 


On my return I stated that I had Health Coverage Through the Affordable Healthcare Act however I did not receive a tax form from them so I filed without filling in my healthcare information. I received a letter from the IRS stating that if I do not call my health insurance to send me a copy of my form and file it then the IRS will deduct extra from my federal tax return. I chose to not file my healthcare form so I expect my federal refund to be deducted for this decision however I havent seen any deductions and I havent received my federal refund yet.  

Since this is a new procedure ( allowing you to fix your return mid processing) the time lines are not yet set but others have reported that it has taken 4 months or more to process the return if you choose not to respond. Not sure why you wouldnt ... to get the 1095-A sent to you only requires a phone call and they are open 24/7 so getting thru is not an issue.  You may want to do so and amend the return later.  https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/ 


When I filed my taxes I chose direct deposit. My account is no longer open. IRS website states they issued my refund to my bank on May 11th 2016. Do I need to do anything to be issued a paper check and how long will it take to recieve? Thank you.  

Once the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will automatically convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen and there is nothing you can do to speed up the process. 


I am self-employed and work from home. Our home is a rented property. I believe I can deduce the % of my home that is used as a dedicated office. Where do I enter in that information?  

Use schedule C and use the percentage of your home that is used for work to calculate your expenses.For example, if 20% of the space of your home is used for work and your rent is $12,000 per year, the rent for your business is $12,000 X 0.20 = $2,400.00. The same is calculations apply to other services, such as your electric and heating bills. And, if you hire someone to clean your house, you can deduct 20% of that expense.  


I need to know if my refund was approved or not. why i get this message on the wheres my refund site  

TT gets that info from the IRS site but it doesnt control the IRS and nothing can happen until the IRS actually makes the deposit. Since you used the Refund Processing Service to pay the TT fees you will need to follow your refund thru the process as that email indicates ... When you choose the option to pay the\nTurboTax fees out of the Federal refund that is handled by a third-party\ncompany called SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG\nreceives your refund from the IRS at one of their 2 banks--Sunrise Banks of St.\nPaul, MN, or Citizens/Civista Banking Co. of Sandusky, OH.  That bank sets\nup a temporary account for you to receive the refund, and then takes out the\nTurboTax fees.  It then sends the remainder on to your bank account in a\nsecond direct deposit.  If that deposit fails, the intermediary bank will\nmail you a check.\n\nYou can check on the status of your\nrefund at SBTPG by logging into their website at:\n\nhttps://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOf you can get 24-hour automated info by\nphone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nOr you can get live customer support\nduring their business hours:   1-877-908-7228\n\nWhen you phone the live taxpayer number, follow these steps:\n\nWhen prompted, press 1 for English.\nWhen prompted, press 1 for current year product.\nAt next prompt, listen to all 3 choices, then Press 3 to speak to agent. 


Bryan and Sabrina  are the names of the returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Dear community, I need your opinion on the following\nquestion I am having. After filing my 2015 taxes I discovered two small issues\non my return. I earlier posted questions about these in this community. I wonder\nif any/all of these issues combined is a reason to amend my return? Correcting\nthese issues does not make a difference in taxes, no change to my tax refund at\nall.Refer to two of my former posts:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3353957-duplicate-lines-generated-by-turbotax-on-form-8965-part-ii...andhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3357639-bona-fide-residence-test-forced-to-enter-minimum-of-1-day-...I wonder if any/all of these issues combined is a reason to\namend my return? Your opinion on this issue is highly appreciated.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThank you  

No need to amend.As I mentioned on your first link, it is correct.As bine22 said on your second link, there is probably not a need to amend if it does not change the tax due.  Just keep your records in case something were to come up in the future.  


i just got it how do i admen my tax form  

If this is in response to an IRS letter .... Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2  


I need a copy of my 2014 tax return.  Is that possible?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need a copy of my 2015 taxes... asap!HELP!!!  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


On the question "This child is..." only the adopted or foster options are active.  

See the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132  


I need to access my 2010, 2011 tax returns from my old account with a different email address. I reset password  using old email account but not showing old returns.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website using the same\nuser ID & password as the previous tax year \n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ \n \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your\norder click on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is currently open from 8am to 5pm\nPacific time Mon  Fri.   Submit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly\nwith a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download edition 


I need my W-2s from the last 2 years. The "All Forms and Worksheet" option for the past tax year provides that, but previous years do not have that option listed.  

The PDF download from the prior year Timeline should already include all forms and worksheets.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Im a TX resident, but for the last 10 weeks (all in 2016) I have driven to a temp (contract) job in MO 4 days/week. I work remote on Friday, and 1 week a month. How is it legal for MO and KC to tax people without giving them representation?The good news is that Im about to start another job in TX, so I wont have to keep driving to MO. But, according to what Ive read, MO wants me to report all of my income to them - including what I earn after I leave that job.Also, Im about to get divorced, so theoretically my tax rate will increase.  How do I report that?Basically, I dont like paying taxes to a state I dont live in, and have no representation.Is there a state or federal tax credit I qualify for?  

Sorry but you have to pay taxes to any state where you either live or work ... no way around that.  If your resident state had an income tax you would have gotten a credit for the taxes paid to MO on the same income taxed in TX ... but since TX has no income tax it is a mute subject. All you can do is file the non resident MO return next Jan to get a refund of any excess withholding if any.  


No details in the call no phone number to call. Also i thought if there were discrepancies turbo tax would alert me.  

The phone call you received is a total scam.  The IRS does not initiate phone calls or send email to taxpayers.  They communicate with taxpayers through the US mail.See this IRS website for phone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz...  


I do NOT need my turbotax receipt  

Your proof of payment for income taxes paid, depending on how you chose to pay the taxes owed, will either be your cancelled check, bank statement or credit card statement showing the payee.  The IRS and/or States do not send receipts of tax payments.  


I need a loan. I need to know if their is a certain amount that has to be saved before you can ask for a loan.  

You have to ask the 401k plan or your employer.   Each plan can be different.  


My daughter claimed herself  and I did also. My tax return was rejected. She amended her return and resent it. Now I want to resend my rejected return with my daughter as a dependant. how do I do that.  

Sorry you cant.  You will have to mail your return this year since her ssn is already in the IRS database (even if she amends it).  


I can not find my return on this site I printed out my finished form.  

What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To check with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted,check at this Turbotax site.  


How long does it take to get a transcript  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/transcript-availability  


It is not where I was told it would be. please help  

If you are working on your 2015 return just go to the Wages and Income section and edit the W-2 that you entered.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nOn Wages and Salaries, click the start or update button.  Click on edit for the W-2 you want to review\nIf you have already filed your tax return - TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html  


Why isn't there a LIVE representative that I can talk to???  

The new profile will not access the return that you completed.  You have to sign onto the account using the exact same user ID that you used to create the account.  Since you have changed your account information, it would be best now to contact TurboTax support for assistance so you can access the 2015 return and then e-file the return.  Also, there is no penalty for filing a tax return after the due date if you are receiving a tax refund.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


It says I must get started.  I have already filed and gotten my refund  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


When I did my 2015 taxes, Turbotax said "For both types of 529 plans, contributions are not tax-deductible; however, you never have to pay tax on the income your investment earns each year."My 529 says that I can deduct $4000 a year for Virgina State income Tax. see linkhttp://www.virginia529.com/features-and-benefits/tax-advantaged/index.php  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5204821  


She was on unemployment most of the year. She did rely on her boyfriend (they arent married that's why son was removed from his return, plus they seen she filed a return) and myself to help support her and her kids. One is mine, the other is his. Since he can't claim my son, and she's already filed(by the way her return went to her student loans) can I claim him and file HOH or does she have to amend her return and could she file HOH. If she did would it all go to her student loans? And here's another twist our divorce isn't final and we r not legally separated, but have not lived together in 3 years.  

It is unlikely that your estranged spouse can claim HOH, since it does not appear that she (with an income of only $6000) provided more than 50% of the support for the entire household in which she lives with her boyfriend. But thats not your concern anyway.Please see the requirements that Texas Roger listed for HOH, and count the number of nights your son spent with you.  If they do not add up to at least 183, then you cannot claim him as a dependent, nor can you claim HOH.  


My mortgage lender is concerned about the discrepancy between my tax return direct deposit and the amount reflected in my return.  I know that this is due to the TurboTax fee, but I cannot find the receipt to reflect that and am unable to print it out from my TurboTax account.  

If you have signed\nonto your 2015 online account and working on the 2015 tax return, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Tools.\n Then on My Fees\n\nOr -\n\nIf you have filed your 2015\ntax returns and they have been accepted,\nwhen you sign onto your online\naccount and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Get order details\n\nOr -\n\nUse this TurboTax website\nto check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n\n\n\n\n  


how much state taxes would i get if i made 1200 nd the state took 250 out,, igot 1100 from federal  ut ther sayin 160 from state is tht correct anyone help me?  

We have no way of knowing that, since it depends upon which state and myriad other factors.  Federal and State tax laws are different, so go by what the State return says.  


i havent seen it posted on the IRS.gov website , or received anything in the mail , nor do i know when it will be sent to me.  It was mailed out to them at least 3 or more wks ago, i took it to the post office , so wouldnt get lost.  when should i hear back  

Amended returns take about 4 months to process.  See this:https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/amended-return-frequently-asked-...  


When I attempt to get help from audit support, it will only allow me to enter federal IRS info. Whats up?  

If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4163413  


what were my property taxes reported for 2015  

Call the Treasurers office and ask for another tax statement.  


He needs a copy and when I go onto my account only mine comes up.  

TT Online is only good for one return per account. If you did yours after his in the same account, you overwrote his..  See this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return  


Do SSI payments to my daughter make her self supporting?  

Are the SS payments really enough to pay for 1/2 of her total support?  Since SS benefits do not count as income and $8400 is probably not enough to count as self supporting you should be able to claim your daughter ... here are the rules : \n  \nHere are the complete rules  ... see if you qualify...\n- You cannot claim any dependents if you, or\nyour spouse if filing jointly, could be claimed as a dependent by another\ntaxpayer.\n- You cannot claim a married person who files a\njoint return as a dependent unless that joint return is only a claim for refund\nand there would be no tax liability for either spouse on separate returns.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a\nresident of Canada or Mexico.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is your qualifying child or qualifying relative.\n\nTest to\nbe a Qualifying Child:\n1. The child must be your son, daughter,\nstepchild, foster child, brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant of any of them.\n2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the end\nof the year and younger than you (or your spouse, if filing jointly), (b) under\nage 24 at the end of the year, a full-time student and younger than you (or\nyour spouse, if filing jointly), (c) any age if permanently and totally\ndisabled.\n3. The child must have lived with you for more\nthan half of the year (except for temporary absences such as for school)\n4. The child must not have provided more than\nhalf of his or her support for the year.\n5. The child is not filing a joint return for\nthe year (unless that\nreturn is filed only as a claim for refund).\n6. If the child meets the rules to be a\nqualifying child of more\nthan one person, you must be the person entitled\nto claim\nthe child as a qualifying child.\n\nTest to\nbe a Qualifying Relative:\n\n1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or\nthe qualifying child of any other taxpayer.\n2. The person either (a) be related to your in\none of the following ways:\nYour child, stepchild, foster child, or a\ndescendant of any of them\nYour brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, or stepsister.\nYour father, mother, grandparent, or other\ndirect ancestor, but not foster parent.\nYour stepfather or stepmother.\nA son or daughter of your brother or sister.\nA brother or sister of your father or mother.\nYour son-in-law, daughter-in-law, father-in-law,\nmother-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law.\nor (b) must live with you all year as a member\nof your household (and your relationship must not violate local law).\n3. The persons gross income for the year must\nbe less than $4,000 (social security does not count).\n4. You must provide more than half of the\npersons total support for the year.\n\nThere is a very good worksheet to help you\ndetermine how much support you provide. It is on page 15 of IRS Pub. 501\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf  


I filed 2010 taxes using turbotax but did not submit state taxes. is there a way I can do that now? and I cant find my w2 so is it possible the information is still in the system  

TurboTax does not support tax year 2010 so you cannot file a state return using TurboTax.  If you completed the 2010 state return using TurboTax but did not file the return and you used the online editions, you can download a PDF of your return which will include both the federal and state tax returns.  However, since you did not file the state return it may have a watermark on the pages that say Preview Only or something similar.  If it does you cannot use that print out of the state return to send to the state.  You will need to access your states tax authority website and get the forms, schedules and instructions for tax year 2010 which should be available.TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  For a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Not sure how to answer the percentage of coverage questions.  

If she is your dependent, you dont allocate anything for the percentages.If she is not your dependent, see this post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur... 


Hello, I purchased a home in 2015 and replaced the fence around the parameter.  The cost was about $8000; is this something I can get a credit for?  

On your personal residence?  No.On a rental property? Yes.  


my birthdate is  you keep rejecting it.. I want to pay my $507.  December  Maybe you guys want date first but I dont think so  I also fixed this months ago (personal info removed)  

The IRS (not TT) is saying the birthdate is wrong.  Please contact the Social Security Admin (which is where the IRS gets this info). They may have a different date in their records.  


I filed in January of 2016 and I have received my federal return but I got a letter in the mail from the franchise tax board saying that they can not find any information from my social security number that I even filed for my 2015 taxes. I just went onto my account here and there is nothing in my tax timeline saying I did taxes.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your State return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


return information only.  I do not see how to continue.  

Work\n through the the Form W-4 and estimated taxes interview under the \nOther Tax Situations tab.  Enter your best guesses of income, deductible business expenses, other\ndeductions, exemptions, tax credits, withholding, etc., etc.  and see if \nestimated taxes are really NECESSARY in the first place.  Its OK to owe\n the IRS a large amount of money when you prepare your income tax \nreturn.  You just dont want to be underpaid and get hit with \nunderpayment penalties.As part of this exercise youll need to enter your 2015 information - if you didnt use TurboTax to prepare your 2015 income tax return - so that TurboTax can properly calculate the safe harbors that get you to the point where you wont be underpaid.Tom Young  


I probably didn't save it, but I am having hard time getting an electronic pdf copy  

TT Online autosaves. In order to access your return, you must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  To see if you have more than one TT account, see the information below.\n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have.\n  


It is more than 6 weeks that my mailed tax refund was delivered to IRS office. I checked my status online and on the automated phone call, but no status available. I want to know how I can check about the status, whether my tax return delivered properly and is under processing, etc. I need a phone number to call and talk directly (no automated response). Thanks.  

In your other post, you said you also sent a W-7 form. Per the IRS, allow 8 to 10 weeks if you submit documents during peak processing periods (January 15 through April 30).http://www.immihelp.com/newcomer/individual-taxpayer-identification-number-itin.pdf  


We received a stipend then decided to pay it back, which made it turn into an no interest loan.  Therefore, the stipend is no longer 1099 income.  We got the stipend for 5 months of last year, and are going to pay it back this year, so we still got a 1099 income form, but it is no longer income. How do we file that?  

You report the stipend in 2015 and report the payback in 2016.\n\nIf\nyou repy amounts reported as income in the prior year -\n\n\nif the\n     amount is $3,000 or less, it is a miscellaneous itemized deduction subject\n     to the 2% limitation.\nif the\n     amount is more than $3,000, it is a miscellaneous itemized deduction which\n     is not subject to the 2% limitation.\n\n\nIf\nthe amount was received under a claim of right (you had\nunrestricted use of the funds but later found out you didnt), you have one\nmore choice:  if the amount is more than\n$3,000, you can choose instead to claim a credit for the additional tax\nincurred by reporting the repaid amount in income. See IRS Publication 525 for an\nexplanation of that method. Look under deductions and credits, then other\ndeductible expenses, then less common expenses if the amount is under $3,000. \n\nTurboTax\non-line does not support the claim of right computation. TurboTax desktop,\nin the forms mode, permits the credit to be entered in the smart\nworksheet above line 72, but you still would need to compute it manually.\n\n  


I filed my last years taxes old school style with pen and paper. I seriously doubt I did as thorough a job as TurboTax would have done and I now regret it. As well, I just received something from the state reminding me to file my state taxes for that same year, which I had not done.I would now like to use TurboTax (if possible) to refile my previous years federal return to see if I missed some things and my state return also.Is this something easily achieved in TurboTax?Are there any special steps that I need to follow, or is it simply entering the numbers into the return as I would do normally?  

To amend a prior year return where you didnt use TT you will need to buy the 2014 program and enter the originally filed return first until the return in the program looks exactly like the one you filed.  Then you will amend the federal return and only then complete the original state return (do not amend the state since you never filed an original). https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


I upgraded to home and business... I am an independent contractor, but I don't own a business  

Anyone who is an independent contractor and receives a 1099-MISC or no form to report his income is considered to be in their own business by the IRS. You need to file a schedule C with your form 1040. Home & Business is the best online product to enter your income and expenses with. You enter them in the Business section.  


I e-filed the 2015 Federal return, but have not yet e-filed the California return.I then ammended the  2015 Federal return and TurboTax generates a California  540x. I still need to submit a 540x(California amended) even though I have never submitted a State return in the first place?Is that correct?  

No, you do not, if you have not yet filed California.  Turbotax does not know that, which is why it generated the 540X.  


Used Turbo Tax last year and this, and need for a loan  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


This dates back to March 3rd.  IRS has not been helpful.  Need to know what account monies were deposited.  

You will need to speak with an agent who can access your account information.  Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.  


How do I start?  

You cant use the current online product to prepare a 2014 tax return. You must buy and download the 2014 product and install it on your computer. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Prior year tax returns must be printed and mailed. They cannot be efiled.  


nys audited me.  

It means exactly what it says. NYS has finished its audit, and will be sending you a letter within 30 days with the results.  


I took an HSA Distribution just now and want to make sure I reserve part of it for the taxes and penalty that I will owe on it when I file my 2016 tax return.  How should I calculate that amount? I expect a 20% penalty . Additionally, is there a way for me to file this now so I don't have to worry about it later, or do I need to wait for the end of the year?  

I assume you took the distribution and did not use the distribution to pay qualified medical expenses, hence the 20% penalty.In addition to the 20% penalty youll also owe taxes at whatever your marginal tax rate is, and nobody know that rate but you.  Probably a 15% - 20% rate will be be fine.  Unless this additional income is so large compared to your regular income, which Im assuming is subject to withholding taxes, theres no real need to pay the tax and penalty at this time and you should be able to wait until you file your 2016 income tax return.You can always make an estimated tax payment in the amount of 35% to 40% of the distribution, submitting your check along with a Form 1040ES voucher.  (https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf  page 11).  Then when you prepare your 2016 income tax return youll report this payment on line 65 of Form 1040 (2016 estimated tax payments and amount applied from 2015 return) as a tax credit.  Tom Young  


i have a Roth  but having a hard time rolling it over because its only 786.35 what should i do to invest or get penalized ?  

Most brokerages or fund companies that offer brokerage accounts  that are self-directed will take your account..  You can buy one share of Amazon for $8 commission at Fidelity, for example. A better investment than a bank CD, by any measure.  


I filed pretty early had everything accepted February 15th. I called 21 days later when I still didnt have my refund, and they said something happened/it would be 8 more weeks. Fast forward to almost the end of MAY and I still havent gotten it! I tried calling a while ago and they started to quiz me on my past taxes and I didnt know an answer so they told me to order a transcript. Both the online transcript order and the automated phone order tell me that there was a problem with my request and dont allow me to get transcripts sent. And now I keep calling and keep getting the automated hang up (due to the high volume and the nature of your call blah blah). Please someone help I am so flustered and this is my first time really doing tax stuff :(  

Are you tracking your return on the IRS web site? What does it say: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.htmlYou might try get the Taxpayer Advocate involved. Here is the phone number: 877 777-4778 


When I select the year from my timeline, I get this message: Oops, it looks like you need to pay first before you can download and print your prior year returns. Then I follow the directions and upgraded to PLUS (which is now greyed out), but every time I try to access the view/print feature, I'm told I haven't paid yet  

To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Has been a while since the day I signed out for my taxes refound (January 19) and till now I still having no answer about them. In the home page shows that them have been accepted, but when I go to IRS said that still in process. I'm worried because I did the process with my group (about 12 people) and most of them received the check (some of them did it just one month ago, and they got it already)Is there any way you can help me to find out what is happening?  

There is no one on this site or at TurboTax that can find out what is going on. Have you called the IRS? 800 829-1040.You might try involving a Taxpayer Advocate at the IRS. Here is the phone number: 877 777-4778  


I do not have my own check book.  

Are you asking if you can pay your owed taxes with a check belonging to your parents bank account?As long as your parents are OK with it, sure! The state will take the money, they dont care who pays it as long as they get paid!  


I need to start a new tax return for 2014  

start a new 2014 return with Turbotax 2014 CD / Download version running on your own computer.  


I paid 94.98 for TurboTax online.....did I already pay to e-file?  

How do you know his amended return cleared? It must be printed and mailed and takes 16 weeks or longer to process. Even after it is processed, the IRS database may not be cleared to allow you to efile. You can try efiling and see if it rejects or not. If it does, you will need to mail your return.There is no extra fee for efiling. The fees are to pay for the preparation of the tax return.  


I don't know what's happening. I have never had a problem  before. I have used Turbo tax many times.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filled an extension for the first time this year and for some reason my prior year information such as dependents isnt showing. My husband is the primary income earner but it seems to think I am  

It really doesnt matter who earns how much ... the important thing is to keep the taxpayer & spouse listed in the same position every tax year so you dont confuse the IRS. Now your issue is probably that you filed an extension under a different account than you usually use so ...just log in under your usual UserID and only use that account and abandon the other account that you started to file the extension. 


tell me how to pay you and I would be glad to do so!!!!!!  

\n\n\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n  


I can not find my 2015 document  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My ex husband and I legally separated in May and I moved to my own home.  He moved out December 2014, but he and I were still on the mortgage together.  I only claimed my portion of daycare expenses, but did not claim my son as a dependent.  I was unaware I needed to file the form 8332 until he went to file his taxes a few weeks later.  Upon that realization, I sent the form in (I had already received my refund).  My exs tax return got denied yet a second time.  Im aware it can take up to 16 weeks for the paperwork for the 8332 to process, which would put that sometime in July.  My questions are:- Will I receive correspondence informing me that the paperwork was filed?- If after the paperwork is filed, and my ex still cannot claim my son, can I amend my return to claim him this year?  - What did I do wrong (other than not file the 8332)?  - Is there anything I can do to expedite this process?I followed the prompts from TurboTax that said it was okay to claim daycare, even though I wasnt claiming my son as a dependent.  Im extremely frustrated and just trying to fix this all.  Thank you all for your time.\n  

You do not file an 8332, you give it to your ex.  When he efiles his return he indicates that he is the NONcustodial parent but has the 8332.  Then HE sends it in with a transmittal form that Turbo tax will provide.  Your ex is doing something wrong.And YOU should claim ALL the daycare expenses.  Your ex can claim him as a dependent (with the Form 8332) but he cannot claim any child care expenses (because he is the noncustodial parent).  


can I deduct and deposit in SEP IRA this year up until my birthday in September?  

For your SEP-IRA, unless you filed an extension, the deadline for a 2015 contribution would have been April 18th.  You can make a SEP contribution now without an extension, but it will considered a contribution for tax year 2016.  It has nothing to do with an RMD that will be required once you become 70 1/2.  If your 70th birthday is September 2016, you will not be required to take an RMD from your SEP until April 1 of 2018.  


I don't see the option to print my 2015 returns...  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


How would one find out the previous years filing PIN?  

You should have written down and kept your PIN for use now. But TurboTAX may have remembered it for you.Otherwise you have available the other option: enter your AGI from 2014 instead of a PIN.  


What lm wondering is if she takes lump sum of $60K, is tax taken off the top. Or do we hold back and pay in April? Also, how much would we lose? Thx.  

You can request that the trustee withhold tax which is just like W-2 withholding.  The withholding will be applied to offset your tax liability when you file.   The tax that you actually pay will be based on your marginal tax rate as the IRA distribution is taxed as ordinary income.  


The school loans I paid interest on are from when I attended schools in CA.  

If you are a CA resident going to school in OR, and if your purpose for being in OR is to attend school, then you retain your CA residency and are an OR non-resident.Since you asked about deduction in OR, I presume you had OR-sourced income while in school there.As an OR non-resident, you are only taxed by OR on OR-sourced income.You of course also must file a resident CA tax return form 540. OR's tax process begins with your federal adjusted gross income, then it adds and subtracts values where OR does not conform to federal tax laws.Your student loan interest (up to a limit) is an "above the line" entry on your federal return.  It is not a "deduction" on either state's income tax return, but instead it is an "adjustment" to income on your federal return.So, it is not included in your federal AGI.Since both CA and OR conform to the provision for exclusion of a certain amount of student interest, neither state's tax return adds back the student interest adjustment from your federal return.See the instructions on page 16 of the OR non-resident tax return booklet at:   https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/forms/FormsPubs/part-year_101-045_2015.pdfAlso see the federal provisions on student loan deduction at:   https://www.irs.gov/publications/p970/ch04.html  


I am single with one bank account, one RRSP account, and employment income.  

Very simply! Super user friendly !Excellent superb efficiency i loved it i am never going back to a tax office( no they didnt pay me to say this)Maybe they should  Lol good luck  


Im trying to print off my tax information from when I filed but it seems to be missing within my account. IT keeps asking me to select a product but no history  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I just need an updated page 2 of my return not an amended return. Can I get this by amending my return in Turbo Tax?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


it shows start my 2015 taxes but i did it through turbo tax and got my refund why i can not find it?  

You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


I was audited on my 2013 Tax return. I need to move business expenses from a Schedule C to a Form 1065, How do I do this with Turbotax?  

Unfortunately, there is absolutely no connectivity between the Personal program [your Schedule C] and the Business program [1065].  It is going to require a total re-entry.However, I dont understand:  You filed a Form 1040 and Schedule C for 2013.  You did not file a Form 1065 at all for 2013.So now what are you planning on doing?   Sounds like you will have to:\nFile a Form 1040X Amendment and remove certain deductible expenses.\nFile a Form 1065 for those expenses.\nBut what are you doing with the business income?  Doesnt it also flow to the 1065 along with the expenses?  


received a letter saying I could pay my back taxes through efile through turbotax  

Since you cannot efile a 2010 return any longer you cannot pay the balance due electronically.If you are filing the 2010 return now it must be mailed and you can either send a payment with the return ... OR ... pay online directly on the IRS web site...  https://www.irs.gov/payments  


For the first time ever, I had to pay, but my income is VERY limited.  I owe just over $1000.  I misunderstood the instructions and applied for a payment plan on the IRS website, and was approved for $90 a month, and requested that it be withdrawn on the 15th.  That hasn't happened yet.  So I came on turbotax website to look at the documents and see if I made a mistake.  There I discovered vouchers attached to my return, with a payment listed on them for $266 - WAY more than I can afford to pay at one time, and I don't have any idea where they came from or what they're about.  Now it's 05/18 and I'm terrified I'm going to be in trouble with the IRS and I don't know what to do!  

You are looking at the 2016 estimated payment vouchers NOT payment vouchers for the 2015 balance due.  Those forms can be ignored if you do not wish or do not need to make them.As for the installment payments ... it can take time for the debits to start.  The IRS will send you a letter either accepting or refusing your terms.  Wait for that letter before you panic. *****************************************************************************************Our tax system is\npay-as-you-go, which means youre supposed to pay tax on your income as it\ncomes rolling in.\n\nIf youre earning\nwages or a salary, your employer or payroll department takes care of that by\nwithholding taxes from each paycheck. But if you receive income that\ndoesnt come from an employer, its up to you to make estimated tax payments on that income\nif you want to avoid possible underpayment penalties.\n\nGenerally, you should\nmake estimated tax payments if you are self-employed or if you expect\nto receive significant income from non-wage sources such as retirement\naccounts, rental income, stock sales, interest, dividends, or alimony.\n\nWage-earning couples,\nparticularly those with substantial incomes, may also need to pay estimated\ntaxes if their withholdings arent enough to cover the so-called marriage\npenalty.\n\nWell automatically\nprepare estimated tax payment vouchers (Form 1040-ES) if your current tax\npayments put you at risk for an underpayment penalty next year.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nCan TurboTax calculate the estimated payments for next\nyears state taxes?\n\n        \nHow do I get credit for estimated tax payments?\n\n        \nCan TurboTax figure out next years federal estimated\ntaxes?\n\n        \nWhy Does TurboTax Print Estimated Tax Payment Vouchers?\n\n\n\n\n\n  


We received Account Adjustment Notice (DTF-160) from NY State. It said that they cannot verify our claim for a Real Property Tax Credit. We did not care the amount of adjustment so, we did not respond for it. Now, they sent us the letter asking for additional documentation. Do we have to respond for it even if we do not want to any additional refund from them? Is this any kind of audit? The letter have the form number DTF-973.81-OPls advise.  

You must respond. Indicate you waive any claim for additional refund or credit  and accept NY adjusted tax return.  


I also cannot upgrade to PLUS.  

How did\nyou prepare the 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nA full copy of the return from the IRS costs\n$50 and takes several weeks.\n\n \n\n \n\n  


Should I ask my wife to apply for SSN now? and I can wait to file the return for next 1-2 weeks?  

You will be able to file\njointly with your spouse for tax year 2015 .\n\nHowever you will need\neither a social security number (if they are eligible) or a taxpayer\nidentifying number to include your new spouse on your return.  Use IRS\nForm W-7 to apply for a Taxpayer Identifying Number.  A copy is\nhere: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw7.pdf .  You need to attach your federal tax return to the application.\n\nThe tax return and W-7 are mailed to:\n\nInternal Revenue Service\nAustin Service Center\nITIN Operation\nP.O. Box 149342\nAustin, TX 78714-9342\n\n \n\nWhen the number is issued you will receive a\nnotice in the mail and the federal return will be forwarded for\nprocessing automatically. Per\nthe answer from bine22 : \n\nFiling jointly might be\nbeneficial, but it definitely not always is.\n\nYou have three options to\nfile:\n\n1. Married filing\nseparately (or HoH if you have a qualifying child). You would have to print\nyour return and write NRA in the box for your spouses SSN/ITIN and file on\npaper.\n\n2. Married filing\nseparately (or HoH if you have a qualifying child) and claiming an exemption\nfor your spouse if they had no US source income. In this case you would need to\napply for an ITIN together with your tax return.\n\n3. Married filing jointly.\nYou would need to add a statement that you both choose to treat your spouse as\nresident alien and apply for an ITIN. However, in this case your spouse would\nhave to report worldwide income as well, but would be able to use the FEIE\nand/or foreign tax credit.\n\nYou need to carefully\nevaluate your options and choose the best for you and your spouse. They might\nnot want to expose their income to the IRS, even f its more beneficial. \nIf you yourself are eligible to use the Foreign Earned income exclusion and you\nincome is less than the maximum exclusion and you dont have any other or very\nlittle taxable income, filing separately is probably the best option.\n\nHave a look at publication 54: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf\n\n \n\n  


how come i cant see 2015 tax year when i filed with turbotax  

You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


Apparently the State Dep't of Taxes knew this was a problem and never paid refunds to those impacted.  The TurboTax State return defaults to having received the refund already and owing the state.  Since we never received a refund, we don't owe, but we cannot correct the error.  

1040X Line 18 says Overpayment, if any, shown on your original return.So your Form 1040X is correct.Your original return and your Form 1040X return will be processed separately.  


In 2013 my mother made an account for me and filed my taxes. I did not know I already has an account made when I went to file for 2014 so I made a new one. I have my 2014 and 2015 taxes filed on the second account and I just paid for the upgrade to access my older documents from 2014. Now I need my 2013 tax documents and I don't want to have to pay for the upgrade again. Is there anyway the accounts can be combined or to add my 2013 documents can be added to my new account? Thanks  

Sorry the accounts cannot be merged or combined however since you have paid for the 2015 program in a different account from the 2013 return you can ask TT support to unlock it.       Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\nYou will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


Mother and I are separated and not friendly most of the time.  She is only concerned with getting money for herself and doesn't care much for our child and is only using her as leverage to get as much money as possible from myself and the government. I want to make sure she is kept honest and does everything by the book. She's already tried to pull a few fast ones in court and with taxes and medical coverage.  

If she is the custodial parent then only she can claim the day care credit and she can claim all the day care expenses paid even if you paid them.  


I was asked for an income verification: federal income tax filing (w2 forms do not qualify). Where can I attain this / a copy of it?  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n  


I used turbotax this year. I couldn't find the tax return on my bank account so I signed in turbo tax again, and I recognized mine was rejected. I tried to fix it but I couldn't get IRS #.I asked to CPA, and he said, I used  1040-NR(Non Residence Tax Return) last year so I cannot use turbo tax this year, either.But already I used turbotax and time frame is closed.What can I do for now?  

If you submitted and were rejected your return is not filed.Just as well; if you need to file form 1040NR , TurboTAX does not support that, but other tax software packages are available that do support it. 


the website still says Ready to Mail in the Federal Return Status area.  They were mailed on April 15th.  

Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/refunds 


When going to Deductions & Credits tab under Federal taxes there is no Explore on my own tab. How do I get there?  

1. Type Form 8863 into the search bar in the upper-right hand of the screen2. Select Jump to Form 88633. Then you can edit the information as needed 


Is Turbo Tax liable for error.  

\n\nSee https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269\n. That page has a link to an Accuracy Guarantee Submission Claim Form.\n\nA notice from the IRS or a state\nwould usually mean one of several things:\n\n\nThe \n     software made an error, \nThe issuer of an information return such\n     as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \nThe IRS or state made an error in\n     processing the return, or\nThe TurboTax user entered incorrect or\n     incomplete information or did not answer questions correctly.\n\n\nThe \nTurboTax accuracy guarantee covers any additional interest or penalties\nthat you would incur, but only due to the first type of error. To submit a\nclaim, see these instructions: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269 . (Note - the TurboTax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.)\n\n  


In the final review step, it is saying fields on the work sheets are incomplete, Line 14 column d and h  and i.  They are all related to stock options (grant date, FMV on grant date, price paid to exercise, etc.) that don't apply to ESPP.  

Actually, those data do apply to an ESPP.  The elements needed for the sale of a stock acquired via an ESPP are the grant date, (the first date of the offering period), the stocks FMV at that date, the exercise date, (the date of the purchase), the FMV at that date, and the plans discount percentage.  The sale of stock acquired via an ESPP can create compensation income, which is calculated differently for a Qualified vs. an Non-qualified sale, and this compensation affects the stocks basis.It seems like you must have used the ESPP step by step interview and left this information blank.  This information is usually communicated to you by a Form 3922.Tom Young  


I recently claimed my daughter on my 2015 tax return. Her mother and I were together at the time living under the same roof. We've recently broke it off and now she is demanding half of the return I was awarded from the IRS. Am I legally allowed to keep the money I received since I am the one that claimed her first? I had the highest adjusted gross income in our household at the time and I was paying 99% of the bills.  

\n\nAm I legally allowed to keep the money I received since I am the one that claimed her first?   Yes you are allowed to keep your refund ... and in my opinion she has no right to your tax refund unless you want to voluntary give some of it to her.  \n\n And if she files a return to  assert a claim to the child then here are the IRS tie breaker rules on this matter:https://www.eitc.irs.gov/EITC-Central/abouteitc/basic-qualifications/tiebreaker  


Tax year 2014, Im domiciliary parent and have joint custody. We had no agreement on who could claim. I pay for all expenses, school tuition, health/dental insurance, take them to all their appts, they attend school in the city I live, they were always in private school, attending the same school as pre divorce. I work weekend nights where I can make the most money because I had to pay for everything, he refused to help, at that time we were in process on litigation for child support, etc. Since I work nights, wouldnt it be how many days they spent with me? Got audited for 2014 because ex claimed my son and so did I.  

If, due to a parents\nnighttime work schedule, a child lives for a\ngreater number of days, but not nights, with the\nparent who works at night, that parent is treated\nas the custodial parent. On a school day, the\nchild is treated as living at the primary residence\nregistered with the school. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf at pg 14.  


The financial aid at my college noticed there was a $4600 difference between what was sent to the IRS and the W2's I sent to them. One of my W2's was imported so I want to be able to see each dollar amount for each W2 I entered when I filed to see where the problem occurred.  

Open your TT file.  Go to the Federal Taxes tab and select Wages & Income. 


I already have federal and state tax form filled (not using TurboTax). Will you help prepare M1PR form?  

Since you did not use Turbotax, you must prepare the form yourself. 


Well I filed with turbo tax.  I received an e-mail from IRS that they accepted the return.  for several months they said they were processing it. Then they wanted another copy, I sent them one.  That's the last I heard.  I tried to go on their "where is my refund",  they (IRS) could not find my return.  

duplicate post  


My brothers father left them a few months ago. My mom gets SSI but that hardly gets them by so I help support both my brothers. Their father doesn't. If I claim them on my tax return and their father does too can he get into trouble or will I?  

Its a complex situation.To answer your basic question; If someone else claimed your dependent  inappropriately, and if they file first, your return will be rejected if\ne-filed. You would then need to file a return on paper, claiming the dependent  as  appropriate. The IRS will process your return and send you\nyour refund, in the normal time. Shortly (up to a year) thereafter, youll receive\na letter from the IRS, stating that your dependent  was claimed on another return.\nIt will tell you that if you made a mistake to file an amended return and if\nyou didnt make a mistake to do nothing. The other party will get the same\nletter you did. If one of you doesnt file an amended return, unclaiming the dependent , the next letter, from the IRS, will require you to provide proof. In your case, what is very likely to happen is the IRS will deny BOTH your claims of the dependents. Since the boys are being supported by three people, the IRS will most likely rule that nobody provides the necessary more than half their support.  In a situation like yours, where no one person  provides 50% of the support, then a multiple support agreement (IRS Form 2120) can be used, to allow you to claim the dependent. The bottom line is that the two of you have to agree who will claim each brother, or you need to be prepared to prove, conclusively, that you provide more than half their support.The boys may qualify as a\ndependent, but because they do not live with you, they cannot be a qualifying child for\nthe earned income credit, child tax credit, Head of Household filing status, or day care credit. There are two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC)* and\nstandard (Qualifying Relative in IRS parlance even though they\ndont have to actually be related). There is no income limit for a QC but there\nis an age limit and residency requirement that they live with you for more than half the year. Only a QC qualifies you for the Earned Income Credit and the\nChild Tax Credit. They are interrelated  but the rules are different for each.*My brothers father left them a few months ago. It matters, exactly when that was. If he lived with them for more than half the year; they are his qualifying children (unless the mother claims them), regardless of the support issue, and he can claim them and you cant.  


Most of my income this year will be wages, with adequate withholdings as usual. However, I may sell some ISO stock that will increase my AGI by a large fraction, without any tax being withheld. If I do sell, Id have a large income item without withholding. If I dont sell, Id incur (smaller) AMT. Regardless, I need to make estimated payments.I assume that if I sell everything say in December, using the annualized income installment method, I only need to make one estimated payment for that one quarter, cause all my previous withholdings  per quarter are sufficient. Is that correct?If I dont sell, I need to pay regular estimated tax based on AMT, which I assume cannot be made into annualized income.Is there any reasonable way to resolve this situation without deciding on whether to sell now? Is IRS penalty large? I am willing to pay it if its just 3% interest - it might be cheaper than a tax lawyer (I am relatively adept at doing my own complex taxes, but this whole estimated taxes business is one hot mess even without ISOs - I am getting married to a person who had multiple jobs including non-W2 this year, and I have moved states, might as well let IRS do the work ;))  

Paying estimates is a tricky balancing act so the best you can do is to reevaluate your potential 2016 return as situations occur and make the appropriate estimated payments as needed  OR   just wait to file the return and pay any penalty incurred.  Then you can use the annualized penalty method to reduce or eliminate the penalty.You can use the safe harbor rule to avoid a penalty  .... http://www.easyestimatedtaxes.com/estimated-tax-resources/safe-harbor-rule.htmlYou can use the 2015 program to complete 2016 estimates and change the numbers as the year goes by.  If you are not using the downloaded program you really should so that you can create multiple versions of your return and what if to your hearts delight.  You can use the 2015 TurboTax\nto make an estimate of your 2016 taxes and to print quarterly tax vouchers, but\nyou cant file your quarterly taxes with TurboTax. You can either mail your\nvouchers or you can file (more easily) using the IRS electronic payments system\n(EFTPS). See the following: https://www.eftps.gov/eftps/\n\nTo find the 1040ES in\nTurboTax:\n\nForm\n1040-ES: Individual Estimated Tax Voucher is used to submit quarterly estimated taxes to\nthe IRS.  Form W-4: Employees Withholding Allowance Certificate is submitted to your employer to change\nthe amount of taxes withheld from each paycheck.\n\nThese two forms apply\nto the following tax year, so make sure to use the correct tax year version to\ngenerate these forms. \n\n1.    Open your tax return or sign in to your\nTurboTax Online account.\n\n2.    Click the Federal Taxes tab (Personal tab in the Home & Business\nversion) and then click Other Tax Situations right below it.\n\n3.    Near the bottom of your screen, to the right\nof Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click Start or Update.\n\n4.    Follow the on-screen steps.\n\nWhen you\ngo through your state return, look for the Estimated Taxes screen, which youll see towards the\nend of your state interview.If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating a test\ncopy: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\nOr use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form\nname.. area type What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the\nworksheet - click on Open Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n \n\nYou CANNOT massage the .tax file in any way when\nusing the TT On-Line version.  ANY\nchanges (what-ifs) that you\nmake will PERMANENTLY change you .t 


I have already completed the business tax return using Turbotax Business and created the required k-1s. Do I now have to purchase turbotax again in order to complete my personal taxes?  

Yes, youll need a version of TurboTax for personal tax returns to prepare your personal income tax return.  TurboTax Business only for tax returns for corporations, partnerships, estates, trusts and multi-member LLCs (Forms 1120, 1120S, 1065 and 1041) and is a separate product from TurboTax for personal tax returns (Form 1040).  Any version of the CD/download version of TurboTax for personal tax returns is sufficient to report your Schedule K-1, although the higher versions will provide more guidance.  If you choose to use the online version instead, either TurboTax Premier or TurboTax Home and Business will be needed to enter your Schedule K-1.  (Unless you have a reason to file Schedule C, there is probably no reason to use TurboTax Home and Business over TurboTax Premier).  


The IRS said I didnt list some interest income (this is true I had some bonds mature I wasnt aware of) but they also said I miscalculated my child tax credit, my mortgage insurance deduction, and didnt have evidence for a certain amount of  student loan interest. I need a copy of my 2014 taxes or at least the amount of my adjusted gross income and I need to know what Turbo Taxs policy is in standing by your work.  I mean all I did was follow your prompts, answer questions, and then arrived at the taxes I owed.  Does Turbo Tax offer its customers any help with an issue like this?  It certainly may be that I made a mistake, but what does Turbo Tax do if it the problem is a mistake on your part?  Thanks for your help with this.  I look forward to hearing from you.  My e-mail is <removed> and phone is <removed>.  

Below is the accuracy guarantee however it sounds like what you have are user entry errors which are not covered.  Not entering the bond interest is why the child tax credit would have been off. And entering student loan interest without the form 1098-E to back it up is also a user error and the same thing for the MIP.  Sadly I thing the IRS has you dead to rights but you can challenge their decision if you can back up your position.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202723How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n  


Reject Code R0000-902-01  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899933-e-file-rejection-r0000-902-01-your-taxpayer-identification...  


When I log in to TurboTax it gives a welcome message. It seems by default it is the first person on the tax return. It is so annoying because in my case, it is not my husband it is me. Taxes suck enough without having to be welcomed to TT by husband's name. There should be a way to select whose name should show up on that screen.  

A good suggestion.I'll pass it along to the experts who review suggested changes.Of course, even the IRS refers to the first person listed on a joint return as the "Taxpayer" and the second person listed on a joint return as the "Spouse."  


I still have not received my federal return due to my checking account number being wrong, need to update to the correct information.  

If you efiled your return, you cant\nchange the direct deposit info.    \n\nOnce the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will automatically convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I already entered W2s and some deductions but there were some things I didn't have access to before the 2015 filing deadline.   Is that progress saved on Turbotax?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...  


I forgot to include my Restricted Stock sales in 2014. How do I go back and modify that? I sold shares to cover taxes so I should only be paying capital gains which is minor.  

To learn more about\namending your tax return, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-return\n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nWhat does it mean to\namend a return?\n\n        \nDo I Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill amending delay my original tax\nrefund?\n\n        \nWhat is the deadline for filing an\namended return?\n\n        \nCan I e-file my 1040X to amend my\nreturn?  


The amount sent to IRSb was what TT said I owed.  Why is IRS asking for more.?  I also have a penalty for failure to pay estimated tax, which was not even in the mix.  

The IRS has apparently made a change to your tax return for some reason. Did the note from the IRS give you the reason why? Are you saying that the amount you owe is more than the penalty for failure to pay estimated tax? If the note didnt give you an explanation, you should receive another letter withing a couple of weeks explaining the reason for the change.  


I got a email saying my refund was accessed. I don't understand what that means.  

It means someone logged into your TT account.  I get that message everytime I work on my return. 


I'm trying to get my 2015 transcripts but when I log on it tells me that I still haven't finished filing. I filed on March 16. Refund was 169 after feesDon't recall seeing my refund in my account yet.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to talk with a respresentative of TURBO, contact telephone number  

Use this TurboTax website for assistance with the IRS notice you received - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/Note - TurboTax support is open at 8am Pacific Time, Monday - Friday after tax season.  


I have already filed my taxes for 2015 and received a return, but when I log on it says I still need to complete my return. Please help.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Originally both my tax filing and my mothers were accessed with my mothers email which is [PII removed]  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Payment was supposed to be deducted from my bank account automatically.  

Direct Debit from your bank account to pay for North Carolina state taxes cannot be done through the TurboTax program.See the answer here - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3307373-question-on-nc-payment  


or you can call me at [remove] anytime, please call or send me a number to call TurboTax.  

duplicate post  


Mturk is a crowd sourcing platform that allows you to complete simple tasks from different "requesters" like transcription, tagging photos of people and things, website QA's and academic research surveys.  Each task pays between 1 penny and upward of 50 dollars for large transcriptions.  Amazon does not deduct taxes from the money you move from your "mturk" account into your bank account.  

If you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n \n\n\nPAYING ESTIMATES\nFor SE self employment tax - if you have a net\nprofit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% for 2015  SE\nTax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it.\nSo if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put\nyou into a higher tax bracket.\n\nYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments\nfor the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:\n- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax\nfor the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. \n \n- 2. You expect your withholding and credits to\nbe less than the smaller of: \n    90% of the tax to be\nshown on your current years tax return, or \n  100% of the tax shown on your prior\nyears tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\nTo prepare estimates\nfor next year, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return\n, click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated\ntax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will\nstart the estimated taxes section.\n\nOR Go to.\nFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)\nOther Tax Situations\nOther Tax Forms\nForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 


My income is basically SS and Pensions for 2016 but 2015 had IRA redemptions etc  

Open your 2015 tax return and type estimated taxes for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Say No to changing a W-4.  


I filed a joint return with Turbo Tax in 2014.  Its not showing in my timeline and I need to print my tax 1040 for a mortgage  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I tried to upgrade just so I can print it off but that didn't work either  

Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 return using the online editions -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


How can I get to the 2014 tax year on turbo tax?  

Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return.  


We filed 2 weeks late because of getting our tax identity stolen so need for new electronic signature PIN.   Re sent state and Federal 5/1/16.  State took money out of my account electronically, but Fed did not.   Can you see any issue with what we did or how can we identify if Fed is just being slow?  I get concerned when they do not take what I owe.  

The feds can be slow and they may not take the payment until they process the return however check this ...\n  \n\n  \n    When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n  \n\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\n\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in. 


I'm doing my mother's taxes and she has a PTR2 booklet. How would she file?  

I assume your mother lives in New Jersey. The PTR-2 has no effect on how she files her income tax return. Income tax and the Property Tax Reimbursement (PTR) are two separate programs.If your mother is claiming itemized deductions on her income tax return, the amount she should use for real estate tax is the base year amount from line 10 of the PTR-2.  


Now I am supposed to repay the amount I received for Obama Care. I don't have the money and don't know why I get to pay for this plus the Medicare fees I pay each month. I am so confused. Thank you in advance.  

If you had Medicare the entire year, just answer yes to the question that asks if you had health insurance all year.  In fact, having Medicare makes you ineligible for an ACA policy.https://www.medicare.gov/about-us/affordable-care-act/affordable-care-act.html  


The IRS says it could be a glitch or something on the program. I have already paid for this and would like it sorted please.  

First there is no fee to efile a return using the ONLINE version ... the cost is for the use of the program to complete a tax return that can be filed even if you have to mail it in.Next, not sure who you spoke to at the IRS but they are traditionally incorrect so ....Start by double-checking your\nSocial Security number in TurboTax. If its wrong, correct it and then resubmit\nyour return. If you entered it correctly then...\n\nNext check to see if you accidentally filed yourself by mistake\nearlier:\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this\nSecure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nThen if it wasnt you: \n\nThen its likely that another\ntaxpayer, inadvertently or otherwise, filed their return using your Social\nSecurity number.\n\nYou wont be able to fix this\nrejection; youll need to file a\npaper return and\nattach a copy of the IRS form 14039 http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdf\n\nYou may be the\nvictim of tax-related identity theft.  Please see this TurboTax FAQ for\ninformation on how to proceed:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900655-tax-related-identity-theft\n\nWe strongly recommend that you\ncall the IRS Identify Theft Hotline at 1-800-908-4490. You can\nalso click here for additional information at\nIRS.gov.  http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Indications-your-identity-may-have-been-stolen-and-how-to-report-it-t...\n\n 


Im afraid of being arrested for fraud or something. I want to give the money back and ill have to make payments on what they kept. What can i do, i dont want to be arrested. hellppp!  

Please see a local attorney.  And change your screen name on this public forum.  


Please reply back to my email [PII Removed]  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


Turbo tax was used. I can't seem to log in for 2014  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


TurboTax incorrectly computes taxed owed to New York State under the following conditions: person lives in New Jersey; works in New York; collects a non-New York State pension. TurboTax populates line10 of New York IT-203 with the pension amount from line 16b of Federal form 1040. Within IT-203 the NY tax owed is computed on all income including the pension at the higher tax rate and then reduced by a factor (income actually earned in NY divided by the total income from all sources). The result is a tax on the pension, prohibited by federal law, P.L. 104-95, which states that "No State may impose an income tax on any retirement income of an individual who is not a resident or domiciliary of such State."TurboTax needs to fix this flaw because thousands of its customers are over-paying taxes to New York State.  

What exact type of pension?  P.L. 104-95, prohibits state taxation of certain pension income of nonresidents received after December 31, 1995.Also, is your TT software updated? 


The section 179 deduction will give the farm a negative taxable income but there is additional earned income, wages earned off the farm--that more than cover the deduction.  

The maximum amount you can elect to deduct for most section 179 property you placed in service in 2015 is $25,000. This limit is reduced by the amount by which the cost of the property placed in service during the tax year exceeds $200,000.The total cost you can deduct each year after you apply the dollar limit is limited to the taxable income from the active conduct of any trade or business during the year.  


I'm logged in and when I click Taxes- my timeline it links to a page wanting me to file. I have submitted and received my tax return- and i paid for the service.  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)Trying using the account recovery link below.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery 


my husband is receives SSA and I'm working, he owes child support and I don't want them to keep my refund  

To enter your Injured Spouse claim on Form 8379\nSelect the Federal Taxes tab\nSelect the Other Tax Situations sub-tab\nScroll down to the bottom of the screen to Other Tax Forms then select Miscellaneous Tax Forms and press Start\nSelect Report an injured or innocent spouse claim and press Start\nBe sure you only answer the Injured Spouse questions and ignore any Innocent Spouse answers. Skip past the Your Request For Innocent Spouse Relief screen by scrolling to the bottom and pressing Continue \nYou should be able to E-file your return if you are making the Injured Spouse claim, however, processing of your return will be delayed. See https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Questions-&-Answers/IRS-Procedures/Injured-Spouse/Injured-Spouse-1  


Just need to know why this has happened to me the 2nd year in a row with Turbo Tax?  

In order to amend the state return, you have to open the return for that particular state and select the option to amend.  


How will i encash it here?  

Adding to SweetieJeans answer -- you can google for US banks in the Philippines -- there are quite a few including Citi Bank, Wells Fargo and Chase-JPMorgan.  You can also contact the US consulate in Manila and ask for help.  


I did receive my state refund  

Please check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


I lived in the house in Florida for over five years as my primary residence, so I know that for federal taxes, I will not owe for capital gains. However, I am not sure if Maryland will tax me on the capital gains. thank you!  

Maryland conforms tothe federal provisions on exclusion of capital gain on the sale of a principal residence. So, whatever gain was excluded from taxation on your federal return will be exempt from taxation on your Maryland state income tax return.  


Is it possible to do so without upgrading my account?  

If you prepared the\n2014 return online, however, then log into your account with the same User\nID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the\nPDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nAnd if the return is locked then unfortunately there is no way around the upgrade fee. I applaud you for saving a copy on your computer last year however you really need to also save important docs to a removable medium like a flash drive for just this situation.  


from 2014 and 15  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer. 


I know amounts over 14,000 per person. 20,000 per couple ?  

As long as your son does not give more than $14,000 to any one person, he will not have to pay gift tax. If he gives $10,000 to you and $10,000 to your husband, he will not have to pay gift tax because he is giving less than $14,000 to each person. The fact that you are married doesnt matter.  


If I have an INC set up as a S corp (we started in Jan 2016), I am 51% shareholder and my husband is 49%.I dont pay myself (because we have been in business only this year) and only pay my husband. I only want to us to have 2 income or 2 w2, just one w2.  Is that possible?  When year end comes, how do I distribute the income me at 51% and him at 49%?  Will the distribution be count as income (for example if we were to rent a place, will they look at the K1 as income and add it as additional income PLUS the w2 wages?).Thank You  

You would have to ask them however income is income even if it is paid thru the company on a K-1. On another note you really should be paying both owners even if you dont want to you need to  ... the IRS is really cracking down on this issue.The IRS position is\nthat an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable compensation to an officer before\nnon-wage distributions may be made.  The reason is that they feel that\nnon-wage distributions when no wages are paid is an avoidance of social\nsecurity taxes.  From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable Compensation\n\nS corporations must pay reasonable\ncompensation to a shareholder-employee in return for services that the employee\nprovides to the corporation before non-wage distributions may be made to the\nshareholder-employee. The amount of reasonable compensation will never exceed\nthe amount received by the shareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions and other payments by an S\ncorporation to a corporate officer must be treated as wages to the extent the\namounts are reasonable compensation for the service rendered to the\ncorporation.\n\nSeveral court cases support the authority of\nthe IRS to reclassify other forms of payments to a shareholder-employee as a\nwage expense and subject to employment taxes.\n\nThe page cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d\n1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one judicial finding on the IRSs authority to\nreclassify distributions to wages subject to employment taxes.  Factors to\ndetermine reasonable compensation are given in the ruling.\n\nThe AICPA has an interesting article on this\ntopic here: http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\nYou also might want to read a lively\ndiscussion on the Tax Almanac website here: http://www.taxalmanac.org/index.php/Discussion_Forum_-_Tax_Questions .  The substance of the discussion seems\nto be that taking a reasonable salary is not optional and, if you took\ndistributions with no salary, the distributions should be changed to salary\nwith appropriate employment tax returns being filed (late, if necessary.) \n\nThe fastest way to get audited as an\nS-Corporation is to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return.  


seems fraudulent email having attachment asking for my social security no and birthdate on a CRA like template but email source is invalid and this deception should be reported to CRA  

This is the USA forum.  


will I need to amend and include what I paid to IRS for my balance owed?  

Federal payments for any tax year are not deductible on a Federal tax return.  A few states do allow a deduction so look in the state interview for that line of questioning.  


I just got a letter from them saying I didn't pay, but I thought because me state e-file was accepted that meant I did  

Please go to this link to pay your Maryland State Taxes.https://interactive.marylandtaxes.com/individuals/payment/  


I forgot to file 2014 taxes but did 2015. Will I be able to itemize and get all credits and deductions like I did for 2015.??.  

Yes the 2014 program allow all deductions & credits just like the 2015 program.  The only thing that is different is that you have to print, sign & mail in the 2014 return as efiling is only for the current 2015 program.Buy 2014 here ...\n  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/\n  \n  


For the past 3-5 months I've had to use uber to get to & from work. Is there a tax write off for using this type of transportation?  

Commuting expenses are not deductible. 


I contacted with you a few days ago because my refound was lost. I tryed to call a few minutes ago to the phone number that you gave me in a email (800-829-1040) but my phone said me that he numbers does not exist so please contact me as quickly as possible.Thanks  

If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time.  


I forgot to file a W2 from one of my jobs in 2014.  I received a letter last month from the IRS and they are wanting me to pay back way more than I received.  Can I amend my taxes from 2014 still?  

You can amend a prior year tax return at any time.If you used TurboTax to originally file your 2014 tax return then see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending the return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax  


VA had just garnished wages for $1,600. My worry is that I may only be able to get a refund going back three years and this was for 2012 taxes.  

Youll find Virginias rules on amended returns on page 4 of this reference:  http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/instructions/income-tax/2015/760-2015-instr...  


Seems like a technical issue...  

You may have a printer memory issue.  Try printing a few pages at a time.  


I am thinking of paying off my mortgage by selling off my individual stock investments.  But am worried of tax consequences both with regards to capital gains taxes and mortgage interest tax deduction.  I have several stocks with very large unrealized gain.  But I would like to pay off my mortgage too.  Is there any online resource that will help me to calculate the net tax liability for such a scenario? Thanks  

Your exposure to Capital Gains Tax depends on three major factors:\nYour Marginal Tax Rate - that is what percentage of your next dollar of income is taxed.\nWhether or not you have prior year Capital Loss carried over or have current year Capital Losses.\nYour marital status\nSee the attached image for the income break-points and capital gains tax rates.  


i cant find my taxes this year  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I filed jointly with my ex but we were only considered common law married, he owed back paid child support and the majority of the gross income for 2015 was from me. what can i do?  

As we said before, not all states recognize common law marriage, so be sure that yours does and that you meet its requirements.  An Injured Spouse form typically takes 11-14 weeks to process, but there is no guarantee. 


I filed my tax returns on April 6th. I had to mail the returns myself.  It is now May 19th and still no refund in my account.  Where can I check on the status.  

Paper filed Federal returns take at 4-6 weeks to process.  You can check here:https://www.irs.gov/refundsState times vary. Check your state tax website for the status.  


I got the following in the mail. I believe it to be a scam.Dear Jacqueline [Removed] We want to advise you about an issue in TurboTax that affects your 2015 Vermont state tax return.  Due to an error in TurboTax, some Vermont taxpayers who itemized their deductions (using Schedule A on their federal return) have filed an incorrect Vermont tax return.  Although weve fixed the issue in TurboTax, you will need to amend your state tax return and may also need to pay additional taxes due.  We apologize for the inconvenience. How do I amend my return?You can quickly and easily amend the return yourself by following the directions below. If you need assistance amending your return, or would like us to help you amend, please call us at [Removed] (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT) to reach an agent who is prepared to assist you with this issue.  The Vermont Department of Taxes will waive penalty and interest for any amended return and payment received on or before June 30, 2016.How to amend your return:For instructions to amend your return, click here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3360430-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions-amend-instructions.How do I pay any additional amount due?  TurboTax will help you determine any additional amount owed. If you owe the state money, you will need to make a payment.  You should mail your check with your amended return to Vermont Department of Taxes, PO Box 1500, Montpelier, VT 05633. Note:  Even if you have no additional amount due, Vermont still wants you to mail the return to them.Remember to keep a copy of your amended state return in your tax files.  A few important notes:  Our Guarantees:  If Vermont assesses any penalties or interest as a result of this error, TurboTax will reimburse you directly per our Accuracy Guarantee. Additionally, Intuit stands behind the TurboTax Satisfaction Guarantee.  If for any reason you are not satisfied with TurboTax, we will refund your purchase price.   Privacy and Security Note: TurboTax will never ask you to provide your personal information or open any attachments from our emails.  Per our Privacy Policy, any time we ask you to do something with your tax return, we will communicate with you personally either by email or telephone using mutually shared information for verification.Were here to help if you have questions or need assistance.  Again, you can call us at [Removed] (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT) to reach an agent who is prepared to assist you with this issue.  Tell the agent youre calling about: 2015 Vermont: Itemized Deductions. We apologize if this situation applies to you.   Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax  2015 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit and TurboTax logos are registered trademarks and/or service marks of Intuit Inc. in the United States and other countries. Intuit Inc., Customer Communications, 2800 E. Commerce Center Place, Tucson, AZ 85706.CMC#: 35789  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


Will you call me at [Removed]  

No one can contact you.   You can try posting your questions here in the user to user forum (might be faster than calling in) OR  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I can't access my 2014 tax documents even though I know I used Turbo Tax (I have e-mails showing my successful submission via Turbo Tax in 2014).  When I go through the prompts to try and retrieve the back year I get to a point that it says, "You have more than one user ID. You may have filed your return under a different user ID. We can help you identify your ID(s) and get you signed in with the correct one."I have gone through the steps that they have asked me to and have identified the different ID's I've used but this still has not allowed me to find my 2014 tax information.I need your help.  Thanks.  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\n  


I am in the US on a work visa. Here is a timeline of events:1) 2014 - Got married and my wife didn't have an SSN at that point2) April 2015 - I filed for extension since I wasn't ready to file my 2014 returns 3) Nov 2015 - I filed my 2014 federal returns along with an ITIN application for my wife4) Nov-Dec 2015 - The ITIN application was rejected (because of our visa status at that time) and a few days later I received a CP-12 notice from IRS indicating that my tax returns was updated. Instead of using 2 exemptions, they used 1 exemption for the calculation and processed my returns. My refund was less than expected because of this.5) Dec 2015 - My wife got her SSNI still haven't filed my 2014 state returns. I was initially waiting for my federal return to be processed and then forgot about my state returns.Since my federal return was adjusted by the IRS, how can I reflect that in Turbo Tax? Should I send an adjusted 1040 while filing the state returns or send the original with a copy of CP-12?Thank in advance for responding!  

There is a chance that an amended return (starting with the IRS changes) to add your spouse will be accepted ....  you can try however the rules on amending back returns for recently issued SS# s have recently changed and it may not be accepted. 


Can I file by myself or is it too hard to do ?  

You should try irs.gov for free online software to do your tax.  


How do I call you?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I've already filed my 2015 taxes but when I go to my tax timeline it does not show me that I have done them. I'm looking to ammend this years return.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets or Amend (change) returnAnd see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2015 return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Hi,my partner didn't receive his state refund. Should we follow up with turbotax or with the IRS directly? The problem is, we are currently in New Zealand and do not have access to a phone to call international. Can someone please help? Thank you.  

If the state return was efiled and accepted then you will need to contact the state directly ....https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


Im paying mum weekly rent and money for kids keep & asked her for bank details to setup direct debit for my own proof of my payments to her. She refused & now I know its cause she planned on claiming the benefits all along. Surely my permission is needed  

Youre question is a little unclear, but are you asking about Mom claiming the kids as exemptions and for the child tax credit?  If you are, and if they are your dependents (they live with you, even if with you and Mom), just file a correct return claiming the children.  If Mom has already filed, you will need to file by mail.The IRS will pay the refund on your return.  In about a year, the IRS will inquire of both of you to determine which return is correct.  So long as you are the natural parent the IRS should rule in your favor. 


how can I just print it out and mail my refund in now  

If you have not filed then complete the FILE tab again from the beginning and pay the turbo tax fees with a credit card instead of using the other payment options.  Once the program is paid for choose to mail in the returns and the print option will be presented.  


Did online Easy for on 04/19/2016 and it was received and excepted by the IRS.  Was told electronic filings will take 21 days, but I tried calling the IRS and was told by a recorded msg. just like they do online, that it was still in process, and that they will post the date when it was completed.  

All TT can do is send the returns to the taxing authorities and get them accepted for processing ...... they cannot and do not guarantee any refund dates as they dont have that kind of power. The IRS no\nlonger processes returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the understaffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they are likely\nto be much longer this year. \n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been\nfiled and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to\nsee where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n  


Will this most likely increase my taxes?   What are the issues?  Thanks  

Here are the instructions for responding to the IRS notice.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I can't see for what reasons the FED reduced our return; there's no explanation - here, or elsewhere - including the IRS website.  Also cannot get back to my return docs here on the site  

The IRS will send you a letter explaining why they reduced the amount of your refund. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get your refund.  


I'm trying to download it but it won't let me upgrade to PLUS.  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - if the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I received a notification from IRS that my 2014 return had been filed incorrectly due to a 1099-K not having been added. The situation is slightly complicated however it is definitive that the notification was sent in response to an error on Paypals part. I have two different PayPal accounts, one of which had a total of 191 transactions for the year, my other PayPal account was created simply in order to receive transactions from myself and separate business and personal accounts.. This secondary account got marked for having 11 transactions for the year, pushing my total number to over 200 and therefore creating the need to list the 1099-k for third party transactions on the years taxes (specifies a need if over 20,000 dollars or 200 total transactions). I have a log of all my transactions for both accounts, and from the secondary account (and in some cases also on the primary) it is showing transactions to and from myself as valid to be counted as a part of the 200 threshold which necessitates filing if exceeded. How do I go about resolving this issue to the IRS? During that year I had never received any 1099 from PayPal, and even now when the total exceeds 200 transactions, it does so based on an error.. Personal transactions (such as "sending money to a friend" through PayPal are NOT supposed to be listed as valid.. The IRS is asking for nearly $9k after penalty fees for incorrect filing are added, I don't want to get stuck paying that based on something PayPal has filed improperly.  Any help would be much appreciated. Thank you  

Yes, you'll need to prepare an amended return to include the Schedule C.  You will also need to write a letter explaining the personal monies that are included in the 1099K.   I believe the CP2000 letter you received has instructions on the backside of one of the pages that explains how to send a 1040X along with the CP2000 response.. You'll write CP2000 across the top of the 1040X return and send it along with the explanation letter and the response page of the CP2000 to the address shown in the CP2000 notice.  


Wife= $105,454me   = $4056+4681+24388  

Save/view/print a copy of the return with the worksheets included to find what you seek ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525  


How to restart the process from scratch?  

See the instructions at the following link to clear your return and start over in TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online  


I filed my 2014 Tax Return with Turbo Tax in February of 2015.  Everything was good at that time and have already received refunds.  Today, May 19, 2016 I received a corrected 1099-R for that tax year, 2014 and now need to file to amend the 2014 taxes.  My question is how do I bring up my 2014 tax year tax forms to amend them?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


Said to expect $530 in federal and $230 in State. I git $466 on the newly activated card. NetSpend card.  

Federal and state refunds are not issued at the same time.  Did you have TT fees deducted from the Federal refund? 


I asked federal tax refund 2 months ago, but I didnt get anything. I only get NY state refund. They accepted March 1. Whats happen? Please let me know. Thank you.  

The IRS no\nlonger processes returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the under staffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they have been taking  much longer this year. \n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been\nfiled and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to\nsee where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n 


I over-used my laptop for writing my master thesis. I graduated in 9/15. As a result, my laptop broke. I bought a new laptop in 10/15. Is my new laptop tax deductible? I used the new laptop for finding a new job. If I cannot deduct it because of school, can I deduct it because of job search? If so, where can I insert the amount?  

No.  If it is your first job or there is a long gap between jobs in same field your expenses are not deductible. SInce the computer can be used for other things then your job search it is not deductible anyway.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899475-can-i-deduct-job-search-expenseshttps://www.irs.gov/uac/job-search-expenses-may-be-deductible  


I filed without claiming caring for at least half of income for two other people. I filed individual no deductions for years I had others I took care of. Can I now amend these taxes or not?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


...if you have the price taken out of your refund, you have to pay Turbo Taxes bank a courtesy fee of nearly $40.00.  It cost me an additional $6 fee from my prepaid credit card to find out who the heck charge me card in excess of $31.  $29.95 plus tax.  Should be something in there about misleading a consumer, but were all just patsys for the US government now.  

Sadly the information about the Refund Processing cost is on the screens of the program when you got to the FILE tab and were asked how you wanted to pay for the TT fees.  And you even had to agree to the fees on the next screen then all the fees were listed on the final screen where you had the third chance to refuse them.  Could the program have made the cost more prominent ?  Like in flashing red lights?  Yes they could however users would probably not notice that either. If you dont like this industry wide practice of paying a third party bank to receive your refund and pay out the TT fees then just pay upfront with a credit/debit card. Just dont expect this practice to change anytime soon. 


I have a carryover loss on a rental property from 2013.  When amending my 2014 tax forms I need to find the Turbo Tax form Carryovers to 2014 Smart Worksheet to be sure I carry over the correct amount.  

When searching for forms, you have a few options available to you.  The form you are requesting Carryovers to 2013 Smart Worksheet is probably not in Turbo Tax 2014 but if it is, Im going to tell you how to find it.  I believe youll need to go to irs.gov/forms and search under 2014 Publication 536 Net Operating\nLosses (NOLs)\nfor\nIndividuals,\nEstates, and\nTrusts.  This has the worksheet as a part of the publication.  It also has the instructions to complete form 1045, application for a tentative refund (maybe 1045X for you based on the time between the loss and the date you are claiming it) which youll need to complete as well.  If you are able to find the form in the 2014 software, here is how...while logged into the program you should see these options across the top FILE EDIT VIEW TOOLS ONLINE HELP etc. Choose VIEW select FORMS This gives you a view of your tax return as if you were doing it manually with all your forms.  Just below TURBO TAX on the left is an icon that says Open Forms.  From here, you can click the + to expand the choices or you can type in the search box.  *Note: See attached, all screen views are shown in the document, choices are circled, and a conversation bubble gives you more info.*To go back to step by step from here, simply choose VIEW again and select step by step.             You could also go back by clicking on step by step which is displayed on the top right. 


rental property is usually a loss   joint 2014   2015 filing single but own rental jointly how do I 50% for the loss?  

For each property you will have to calculate on paper your 50% of land value listed separately in  The Turbotax program ;land is not deprecated.For each property you will have to calculate on paper your 50% of  original total purchase  cost and enter that in  The Turbotax program  then the 50% calculated land value as calculated ;the program will then from those two numbers to calculate your 50% of yearly depreciated. Use your original placed in service date and then The Turbotax will display a screen to list your 50% of accumulated depreciation taken over the years.You will do the same for each improvement for each property.If you have any passive losses you will enter your 50% of the losses on the the screen tell us about this property ;scroll down to reveal if not displayed.[next screen gives a place for input. .To confirm your data the sum of the each 50% will equal the yearly data you have been reporting. 


There was a SSN mistake on a W2 that took forever to get corrected.  We need to finish our 2014 return, but cannot access the Deluxe version we already paid for.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525  


I want to add a 2016 gift to a charity on my charity list.  Box to select Charity is greyed out.  WHY???  

Try a different internet browser.  


how do I get access to it without filing my return?  

If your 2013 online return is locked, you just have to pay for a 2015 online return to automatically unlock it.  You dont have to actually finish a 2015 return and file it.First be aware that you can get a free copy of the 2013 tax transcript from the IRS at the link below.  It comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptTo pay to get access to your 2013 online TurboTax return, you can start a 2015 online return in the same account.  So before starting and paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked return.   The minimum purchase is Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).    Heres how:\nLog in and start a new 2015 online return in the Free Edition. \nOnce you are past the blue Simple and accurate screen, there will be an Upgrade link at the top.\nUpgrade to Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).\nAfter upgrading, then you need to pay at the Print Center.   To get there click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n  


Please provide me the pdf file of my tax returns  

No one but you can access your tax returns, so no one can provide you a copy. You must log on to your account and access/print the returns yourself. 


found the account number on line 76d is not the number I entered. Can anyone tell me why?  

You must have used the Refund Processing Service to have the TT fees withheld from your federal refund so that account number is your temporary account set up at the processing bank to receive the refund from the IRS. The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS >>> to the third party bank >>> to your bank account.\n This process can take up to 3 business days depending on your banks time\ntable for posting deposits.  Check with your bank and make sure that you\nentered the correct routing & account numbers on the return.  If they\nare wrong or your name is not on that account then your bank may/will refuse\nthe deposit and the processing bank will convert your deposit to a paper\ncheck. \n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nCheck  SBTPG by\nlogging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Filing taxes independently after sharing healthcare plan with mother and sister.  

Follow the tool here to get that amount from the ACA ...  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/#/year  


Filed about 201916 through you by mail. Rejected. 040116 letter from IRS suggested filing of 123115 which indicated no signature. Impossible because I did not have W2 so fraud is suspected. Overseas filing in Brazil. Contact at [Removed]. I faxed Fed and State taxes to brother in USA to mail so fraud occurred through your website or internet.  

In addition to the above steps, you can call customer support and ask to speak to the security team.  It is almost impossible to stop someone who has your personal information from creating a new (false) account in your name, on any tax web site.  However, that account can be locked to prevent it being used again.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


Hi Guys!I had first filed my taxes sometime in first week of april. Suddenly I realized that I had an incorrect SSN in my W2. So I asked my employer to issue me a W2C. This had to take a while so I applied for an extension (through TurboTax) and it was accepted. Then I got my W2C and I filed my taxes online. They were accepted by IRS (according to TurboTax). Now suddenly today I received 5071C and I have no clue for which tax filing is this for. What should I do? This is the first time I am filing taxes in states. Thanks for help in advance!  

This has nothing to do with the W-2 issue ... it is a security function and since this is your first time filing that was probably the trigger so simply respond as the notice directs you to do ... read the notice carefully and be prepared to answer the questions presented.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter  


You've got to ad sorting to the dividend payers. Having 40 or more dividend paying stocks is a pain in the ass to enter.  

Hand your stock to your broker to keep in your account, and you will have only one dividend number to report.  


My daughter is applying for financial aid and they need to see my 1099 or schedule C for tax and income purposes. I did not make more than about 4K last year being self employed. How do I get those forms? Thanks  

You will owe more due to the SE taxes missed on the original return .... Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.  


Yes I only have a home I don't have a business and I only have a very little income coming in and I can see me paying you maybe 39.00 but not no 139.00 I don.t have that kind of money I'm sorry to say  

I left you a link above for phoning TurboTax Customer Support if you need further assistance.TurboTax does have 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return.  It is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jspIf you havent already filed, you may be to clear your return and start over:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894467-can-i-switch-to-a-lower-priced-version-of-turbotax-onlineTurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (will likely require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition  


I have not done this for several years  

Answered as a comment!!  


how do i locate from website?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


If I only start renting out my property mid-year, do I prorate the costs (mortgage, insurance) for just the time that I am renting the property?  

Although the program offers to do the proration for you should ignore the help and do it yourself if you converted the home to a rental completely and you didnt use it personally after the conversion.  In fact make sure you do not enter any personal use days or the program will treat the property as a vacation rental which you do not want.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3216501-do-i-need-to-prorate-deductions-on-a-rental-property-i-con... 


Hello! When I originally filed my taxes on Apr 1, I didn't specify that my scholarships were used to pay university tuition, so I had to pay $X in additional taxes (I paid by credit card). Then once I amended my return, I received a refund from the IRS based on my amended return.My question is: will I also be refunded for the $X in erroneous taxes that I paid during my original filing?  

Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.  


Also do I need to send the original forms or a copy?  

Your 1099-R being "from" OH still represents NM income.  The source state of retirement income generally does not matter.  It is where you live that determines your state income tax liability.  If any NM state income tax withholding was deducted from your 1099-R gross, then that form should be included with your mailed NM tax return.From page 39 of the instructions for New Mexico Form PIT-1:at:   http://www.tax.newmexico.gov/Individuals/personal-income-tax-forms.aspx" ... include W-2 forms and other income and withholding information returns that show New Mexico income and tax withheld ..."  


I need to check to see if I included a late arriving 1099 in my return  

What kind of 1099?  You have already filed?  You can go to each 1099 section like Interest or Dividends or Retirement and see which ones you did enter.Check for Interest & Dividends here,Federal Taxes tabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Interest and DividendsInterest on 1099INT - Click the Start or Update buttonDividends on 1099-DIV- Click the Start or Update buttonIf you can't get back into your return after filing, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.  


I note that no federal or state taxes were withheld from the payment reflected on the form 4852.  

you need not include tax documents that dont show state (or city) income tax withheld.  


I  already filed and received my return. my son was slow in filing his and received a rejection notice. what can be done to correct this?  

A child of a taxpayer can still be a Qualifying Child (QC) dependent, regardless of his/her income, if:1. He is under age 19, or under 24\nif a full time student for at least 5 months of the year, or is totally &\npermanently disabled2. He did not provide more than 1/2 his own support\n\n\n\n\n\n3. He lived with the parent\n(including temporary absences such as away at school) for more than half\nthe yearThere\nare two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC) and standard (Qualifying\nRelative in IRS parlance even though they dont have to actually be\nrelated). There is no income limit for a QC but there is an age limit. Only a\nQC qualifies you for the Earned Income Credit. If he does not qualify as your QC (usually because of the age or student rule), he cannot be your Qualifying Relative dependent if he has more than $4000 of taxable income  


I had already filed my taxes before receiving my 1095-A . I received a letter from the IRS telling me to fill out form 8962. The IRS has held my refund, but turbo tax says I must pay by check. Wont they just take the amount due out of my refund? Also do i have to amend my return?  

Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore.  If you have not amended the return yet then follow these instructions ....\n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962 \n\n\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n  \n\n  If you did complete the amendment process by accident then ...\n>>> IGNORE the refund meter, any payment vouchers & the form 1040X\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n \n\n  


Two failure to pay penalties. I paid upon receipt of first notice. Something wrong with TT to allow this to happen. Would like compensation for paying for services and being fined when TT said all was ok.  

Turbo Tax is not responsible for the payment not being completed as directed.  All the program does is send the return for processing with the payment request information you entered.  So if that info was incorrect  it is a user entry error and out of the programs control. Any failure to file or pay penalties and interest that was added are your responsibility alone.Check the printout or PDF\nof your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets with the Turbotax\nlogo.  \n\nIf you owed tax, they will\nshow the payment information and how you decided to pay. \n\n>If you selected credit\ncard, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.  \n\n>If you selected debit\nfrom your bank account, that information is passed on to the state and IRS and\nthey will do the debit when they process your return information -- usually 1-3\nweeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\nNow if the payments did happen timely then send proof of the payment to the taxing authority claiming otherwise.  


I am looking to know how I should file my 2014 NY taxes. As my question says, I moved to NY from CO half-way through 2014. I was not earning any income in CO. All the income I am filing was earned in NY. Should I file Part-Year or Full-Year resident?  

You will file a part year NY return however since you had no CO income it really doesnt make a difference either way.  


Federal Tax has been deposited but I have yet to receive my pre-paid debit card. Please help  

The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to\n3 business days.  Track your refunds progress ...\n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nCheck  SBTPG by logging into\ntheir website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nCheck at netspend :  NetSpend\nCustomer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.\n\nhttps://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml  


they wanted copies of my W-2's which i find odd since you file with them.  The paperwork from the state was from the mail.  could this be a scam?  

If you dont recognize the letterhead and the response address, you may contact your state revenue division to find out if they sent you a letter.If you already mailed in your states copy W-2s youll have to make photocopies of the copy for your records.  


I e-filed my federal and state taxes with TurboTax like I do every year but this year they both did not go through due to insufficient funds even though I had money in my account. I paid both electronically after receiving a letter from the IRS and my State but now the IRS says it hasn't received my payment and is charging me late fees. I am not sure what went wrong but I am having to go through a lot of hassle because of this, and I do not appreciate whatever happened within my account and people in this industry are so hard to get a hold of.  Thank you TurboTax I will never file with you ever again.  

All TT does is relay the payment instructions to the taxing authorities when it sends the return electronically.  What happens to the payment from your bank is beyond the control of TT and they cannot help you in this matter.  However if you got a notice after you made a payment then simply respond back with the proof of when you paid and how much.  Send a copy of the bank or credit card statement to support your position.  If the payment didnt go thru timely no matter what the reason they can and do assess penalties & interest which is almost impossible to refute.  


it says preview only on my past return and i need it asap for a loan pls help  

For Turbotax Online: You cannot\nprint without preview removed until your return has been e-filed\nand accepted by the IRS, and your Turbotax fees have been paid.  This is\nto prevent you from printing a clean copy of a return that might be different\nfrom what is eventually accepted.  If you have not filed, you need to\nfinish.  If you have already filed, log in to your account and make sure\nyour return was accepted by the IRS. Sometimes the preview occurs\nif the PDF was generated before your return was accepted.   To nudge the\nprogram into creating an updated PDF, see the tip here, https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-only\n\nIf this is for a return\nfiled for the tax year 2014 or earlier, there is no easy way to create an\nupdated PDF because the online program is only for 2015.  You will\nneed to download a copy of Turbotax and your tax data file to your computer,\nand print the return from your computer.  Call customer support during\nbusiness hours for assistance. To contact customer support, use this link M\n- F 8AM-5PM Pacific. Type a keyword and you will get an appropriate phone\nnumber for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link\noutside of normal office hours.) https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nFor Turbotax Desktop\n(installed on your computer), you should not see preview at this time.\n Check for any program updates, then write back with more details of your\nsituation.\n\n \n\n  


Ive been trying to file my taxes for the past few weeks and due to my date of birth being incorrect it keeps getting rejected. Even the efile pin form comes back as there being an issue due to incorrect information when its actually correct. Please someone help!  

Since the IRS data base is corrupt you will have to mail in your return this year.  And before next tax season get that information corrected in the SS data base since that is where the IRS gets their information.  


I don't have a return coming and I am upset about this product  

Unfortunately your refund or lack there of has nothing to do with the fees you pay to prepare your tax return. Our job is to assist you in getting the return completed and informing you of any and all credits and deductions that you qualify for. If you are having to owe you may need to adjust your withholdings by filling out a new W-4 with your employer. Hope this helped.  


I direct deposited my federal refund into my friend's bank account, the bank refused the refund, so the IRS sent me a check over a month ago that I still haven't received. And my state refund also...?  

To get the check traced or reissued for the feds ....https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...And your state should have a similar process ... contact them for the instructions. 


The only option I have after signing in, is to Start my 2015 return...ugh  

I dont know what youre seeing.   Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  So the first thing to do is check for multiple accounts.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, there is no Some things you can do, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you are still unable to find your return that way, then you should phone TurboTax Support today, because they will be closed over the weekend.    You can use the info below to be assigned a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I chose your bank option....  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5453823  


I need to do my 2014 taxes.  I have a single member LLC business.  What is the best way to get the 2014 Turbo Tax software?  How much is it?  

To complete a 2014 return for a single member LLC that has NOT incorporated you will need the 2014 downloaded or CD version of the program.  You can use Deluxe however the Home & Business version will give you the most guidance. You can buy it directly at TT or from a reliable online retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


How would I go about updating this information?  

Once you have filed your return and it has been accepted, you cant make any changes to your direct deposit information. If the bank refuses the direct deposit, the IRS will issue a check and mail it to the address on your tax return.  


You have a link on your site to track my refund.  The link goes to https://sa.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp  which has https but it isn't valid and is not secure.  That site wants me to enter my SSN.  This doesn't seem like a good idea.  I'm trying to find out where my refund is that was submitted and accepted on April 02, 2016 and it is now May 20, 2016.  What do I do to find out where my refund is?  

The IRS maintains its records by SSN, which is why you must enter that to get your refund status.  


Both returns were filed with turbo tax  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I don't recall all my e mail accounts or passwords, but I do have all my personal info..  Any assistance is appreciated.  

Even without the correct current email\naddress you can also get a list of (and eventually access) your online accounts\nthat are associated with your SSN.    Go to the account recovery\ntool below.   When there, choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or User ID, and it will look up all your accounts by SSN\nand other parameters.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n  


I prepared a joint return, filed and extension and somehow did not include my spouse on the extension. Can I fix this?  

It cannot be fixed after the fact and no new extensions can be filed at this late date.However, if you file a joint return then your extension covers him as well. 


I would prefer to speak with someone to answer questions as I work on it. Is this possible?  

Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.  


When trying to access my state and federal returns, only my STATE return downloads. I can not find my 2015 FEDERAL return. I need it. thanks  

Try one of these methods to get a fresh complete PDF ...You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down.  


I think the program may be assuming the IRS accepted my payment, but it is still in my account after they rejected my extension request.  I think I need to tell turbo tax that I have not paid yet.  

You should delete the amount shown on your tax return as being paid with the extension. Type estimated taxes paid in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Scroll down until you see Payments with Extension. Click on the line that has the amount of federal extension money paid and delete it.  


It's been since January 19 then April 8 of 2016  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


This information comes up when I get to the "review your order" page.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on removing the Plus edition - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583649-can-i-remove-plusSee this TurboTax support FAQ on removing the Refund Processing Service - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceIf you are unable to remove either or both of these options, then you will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for assistance.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


trying to file amended VT State return due to IN-155 problem/update.  I did not get any notice from TurboTax; I heard something about it on the news.  

I called the Vermont Department of Taxes at (802) 828-2865 and asked your question of them.They answered that if your original return was filed electronically and it included the W-2 information, you do not have to attach a W-2 to your IN-155.See the Q&A page specifically about the software issue on the Vermont Department of Taxes website at:   http://tax.vermont.gov/individual/commercial-software-errorsAlso see the TurboTax FAQ on the Vermont issue at:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973  


Does turbo tax save this info from previous years? Can I export them?  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.htmlSee the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I have the confirmation  number from netfile.  I was told that if filed with netfile it will show very quickly  on my cra account  that  it is received.  

This is the TurboTax US user forum.  You need to go to the TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


I need it promptly, please. HELP  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


without filing through TurboTax?  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


can I get the refund put on my new card  

If your refund was rejected or blocked because you were attempting to get the refund on a bank account or pre-paid card that you did not own, the next step depends on how you originally filed.If you used the refund processing service to pay your Turbotax fees, and get the rest on a new prepaid debit card, or get the rest sent to an existing prepaid card, then the refund was processed by SBTPG bank.  They may still have the money, although they will send it back to the IRS after an extended period of time.  You need to contact them to see what the next step is.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If you did not use refund processing to pay your fees, and you requested that the IRS deposit your refund to an existing pre-paid account that was not owned by you, then the IRS will be mailing a check to the address on the tax return.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n 


Also, this year I turn 65 and am told that the first $10,000 is not taxed.  Does TurboTax know this?  

Yes. To verify that you got the deduction, for military retirement (or any other qualified retirement), look at line p on the SC tax form, SC 1040.  


I have been contacted by the IRS that I did not fill my 2014 tax return correctly and that I will owe approximately $5000 due to my error.  I would like to see how I entered my income to see what I might have done wrong.   Thanks  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


My Mom died and am doing her taxes for the estate  

Yes, but it requires TT Business: https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 


since my husband were not living with me at the time. He was in a different resident but didn't change that with is HR dept. He filed HOH with the same address I lived at in error. Do we need to amend  that return to show his resident at the time. This is causing a issue in buying a home since it looks as if we both filed HOH at the same resident address. Do I amend the tax return to reflect the correct address where he resided at the time?  

I dont think you can amend solely for a new address.  It might be easier for your husband to write a letter to the mortgage lender regarding where he actually lived, and include documentation of that.As far as the IRS is concerned, did you both meet the requirements for HOH for 2014 by living apart the entire second half of the year, with a qualifying dependent?  


Its been over 20 days going into the 3rd month.  

First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.To check how you requested your refund and what account numbers you actually used, you can log into your account, download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the instructions page.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved. 


I believe Audit made a mistake and I think IRS own me some money. I want to do additional calculations in Turbo Tax. This is 2014 Tax Return  

You cant do that with the Online software.But you can download your 2014 datafile from your online account timeline (as long as you are logged in to the exact-same account you used last year).Then buy and download the T^TX desktop software....start up a dummy file to download and install the correct state tah you need...then open that 2014 datafile..and play with it there.  You should probably make several copies of that datafile, with slightly different filenames,  before you open it, so that you will always have an un-modified original.  You can buy the 2014 H&B software download here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


I need to verify whether or not I entered all information from 1099-Rs.  

If you saved pdf files of your tax returns with all the worksheets, the 1099-R worksheets would be in those files.  


Hi, Please help me I am dying from Tax Question.I need help with International Tax paying. That is, I am currently outside of United States, and will not return shortly. I want to upgrade to TurboTax Paid package so that I can speak with someone, but the website only Allows US Telephones! so I cant leave my phone number outside of US, nor can I just call them via Skype! Please help me with Tax, I just want someone to talk with. I just want to call Turbo tax, I tried calling IRS via phone and guess what? IT Wont work because IRS is very inconvenient.Long Story short. Started my first tax return at 2013, Left US by 2014~2015. Consider no job at the time, Finally found a job 2015~2016. Recently Completed paying income tax in a foreign country. THEN, Thought of Uncle Sam and Tax. Looking back and realize need to Catch upI have nothing against uncle Sam and just want to file everything correctly. Except they made it so hard/complicated for me who just want to file tax return. Since you cant login anywhere on IRS website to know if you owe/return tax and made simple address change.Now I am stuck with outdated information and possibly owing tax. With the little amount I made, I double Ill have to pay too much tax, its just the part where getting start is hard.All IRS forms are via mails, nothing can be done electronically.\n  

International Services If you are a taxpayer with specific individual or business account questions you should contact the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center by phone or fax. The International Call Center is operational Monday through Friday, from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time):Tel: 267-941-1000 (not toll-free)Fax: 267-941-1055 


I cant log into my account to see my 2014 return so I can get my 2015 tax filed. which I call to get the account unlocked but I cant get ahold of anyone because of a busy tone.  

If you used Turbotax installed on your own computer for 2014, then you are the only person to have a copy of your tax file.  It is normally in your Documents folder and named firstname lastname 2014.tax2014.If you used turbotax online for 2014 and your return is locked, you will need to contact customer support.  I dont know why you got a busy signal, there may have been a temporary glitch.  Try again on Monday, between 8am and 5 pm Pacific time (11am to 8 pm eastern time).  


I own a business. My brother helped me pay some of my owed business state sales tax using his personal credit card. Can he write this expense off from his personal taxes?  What sort of deduction would this be?  

The money your brother paid you could be a loan or a gift, either way, you deduct the taxes as if you paid them, he cannot.Then, you can either repay the gift without interest -- he pays no tax on the loan payments and you get no deductions -- or you can pay him back with interest, in which case you only deduct the interest, not the principle, and he has to pay income tax on the interest, but not the principle.  


Can have the amount of refund  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have an LLC in South Carolina. I want to move the LLC to Kansas to take advantage of the tax code which eliminates taxes on pass through income. How do I move the LLC?  

http://www.bizfilings.com/learn/moving-business.aspx  


I didn't realize this now but I messed up one of my estimated payments for 2015. I sent the large check to the state and the smaller one to the Feds (backwards). I did not account for this when entering my estimated paid on TurboTax. I just got a bill from the Feds stating that I owe them that difference. Do you know how long it will take Michigan to send me the over payment back and will they do it automatically without me having to do anything? Obviously, that wasn't accounted for in the refund I got.  

Michigan may or may not correct your error. If they dont correct it by Labor Day, file an amended return. 


If I have to use this to amend my return, how to I get it and does it cost me more?  

If you completed your return with the TurboTax online editions for tax year 2013, then you can download the amend software from your 2013 online Timeline.  There is no charge for the amend software from your 2013 Timeline.See this TurboTax support FAQ for amending a return originally completed using the 2013 online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-do-i-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbota...  


Why is it taking so long? Ive been waiting since February  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an... 


I filed a DC tax return but I am not sure if I had to file one because I live and work outside the United States and have a rental property in DC. It said I have to mail in my DC return by April 16th but I just filed and finished my 2015 taxes as I get automatic extension for federal tax return till June 15. Will there be an issue if I send the DC return late even though it seems like I didnt have to file in the first place?  

You must file a 2015 DC Individual Income tax return if  You were a District of Columbia (DC) resident in 2015 and wererequired to file a federal income tax return. (A resident is anindividual whose permanent legal residence is within the Districtduring the taxable year); or You maintained a place of residence in DC for a total of 183days or more during 2015 even if your permanent residence wasoutside DC; or You were a member of the United States (US) armed forces and DCwas your legal residence for tax purposes for all or part of 2015.Note that even if you are the spouse/registered domestic partner ofsomeone not required to file, such as a non-resident Congressionalappointee, and you meet any of the above requirements, you yourself must file.http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/otr/publication/attachments/2015_D-40%20BOOK_0422...  


I follow the help suggestion but when I click on it nothing happens it just says Joined Turbo Tax that's it  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Mother and father are not together, never married. Son has Medicaid (mother applied for it.) I the father can provide insurance from my work place.  

It depends on your States Medicaid laws, but in most cases that is acceptable.  You should contact your local Medicaid office to ask them for the rules in your State.https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid-chip-program-information/by-state/by-state.html  


I have recently opened an Acorns account - I was wondering if I will be able to electronically upload my tax info to TurboTax. Acorn says yes but I trust you guys more :)  

Resolved in comments above.  


I need to amend my 2014 Tax Return. Under Some Things You Can Do, I do NOT have the option to Amend. I can download .tax file, but how do I download Turbo Tax desktop to open it?  

See the attached screenshot.Are you saying your 2014 Timeline does not have the options shown as in the screenshot?  


I consistently get over $3k for my tax refund (fed & state total). I currently claim 3 allowances. How much should I increase my allowances to get the money back in my paycheck without the risk of owing taxes next year.  

There are several calculators you can use to determine that for you. No one could tell you how many without knowing many details of your tax situation.You can use the one within your 2015 tax return. Open it up and type W-4 in the search box and then Find then jump to.You can use this one from the TurboTax web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/Or here is one from the IRS: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/  


It appears that I can make a charitable donation from either my taxable income OR from my IRA (2 choices).  If I make the donation as part of my IRAs RMD, I assume that same donation cannot be identified in my listing of Charitable Donations for the purposes of reducing my tax liability. Do both options have the same impact on reducing my taxable income in TurboTax?  

That is correct - you cannot double-dip.   Making a direct QCD from your RMD makes that portion of the IRA distribution totally not taxable so that part of the distribution will not be added to your taxable income, otherwise the distribution will be part of your taxable income.Taking it as a Schedule A deduction will only be of benefit if all of your itemized deductions exceed the standard deduction then only that amount that exceeds the standard deduction will reduce your taxable income (assuming that itemized deductions are not limited because of high income).  


I need to add $5,000. To my 2014 taxes, because it was a loan to my daughter and she was to pay me back once the judgement of custody was settled.  

Personal loans to individual (whether family or friends) are not considered tax deductions. Were you going to deduct it from your taxable income as an expense?  


I need to edit form 8863 in the Deluxe edition. The generated American Opportunity credit is more than it should be because the billed amounts on my daughters 1098-T are more than we actually paid in calendar year 2015.  

Open your return and type 8863 in the search box and click one of the phrases in the drop down box and click on Find then jump to. Click on Edit for your daughter and follow the screens until you come to the screen that has the information you need to correct.  


I filed and have received all monies.....but I need my 2015 tax return and it now states it is EMPTY.  Your system just pushed out an update...Please send me a copy that I will be able to use next year in the software.......I was checking to make sure my state refund was in.....?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


FYI There is $0 funds from the sale of the home.  

Any 401k contribution you set up will automatically come off the top of your Wages on your W-2.BUTYour 401k contribution is limited  to $18,000 per year. If you hit that limit, there are other investment vehicles.  


I need a copy of the date file for my 2014 taxes  

You can download the tax data file from your 2014 Timeline.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


"My tax Timeline" is not clickable  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to see how a 1099-R was entered on my 2014 taxes.  Where do I find that on my copy of turbo tax?  

Line 15 a & b for an IRA or line 16 a & b for other retirement types on the 1040 form (lines 11 & 12 for a 1040A).  


Each year I receive 1099 Misc from the insurance companies that I am contracted with as a medical provider. They all fill in line 7 as well as line 3. with the latters amount reflecting the amounts reimbursed to me.  The former, Line 7 often matches the amounts collected as co-payments but not always.  My question is are the insurance companies reporting the amounts that we collect as a co-payment?  

My question is are the insurance companies reporting the amounts that we collect as a co-payment?If I understand your question, Im not sure how they could collect it.  They would have no idea whether your patients paid the co-insurance payment or not, and they didnt pay it to you.  


IRS claims that we did not include social security income and that we owe more tax.  

Social security only\nbecomes  taxable when added to sufficient other income. If you are\notherwise required to file a tax return, you do need to enter it in Turbotax\n(TT). TT will determine the taxable portion.Social security (including SSDI) becomes taxable when your income,\nincluding 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly(MFJ): $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately and lived with your spouse at any\ntime during the tax year: $0\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nTT prints out your return, it will provide you with the  IRS social security worksheet showing you how\nthe taxable amount was calculated.  If you failed to report other income and the IRS found out about it, they will recalculate to see if the additional income makes more of your SS taxable.If you need help from TT with determining if the IRS notice is correct, see https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/You can also provide more detail and someone here in this user forum may be able to help you  


I need to print out a W2 from years back.  Would like to save it to a PDF, the W2 only. Is this possible?  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets.If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836 


My mother has sold one of her properties.  She gave the proceeds evenly to my brother and I.  The proceeds were wired directly from the title company to her bank and then transferred to me. Are their tax ramifications to me?  

She made a gift to the two of you,. which is not taxable income.  Or were either of you listed on the deed?  


lost my disk 2015 tax program and I can open my program  

What exactly are you experiencing?   Once the program is installed, you dont need the disk to launch and use the program.  What do you mean by I cant open the program?If you lost your CD, TurboTax Support can provide you a download in your account.  Unfortunately, they are not open on weekends, and will not reopen until Monday.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


IRS has rejected my sons return (he is filing separately) stating that a form 8962 needs to be completed.  He also got a job in July that he making more money.  We had Obamacare in January.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118  


Page 2 of the tax return I have for my records is unsigned and I don't know how to get that postmark page at all.  

Your tax return was self prepared so there will not be a third party preparer shown on the tax return.The ELECTRONIC POSTMARK - CERTIFICATION OF ELECTRONIC FILING will be included in the PDF of your tax return if you download the PDF to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I just recently graduated from medical school and will be starting medical residency (of predetermined fixed duration, like school is) in Baltimore, Maryland.  I have maintained my domicile and drivers license in Virginia even though I was in North Carolina for school.  If I maintain my domicile at my family address in VA but live in MD for the last 6 months of this year, do I owe income taxes to both states?  Technically I could be considered less than 183 days in all three states for this year.  Does the border state agreement come into play at all?  In subsequent years when I would be living in MD for 12 months, would I also owe state income tax to VA if I keep my family address as my legal residence?  

Here are MDs rules for determining residency:http://taxes.marylandtaxes.com/Individual_Taxes/Individual_Tax_Types/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/D...And here are VAs:http://www.tax.virginia.gov/content/residency-statusYou need to read each states rules to determine how they each apply to your situation.  


I applied part of my state refund. The IRS looks to have applied my federal refund (I wanted it sent to me but have no problem with their applying it). I want to find out what I owe. I got a transcript from them, but the balance due is not clear. When I go online I just get sent to the transcript page. How can I get the balance?  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html  


The message does not tell what the error is.  

Well, since your federal was already accepted from this account then you can either give up and just mail it in ... OR ...  contact TT support for help.Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I contacted the IRS about the status of my refund and they said they were unable to give me that information and to contact the provider of my tax preparation. Thats you. Your response to that question is to contact the IRS. What gives? I don't trust the government, but I thought you guys were on the up and up. Hope you can help me. It's been 35 days since I electronically filed thru you.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I use the turbo tax soft ware I purchased from Sam's club  

Please check your e-file status with the link below: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


I need to get back into 2015 information & file amended state return, I need to add State Income Tax Paid  

If you filed a return and forgot some 2015 tax payments then wait until the state finishes processing your original return before you amend it since this is an error that the state should fix for you automatically.  


In the past we just borrowed the money and it was secured by the motorhome.  If we use a CD to secure the loan to buy the motorhome, can we deduct the interest just as in the past?  We will still be paying back the loan that we bought the motorhome with.  

No you cannot, since it was not secured by the motor home.  


been audit need contac number or some to talk  

If you did not purchase Audit Defense when you completed the 2014 return using TurboTax then contact the Audit Support Center using the following website for assistance.  Audit support is open from 8am to 5 pm Pacific time Monday through Friday - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 


What happens when IRS says they deposited your refund but you never received it?  

First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when\nyou filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other\nthan refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.\n If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040\n They should also be sending a letter with other information or\ninstructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is\nno help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\n\nIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your\nfees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS\nand your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the\ndeposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to\nthe address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a\npaper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were\napparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may\ncontact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


AGI is much higher than my wages.  The state of PA is taxing me because my AGI is reported as much higher than my actual income.  

We need more information. Look at your W-2.  PA State wages (box 16) can be higher than Federal wages (box 1) because of the state tax treatment of certain employee benefits.  For example, employee contributions for dependent care, and contributions to an IRC Section 401 plan, are not excludable from Pennsylvania taxable compensation.  In addition, certain deductions are not allowed for Pennsylvania income Tax which are allowed\nfor Federal AGI.TT handles all this correctly, so it sounds like you may have done PA manually and mailed it in.http://www.revenue.pa.gov/FormsandPublications/PAPersonalIncomeTaxGuide/Documents/pitguide_chapter_0...  


I Paid $89 for state and fed Order number: # returned  in email and now the web site is telling me I have to pay to print I ALREADY PAID and DID NOT GET FREE STATE:((((  Can you help please  

Are you sure you sure you don't have more than one account that this information could be on? Many people have more than one account associated with their email address.Check to see if you have more than one account. You can have multiple User IDs with one e-mail address.Password and User ID recovery tool: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535To print a return you have already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:1.\tSign in to TurboTax Online, 2.\tClick Taxes3.\tClick My Tax Timeline4.\tScroll down to 2015 tax year and look for "SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO"5.\tClick Download all forms and worksheets under your 2015 tax return  


I downloaded Turbotax 2015 for Mac. I filed my taxes, got my tax return. Now, I want to print/save a copy of my tax return but I cannot open the application. It shows up on the application bar but nothing else. I had saved the .tax file on my desktop but that wont open either. I can see the menu at the top of my desktop screen but everything is grayed out so I cannot select anything. How can I access my tax return file?  

Youre getting the update notice, click install update and let the program update.  The update process has some points where it looks like nothing is happening, but be patient and it should finish.Alternatively, turn off your internet (turn off wifi or pull the plug) and then Turbotax will open without pausing for the update.  


How can I get this form to the IRS right now, after-hours, on a Friday night?  I already filed my tax return this year; TurboTax disallows submitting for a Tax Extension because of this.  

If the fax machine does not answer, youll have to wait until they turn it back on.meanwhile use the time to review your updated tax return for correctness.  


I received my Federal Refund already just waiting on my ny state refund which I was audited for  

No. Federal tax transcripts have nothing to do with state taxes. 


But in August I will receive an unexpected royalty payment of about $10,000. I may or may not receive more such payments. Can I make quarterly 1040ES payments based on the amount actually received? How should I calculate the estimated tax when I dont know the final total for the year?  

Figure 20% (rule of thumb) and you should be in good shape.  


I'm logged in, but the app is asking me to pay a second time to print out my amended app. This is clearly a bug that needs to be fixed.  

For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 


I filed for the amended taxes on April 16, as well as sent out the check for the federal tax due, the same day. IRS accepted my payment on April 27. However I havent received the refund. Its been 34 days since I first filed and mailed everything out and 23 days since the money was taken out of my bank for the tax due. The amended taxes dont show on turbo tax and it also doesnt show that the tax due has been paid for. Weve checked twice since then for the number to IRS inquiries and theres no evidence that we amended our taxes. Well be checking again to see if that status has changed.  

Amended returns take about 4 months to process.  But your question is confusing.  If you mailed a check for Federal tax due, then you are not getting a refund.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1  


Where can I see a break down of my 2015 tax income. All I can see is the total and not the sources.  

pay the turbotax preparation fee - then you can see your entire tax return.  


Always used actual expenses, but have had numerous tell me using the per diem is easier with lots less paperwork.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5018439  


Last year's pin didn't work either.  

There are two different PINs.  Everyone needs a 5 digit e-fiing PIN, if you e-filed last year you can use the same number, or use your AGI from last years return, or get a new one from the IRS web site.Some people also need an IP-PIN, this is a 6 digit security code that is issued to taxpayers who have been past victims of identity theft.  The IP-PIN is entered in a different place, under Other Tax Situations.If you do not need an IP PIN and just cant make the e-filing PIN work, you might want to just print your return and mail it in.  I dont know why some people have unfixable problems with the e-filing PIN but it seems to happen.If you also need an IP-PIN, make sure you arent mixing them up.  You can get a new IP-PIN from the IRS but they only mail it to you and it take about 10 days.  You can print and file by mail without it but your refund may be delayed, you should probably wait for the new IP PIN to arrive.  https://www.irs.gov/individuals/retrieve-your-ip-pin  


We got copies through TurboTax for both Fed and IN return but not showing up on either site. I notice when logged in to Turbo Tax it said, "lets pick up where you left off"....but, I have already filed and got confirming print out showing that. I see no email address for Turbo Tax, only phone number for Mon-Friday. Is there email address for Turbo Tax Customer Service?  

Sounds like you never went all the way to the end of the FILE tab and actually transmitted the federal return ... check that here and if you havent done so you can do so now...Check Your E-File\nStatus on this Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nHow to check on the IRS site:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions  


When I log into my account, I don't see my 2015 on the TurboTax website.  I see only the 2014...? (And yes, I did complete the 2015 return.)  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


When will I receive the refund?  

This is mainly a user community forum.  This type of issue needs to be discussed with TurboTax Customer Support.  Heres how you can speak to them on Monday.  They are not open on weekends.  Also review the FAQ link I left above about tax-related ID theft.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I had already almost finished 2015, but had to file extension due to missing some paperwork. Then I had to move for a new job, so copied the 2015 file to my laptop. I have downloaded 2015 home and biz, but it searches for 2014 file, and wont allow transfer of the 2015. What do I need to do to continue working on the 2015 file?Thanks for your help!  

Youre going the wrong route.   If its looking for the 2014 file, it sounds like youre choosing to start a new return, which is NOT what you want to do.  When you launch TurboTax and start a new return, it normally searches for a 2014 file so that it can transfer the 2014 info into the 2015 return.  So that is what you are seeing.So to avoid that, do not start a new tax return.    Heres how to open an existing return.  Launch TurboTax, and up in the top left corner is a FILE menu.  Click on FILE, then in the dropdown choose OPEN Tax Return.   Then youll need to tell TurboTax where the *.tax2015 data file is located.   Normally its best to place the *.tax2015 data file in the \\My Documents\\TurboTax folder.NOTE:  If your *.tax2015 data file has a state return in it, then you need to download the state program into your 2015 product before opening the file, or you might get an error notice.  


My\n mother received a house from my grandparents in 1993. The title to the \nhouse was switched back to my grandparents name on Feb. 12, 2004 \nbecause she was had terminal cancer. She passed away in March 2004. I dont believe she had a will and I searched records before and didnt find any record of one. I \nlived in the house until 2014 when the house was sold by my grandfather \n(I was paying my grandfather directly for the property taxes). It was \nsold on April 1, 2014. My grandfather sold the house for FAR under its \nvalue. He then divided the money 4 ways. Him and my grandmother received\n half and then he gave my brother and me 25% each. He now says I owe him\n money for taxes on the money I received from the house. My grandmother \nsays thats not true. I want to do whats fair and right. How do I know?\n  

Yes, you probably owe him taxes, because he probably had to pay tax on the sale. Its value doesnt matter. The taxable gain was the difference between sale price and cost basis. Cost basis was what they originally paid for it many years ago. The ownership switches also dont matter; the cost basis, in a gift, is still the original cost basis.There is a big tax exclusion so people who sell their main home. It appears you grandparents did not live there, recently, so they, as the owner/seller, are not entitled to that exclusion. 


ticket number [removed]  

This is a public user-community forum.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here.   For any account issues youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday.  They are not open on weekends this time of year.To be assigned a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Help!  

It is very possible that you have a balance due on an amended return ....Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.  


How do I see the detail for my 2015 return once it's filed  

Here are several ways to view/print/save your online return.    A particular PDF by one method may \nnot have everything.  So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but that is a pretty basic PDF.There should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that second larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method to get the most forms, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


I have a Michigan Refund and a Georgia Refund.  

It is to late to file for an extension request.  That needed to be done on or before April 18, 2016.To complete and file your state returns after you have filed the federal return -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where clicking on State Taxes will start the state program interview.See this TurboTax support FAQ for completing a state return after filing a federal return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3182020-how-do-i-file-my-state-return-after-i-have-e-filed-my-fede...  


I need to print a copy  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I am concerned they will reject my return before I can call the number.  Will the IRS just hold the return until they hear from me by phone?  

Just call and dont worry ... you will pass the test if you just answer honestly.  And yes, the return is on hold until you comply. https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/taxpayers-receiving-identity-verification-letter-should-use-idverif...  


I would like to start teaching and freelancing from home, but have always had an employer for some of that regular income, and have received W2s and 1099s for other freelance work outside of home. This is a bit scary and have avoided self-employment ventures because Im not sure how to report it correctly as regular work. Its time to learn! I already keep track of income and expenses/deductions and just need to know how to report if I would not receive a 1099 or W2 from anyone if I work for myself? So what forms do I use, the 1099-MISC? When are the quarterly deadlines, and how do I report every quarter/what forms do I use throughout the year? If I do it quarterly, do I also need to do something for the annual tax return forms? Can I do any of this through TurboTax during the year? Thank you.  

You do not need any forms such as 1099-MISC to report your income. Keep a good record of income and expenses to know what to enter on your annual tax return. Unless you form a legal business entity, you would report your income and expenses on the same tax return that you report you personal information at tax time each year. Your income and expenses are entered on a Schedule C and the net income from that flows to line 12 of form 1040. Estimated taxes should be paid quarterly. Those payments are in place of the withholding for persons being paid on a W-2. You must pay both ordinary income tax and self employment tax (social security and medicare) on your net income. You can use your 2015 tax return to estimate what the quarterly payments should be. Open your return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Skip the screen asking about a W-4. You may be able to print the forms using TurboTax or you can download the instructions and forms at this link and print the quarterly forms on pages 9 and 11: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf  The dates payments are due are on these forms. You cant keep any records in TurboTax throughout the year because the software for the tax year is not available until about the last month of the year. The Instructions for Schedule C may help you understand what you need to keep records of and report at tax time: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf  


I e-filed my tax returns using TurboTax. Do I have to separately send in W-2 to IRS? I did this last year and an year before. But then I did my own filing. Can you please clarify as I didn;t see any instructions at the end of filing process through TurboTax? Thank you,  

If you e-file your tax return to the IRS there is no need to mail in the W-2 since the tax data from the W-2 is already entered in the e-filed return.  


Iam not clearly understanding the " Not file a joint return with another taxpayer".  My mother has fallen on hard times at age 84, she still lives independently but needed major financial support from me, can I claim her as a dependent  even if I continue to file jointly ?  

Yes, as long as she is not filing a Joint return with her spouse.  


TurboTax will not efile with my days worked outside of NY equaling my total days worked on the job. I work for a NY company but do not work in NY and qualify for the full refund.  

If you telecommuted, see:http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2009/jun/20091371.htmlhttp://www.cheatsheet.com/personal-finance/why-some-telecommuters-are-facing-double-taxation.html/?a... 


where do I find my payment history for software (i.e $24.99 posted to my credit card; where is that history)?I recd an answer already, but it took me to the cost of annual turbo tax.  I want to access the receipt for the efile of state return.  Where is my payment history for efiling my state returns?? And, BTW, whats with this charge????  Dont tout or announce a free filing with NC if youre going to charge me!!  Its misleading and deceitful to say the least!  

Go to this TurboTax website for your order history and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp  


I filed an extension, but the taxes were not paid  

The IRS will notify you of these after they receive the tax payment.  


Got audit on education Credit and American opportunity Credit. I bought the audit protection while filing. If someone can help and call me on(edit)  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


Does Intuit care if TTax has bugs? I found two for 2015 and sure they existed the year before as well. If they care, how do I report them?  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Parent claims child as dependent so their taxable income and tax paid is needed to calculate child's tax do.  Turbo asked for this when entering original information, but can't find screen to correct this.  Screens for everything else are there.  The returned was processed and fee paid, but return not filed.  

Your question is unclear.  If your child has to file his/her own tax return due to W-2 or 1099-MISC income of their own, the parents income is irrelevant to the childs taxes due (if any).  If the child qualifies as your dependent, the child must simply indicate that fact on their own return.  


there should be a way to get an update in regard to Missouri State tax returns and not just read about their procedures for avoiding fraud etc  

All you can do is call the Missouri tax bureau.http://dor.mo.gov/contact/  


I just received it yesterday. I put numbers in the form 8962 that were incorrect, I was told by the irs.  How do I get in to my actual filing pages so I can put all of the numbers in correctly?  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changesOr if you have already filed your return and are replying to an IRS notice for a Form 8962, then see this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


The last time that this happened, I went through a rain dance with tech support and the tax expert - ultimately, Intuit was no help and washed their hands of the whole mess. Their accuracy guarantee is meaningless. In theory it only covers interest and penalties but in practice they deny any responsibility.  

Was Box 2a (taxable amount) on the 1099-R blank or said unknown?  If so, you are supposed to leave that box blank. If you entered a zero instead, that was incorrect.  Also be sure you answered all of the follow up questions correctly and completely.  


I would not be using this car for personal use, as I have an SUV that is my daily driver.What could I deduct for the Toyota Prius?  In my mind it is a commercial or work vehicle.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2826056-im-self-employed-i-bought-a-new-service-van-used-exclusive...  


What is your plan, responsibility, assistance available, ability to interceded  with IRS to help in correcting this?  

Print your returns, sign them, and file them by mail with copies of your W-2, 1099, etc forms.The tax agencies will investigate.  


I set up a payment plan, but I thought it was automatic withdrawal from my acct. Turns out, it is not..... I am now THREE payments behind. When I try to find a contact number for the IRS I cannot locate one... what should I do? Start making the payments?(obviously) but I only have the little sheets you send in with the checks. Those are old now....Contact them and set up a new schedule? I'm so confused and I don't know how to contact them. can't find a contact number or chat window or anything. when I go to IRS.GOV and select make payment, it redirects me to an offsite page, that's super sketchy for me. Any help on how to proceed, contact numbers, or anything will be so much appreciated!!!  

\n\nYou can make a payment online at the IRS website, see the followinghttps://www.irs.gov/payments---------------------------------------------------------------------------You can also call the\nIRS at 1-800-829-1040 for more information; dont select Option\n1 for refund that will just take you to an automated response, instead:\n\n- Choose Option 2 (Personal income\ntax)\n\n- Then press 1 (Form, tax history,\nor payment)\n\n- Press 4 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- Press 2 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- When it asks you to enter your\nSSN or EIN to access your account information, dont enter anything.  After is asks twice, you will get another\nmenu\n\n- Press 2 for personal or\nindividual tax questions, it should then connect you to a live person\n\n  


I need a print out of my tax forms and can't seem to find it  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I don't have a personal computer using the one in the apartment office  

You may have downloaded a tax data file (usually has a name like john smith 2015.tax2015.  That file will only open with a copy of Turbotax installed on the local computer.What you want is the PDF for all forms and worksheets or the PDF for your tax return.  Almost every computer has some type of PDF printing software installed.  If the apartment office does not, you can try a library or FedEx Office/Kinkos store, Staples store, or other location that offers business services.  


Turbotax is saying I need to pay for service before I can see old filings.  Why?  I am paid up through current filings?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I have password  

Did you have the CD or buy the program download?  If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download If you can't find your download, use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Otherwise is you lost the CD, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I received a letter from the CA Franchise Tax Board indicating they have changed my 2015 Tax Return and I now owe them $3015.39  

First check your data entry for any typos.Then send CA a letter with a copy of your W-2, 1099, and other forms that show taxes withheld.  


All I see are "x's" on the viewable tax return.  

Go into the program; open your return, and go to the File tab.  


We filed for my daughter, who is 18, and primarily has dividend and capital gains income.  Using the Turbo Tax State of California software, her 2015 taxes due where $10, which we paid via direct debit when we e-filed in mid-April.  Approximately 2 weeks later, my daughter received a 2015 State of California tax refund of $10, which essentially seems to be a reimbursement of the taxes paid.  There was no explanation, just a check for $10.  Why would this happen?  Does this mean I need to amend her tax return?  Do I need to contact the Franchise Tax Board to get clarification?  If so, what is the best way to work with the FTB -- phone, email, chat?  Should I just do nothing (especially given the amounts here are not significant)?  

Sounds like the FTB decided you erred, your daughter didn't owe the $10, and refunded it. Don't worry, be happy.  


where  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


I sold my home in September 2015, I deducted the tax for Jan-Sept of 2015 but forgot to include the tax paid for 2014  

First of all did you already file 2015?  Then you need to amend it to add the 2014 property tax paid in 2015 (I assume you paid 2014 in 2015).IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section.  


where is tools?  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes  


I need to print them.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I file with TurboTax every year, and I filed this year in February and did not print out the final paperwork when I was done. TurboTax Timeline only shows 2014, and on the main screen it is asking me to start my 2015 return., which I have already completed.  

You could have used a different login ID and password if you filed online.  To find another TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used the TurboTax Desktop CD/Download version installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  You may also have stored the file on an external device such as a flash drive, etc.   TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition  


Need to print/save tax returns from 2013.  I feel like this might be illegal not to give a person their tax documents that were filed with the IRS?  

If you did not use and pay for the 2014 TurboTax online editions of Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business, then access to the prior year online returns expired on October 15, 2015.If you do not want to start and pay for a 2015 TurboTax online account using TurboTax Plus ($29.99) to get access to the prior year tax returns until October 16, 2017 then you do not have to.You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptOr for a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf 


The Save and Print Option on my Computer is Grayed out.  This is 2013, I need to move on to the 2014, then 2015.  It's Urgent!  

Are you using the 2013 desktop software?\nHello SweetieJean,I am using the 2013 CD that I got from you in 2013. Everything works fine, except that I could not E-file, because its too late.  And, to File by Mail, I am not able to Review, Save, or Print.  Thanks.Janet.  


my return is being worked on by irs, in the meantime turbo tax charged my debit card for the fees. my return has not been reduced and i stated that i would like the fees taken out of the return not my checking account. i do not want fees taken out of my acct and called turbo tax regarding this.  

This is a public user community forum, and nothing account specific can be handled in this forum.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Support back if you continue to have fee issues.The FAQ belows explains how TurboTax will debit ones bank account if there is a delay at the IRS.  You should have gotten some emails offering you a chance to make arrangements to pay by another method.  What happens if the IRS hangs onto my refund for more than 45 days?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4169801To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


My son claimed me on 2015 taxes.  I owed for 2014 but the taxes were paid by 10/2015.  How can I prove I paid?  They're saying he owes because he claimed me.  

Theyre saying he owes because he claimed me.I agree that it sounds like the IRS is saying that you do not qualify as his 2015 dependent, so he shouldnt have claimed you.  It may or may not have anything to do with you paying your back taxes.  


I'm unable to find the supporting documents but I am certain this entry for 1225.00 is from unemployment benefits. Where can I go to reprint this off for Iowa?  

Check the Iowa unemployment authority website for the 1099-G..  


I am unable to find on the website where to print my 2015 tax returns. I am working with a mortgage specialist who needs to see a copy of my returns and I do not have a copy currently  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 


They have stayed with me at least 6 months of the year even though i cant prove it  

You must be able to document that they stayed with you at least 183 nights in 2015 in order to claim them.  Normally, you can do this by school records, medical records, their names on your lease, etc.And why are you paying child support if you are the custodial parent?  


Its not on my tax timeline and the Net Spend card never got funded!  

The money does not go on the NetSpend card until the IRS actually issues your refunds.  You can check the status here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


I need to access the info I input if i could please  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


This is in regard to taxing and the T.I.N. application with I.R.S.  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/limited-liability-company-llc  


I need a copy of my tax return, Form 1040 of year 2015 that I filed from TurboTax Desktop (CD) version> Please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

Heres one way to print in the desktop version:\nLaunch your TurboTax desktop program, and open your 2015 return.\nClick on the Print Center icon in the top right corner in the top menubar.\nIn the Print window, choose the group of forms you need to print.\nYou can then choose to save as a PDF, or to Preview Print Copy, which opens a temporary PDF from which you can print.\nHeres another way:\nLaunch your TurboTax desktop program, and open your 2015 return.\nIn the top left corner click on the FILE menu in the top menubar.\nIn the dropdown choose Print.\nChoose the group of forms you need to print.\nYou can then choose to save as a PDF, or to Preview Print Copy, which opens a temporary PDF from which you can print.\n\n 


Why is my info not showing up I already paid the fees and tried to file taxes but everything has disappeared  

You could have used a different login ID and password if you filed online.  To find another TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used the TurboTax Desktop CD/Download version installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  You may also have stored the file on an external device such as a flash drive, etc.   TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition  


Does anyone know the form I need in order to pay NJ quarterly taxes. My company is out of state and does not deduct state taxes from payroll. please email me ( PERSONAL INFORMATION DELETED ! !) thanks Jim  

Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3351816-i-need-to-pay-estimated-nj-taxes-for-the-2016-year-how-do-...  


I filed my taxes back in February, and have received my refunds, but Turbo Tax still says my return is "in progress"--as in, I haven't filed yet. Why does it say this?  

Log into your account and check your e-file status or use this tool. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If it still says in progress, then you will need to call customer support.If the status tool says accepted, but the pdf or printout of your tax return says something else, there is a way to get the program to make a new PDF that has the current info.  See this,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993  


I cant find the button to click on to see the list.  Thanks.  

Go to Deductions and Credits, Charitable.  


i have followed instructions on how to download 2015 tax return and it is not posting on my home page it just starts at 2014 please help  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


I lived and had income from FL only during the whole year of 2013. I moved to PA in Jan 2014 and paid 2013 taxes with PA address (as that was my home address) using TurboTax. I received a letter to submit a statement of no Liability or previously reported income. Where do I find the statement of no Liability for PA?  

I am not aware of any specific form with that name for PA.Rather, just write them a letter explaining your situation, and enclose proof that you moved to PA in 2014 (such as a signed lease, moving company receipt, etc.)  


I now have windows 10 on my desktop.  I want the 2013 edition I paid for.  

NOTE:  Was your purchase for 2013 the desktop software; i.e., a 2013 program download?   This answer will assume that is what you are talking about.   If, however, you are talking about 2013 Online TurboTax, then you need to explain more.  If thats the case, are you wanting access to 2013 online returns that are locked in your online account?   You used the word They would not download so that makes me wonder if you used the online version.*************************************If you purchased Home and Business desktop edition (a software download) for 2013 from TurboTax, it should still be in your download account--IF you are logging in with the same user ID.I could not download because at the time I had windows 7.TurboTax 2013 works on Windows 7, so Im not sure what you meant by that.Look here and see if you see the 2013 download to retrieve:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find it there, then look for multiple accounts.  Many people end up with more than one without realizing it.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Try each User ID you found at the download link I provided above.  If you still cant find your download, heres how to phone TurboTax Support during business hours on Monday.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I DID THAT MORE THAN 1 TIME STILL HAVING TROUBLE.  

Be sure you are fixing them on the W-2 forms in in the Wages and Income section.  


Our divorce agreement says we alternate years to claim our son.  However, the agreement never specified a year of when to STOP alternating.  For the year 2015, he turned 21 at the beginning of the year and is attending college.  She no longer pays child support, he is no longer a minor and she was the non-custodial parent.  Could the courts make me allow her to claim him just because there is no end date on the divorce agreement?   My understanding that I couldn't even sign over the form 8332 because it is no longer valid after the child is 18, PLUS I am the custodial parent.  

From the IRS point of view, your child is your dependent.Whether she can still apply the divorce agreement to your situation when the child reaches 21 is not a tax question.  Its a local state law question that could vary from state to state.  You would best ask the attorney that handled the divorce as to how long the agreement applies to dependency.  


this account- [UserID removed] has my 2013 return. account -.[email removed]has my 14 and 15 returns How can I merge accounts. I paid multiple times for packets. Cant retrieve 2013 details without being prompted to pay. want to push all info to [email removed] account if possible.  

Accounts cannot be combined. Pick one and stick with it. 


Will my refund go up is I correct my status to head of household?  

Previously answered:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3083643-error-in-filing-statusFiling status is in Personal Info, after the Dependent section.  


Why can't I access my returns despite using TurboTax for two years now. I don't have access to any previous history.  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


When submitting my taxes I paid the amount turbo tax asked for in March. Now it's May and the its is requesting a new amount and has no record of my March payment. Do I deduct March payment from the May billed amount? How could I check with turbo tax where the March payment stands? Please review my account.  

Turbo Tax would have no record of any payments to the IRS.  Did you send in the amount with a 1040V voucher or with a 1040ES payment slip?  If you sent an amount with a 1040ES that was an estimated payment for 2016 and not your 2015 payment.  Did your check clear your bank?  Check your bank statement or credit card.  Are you sure this isn't an additional amount due?  The IRS probably changed your return.  What letter number is up in the corner?  Should be a CP #.  Oh, and it is for 2015 or a prior year?You can log back in and check your return.  If you can get back into your return, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Then you should print out a copy of your whole return with all the worksheets,  https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


Hi thereI always have a question regarding UCLA tuition. My estimated tuition, including on-campus housing, books, food, and UC health insurance, is $34000 in total. I got $19000 of financial aid. Hence when I report taxes annually (through turbotax), I will report all my tuitions and cost, will the government refund the amount of money thats not covered by financial aid (around $15000)? Or they wont ? The housing and meals should be considered as education expenses, right?  

You will find a good list of what is and is not a qualified education expense in IRS Pub. 970,Tax Benefits for Education at this link;http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p970.pdf  


I just need to see the information from my W-2, it was automatically generated to turbotax  from my job so I didn't upload anything. I read that there is something called "jump to" link and I can not find it anywhere. Any help would be great.  

jump to  comes up when you search for a topic or use the Find box (CD/download)Your topic would be W-2.  


I went to their web page to verify my information but did not have copy of my return.  

Heres where the AGI is located on your return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2551626-where-can-i-find-my-2015-agi-adjusted-gross-incomeSee this FAQ below on how to view/print a copy of your online return after filing:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


I can still go back to my 2014 version that resides on my PC, but that's not a great solution.  I think this is a major loss in going to the new web based process.  

If you were used to the desktop product, you probably also missed not having Forms Mode in the online version.That what if option can only be done in the desktop (CD/download) version, which has several advantages over the Online version.The only way to play around with a return online is to use a different account.   Do not try to play around with your actual return, because Online TurboTax saves each time you change screens, so youd end up with a bogus saved return that would not reflect what you originally filed.TurboTax does have a Taxcaster tool for estimating 2015 tax, which one might be able to use for various scenarios, but its not as refined as a what-if scenario.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/You will eventually lose access to online returns unless you keep using an online product each year.   The 2015 online return you can access until October 2017 (unless you keep using TurboTax each year.)   You can download PDFs and the *.tax2015 data file, if desired.  Be sure to store them safely and securely to guard against computer theft, hacking, etc., since they contain a lot of personal and financial data.  


I need to undo an upgrade.  

This is the first question I show that you have asked--at least under that username.  This is mainly a user community bulletin board, not a direct route to TurboTax Support, although we can tell you how to phone them during business hours.   People come and go, and will add onto a thread when they think they can contribute something.See the FAQ below on how to switch to a lower edition, and see if it will let you:FAQ: Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495  


Just need to be able to upgrade to get my old 2014 tax return printed.  

I assume you used 2015 Free Edition and want to upgrade to unlock prior returns.  Before upgrading and paying, be sure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns.You are probably not seeing the Upgrade link because your return is closed.   To upgrade, you will first have to open up your already-filed return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make changes, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your return must start off exactly as originally filed.\n  


I was trying to get my 2010 Tax Refund Record for one of the US Embassy Requirements for my sons CRBA please help me get thru this and get my records. I am outside the US and i have limited knowledge to this  

You may have trouble getting a copy from TT if you dont know the access info ... this is a security measure that TT support cannot circumvent.  Getting a copy from the IRS may be your best option.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577 


I plan to file my 2013 taxes and I am wondering if I can have the refund direct deposited into my account.  

Yes you can , DD is allowed on original tax return filing but not on amended returns.  That info is entered on page 2 of the form 1040 right above where you sign before you mail in the tax return.  


Not sure why i can't access my returns?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to get information off of my 1040 that I filed this past year and I don't know where I find that. Can I access it on here?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have a "certificate of salary" but I don't know which which lines conform to the boxes on a w-2.  

If you have foreign earned income you do not enter your income in the W-2 section of the program unless you actually received a W-2.  You enter the foreign income in the Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion section.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso, see this TurboTax support FAQ on foreign earned income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-income  


At the print screen, it just says it is saving the information and brings me back to start and won't let me continue to pay for my order. I have already tried the instructions online and it is not working please help.  

If you used the 2015 FREE version and have already filed the return ....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5471654\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf you have not used the 2015 program to file a return yet ... You have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n  


I need to amend my 2014 tax return, if I can complete anf file my 2015 tax return then amend the 2014 tax return. by the way, I'm currently living oversea for few years.  

You cannot use the 2015 program to amend the 2014 return .... if you used the 2014 TT program to file your 2014 return then ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128  


I live oversea for whole year of 2015, I have some pension and ss benefit, do I need file a state tax return? which state do i need to file? ( I'm a nonresident for three year for Georgia state.)  

If you are a US resident of a foreign country for the entire year and have no income from a US state or have state income taxes withheld from your pension income, then you do not file a state tax return.In the Personal Info section of the TurboTax program for your name, in the section for resident state select Foreign or US Possession at the bottom of the state dropdown.  Indicate that you did not live in any other states and that you did not earn income from any other states.In the Mailing Address section, under Type of mailing address choose Foreign Country.  You can then enter you address, State or Province, Postal Code and Country.  


In 2014 I forgot to include my unemployment compensation on line 13. And as a result the irs declined my efile all together.  What do I do from here?  

Interesting ... they rejected the return & then sent you income transcripts ?  If they gave you the missing info then correct the tax return  and mail it in.  Do not amend it since it was never accepted & processed last year. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186197  


But the TurboTax website told me it couldn't complete my transaction because my bank account had a different address. But they still charged my bank account, and there is no record on their end that I made a purchase. RIP OFF.  

First verify that your order was either completed or not by using this TurboTax website - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jspIf the order was completed then sign onto your download account here - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf the order was not completed and your bank account was charged for the purchase then you will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I want to do some trading as a hobby, and I believe I need to setup an LLC so I get tax benefits for my winnings and losses, and can write off some of my expenses. My wife would also trade as a hobby, can you offer some advise please? Thank-you  

so I get tax benefits for my winnings and losses, and can write off some of my expensesNothing in setting up a single member (you) or multi-member (you and your wife) llc will change any benefits for winnings and losses, nor create more deductible expenses.  Their usual purpose is to provide some aspect of limited liability which would not apply to your situation.  Have you read something to the contrary?  


I can only get copies of my state return, where can I find my returns?  

See if either of these options will work for you....You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your return. You can then\nselect Print Center from the My\nAccount drop-down.\n\n\n\n  


how do i do this.  my return was sent 6 days ago but is yet to show in my account.  TPG is showing that they have deposited the money into an account (last 4 match my account) but they dont show the full account number.  

Go into your TT account, open the return, and go to the File tab.  


When I follow the prompts to upgrade to PLUS it says to login and select the orange block option "take me to my return" but my orange block option is is "Start my 2015 Taxes"  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I need to know how much I'll be refunded based on my AGI.  

For questions about CA taxes, go to https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help  


It is now saying he needs to repay but I don't understand why especially he had no income.  Please help  

Since you claim him as a dependent, you have to include his health insurance on your tax return. His eligibility for the premium tax credit will depend on your income. If he received the advance premium tax credit you might have to repay part or all of what he received. The repayment, if any, will go on your tax return.You said here that he had no income. But in the question you posted back in April you said he had some income, but less than $3,000. If all his income was from working, and its less than $3,000, he does not have to file a tax return. If some of his income was from working, and he also had unearned income such as unemployment benefits, interest, dividends, or other investment income, he has to file a return if the unearned income was more than $350. Even if he does have to file, or if he chooses to file even if he is not required to, you still have to include his health insurance on your tax return if you claim him as a dependent. He does not put it on his tax return.  


My computations do not match Turbo tax and I've gotten different results each time I check. Help!  

If you started the amendment process and want to start over (reset) then do this ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nThen try these instructions for your situation instead ....Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n  


The letter the IRS sent has a Proposed Amount Due.  

If you want to see if it is accurate and youre using the desktop version (which the icon in your post suggests you are), open the return and save it under a new name.  The new name is so you dont destroy the first file.  In the new file, add the 401k distribution and withholding and match the change to the IRS figures.  


I want to talk to a representative with Tubotax. What number can I call  

TurboTax support cannot help you with Identity verification through the IRS.  If the website is unable to confirm your identity when using https://idverify.irs.gov/IE/e-authenticate/welcome.do then you will need to speak with an IRS agent.See this IRS website for information on the 5071C letter you received - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letterAs stated on the IRS website - If you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents  


Two people in my household have used turbo tax and only the last one is in my documents  

If you used the on-line program you can only prepare one return per account.  If you tried to prepare a second return it over-wrote the first, making the first return unrecoverable. 


I filed under the free military  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I filed my taxes through Turbo Tax and I have been waiting on my $38.00 refund and it shows that My Ga-e file is incomplete but doesn't tell my why or what I need. I paid a LOT to file my taxes through you. Ya'll need to make sure that I know everything that I am supposed to do to get my refund  

After e-File, GA will send you a message saying ACCEPTED. If you did not get that e-mail message, your return probably was not filed.  


TurboTax asks whether I'm in the military, and when I answer no, it assumes I live in the US, so I've already passed the filing date.  

If you are eligible for an extension, blank Form 4868 is available online at   www.irs.gov.Line 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the country on the regular due date of your return,\ncheck the box on line 8.  


Here are the details:Purchased condo in 2005 for $215,000 for personal use.  I converted it to a rental property in 2006.I am planning to sell the property this year for approximately $275,000.Over the years I have claimed depreciation on my taxes.How can I quickly calculate what I will owe in taxes? If it is too much I may decide not to sell.  

Your gain will be figured on the difference between the sales price(less closing costs) and your basis which is your original cost plus improvements minus total depreciation taken. You can find your depreciation totals on the worksheets that print with your return.  The tax rate varies. The tax rate on recaptured depreciation is 25% The rest of your gain is a long term capital gain.  You will also release any prior year passive loss carryovers.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2553574-depreciation-recapture-on-sale-of-rental-property-for-gain  


Hi,I'm trying to track my State refund, and the State website is asking for the exact amount of the refund claimed.  I can't find it anywhere on the website, and even after calling the "contact us number" i just get some automated response about my federal tax.  How can I find out what was the exact amount of my state refund claimed?  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, the refund or the taxes owed amounts will be shown for both Federal and State tax returns.Under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My 93 year old mother apparently did not file 2013 taxes so I need to do it now.  I only see TurboTax deluxe and above for 2013.  She only needs the free basic package, as she has only SS income to claim.  How do I get the free basic turbo tax package?  

If her only 2013 (joint) income was Social Security, she does not need to file a tax return at all.However, if she is filing to get back any taxes withheld, pull the 2013 forms from the IRS website, do them by hand, and mail them.  


I'm just trying to find my federal and state returns from previous years, but can't seem to do that. There's no option to search for it or to visit your previous documents on this website.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


2015 w-2s  

TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2  


the online wants me to pay a upgrade fee because my 2015 is under another user name but I don't think I should have to pay for a copy of something I paid to file.  

Please contact TT Support for assistance when they reopen on Monday.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number, during the hours of 8 am to 5 pm Pacific time, M-F.  


Filed form 1040EZ. Received a letter that the IRS needs form 8962. Had insurance all year.  January-June I was on my parent's personal health insurance with BC/BS.  July-December I was included in family coverage with my parents through a policy through the Insurance Exchange.  I have entered the information needed to complete the 8962 from the1095A my dad gave me, but it is asking for the Shrd Policy ADV PTC Pct.    I have read the instructions for form 8962 and it makes no sense to this average lay person.  Can someone please help me with this?  

Does this post help?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...  


The IRS says they posted all of my money into my account.  There is still some missing.  Who do I contact to get it back?  

Then the IRS will be sending you a letter about this.  


How do I claim her on my taxes for him?  

You cannot claim your granddaughter on your return unless she lived with you at least 183 nights in 2015.The IRS does not care about custody agreements.  


What deductions can be claimed to reduce the amount he'll end up owing?  

Many people work under the 1099-MISC arrangement, its not unusual.Meanwhile, he will have to make quarterly Estimated Tax payments, or risk getting an under-withholding penalty at tax time.see www.irs.gov  and your states revenue website for blank Estimated Tax vouchers.  


I am a Non-resident Alien living in US since Oct 2015. I was living in India and in 2015, I bought some stocks which I intend to sell by July-Aug 2016. I have been paying US Tax returns for 2015 and I completed by tax filing for India salary too. I just want to know what I can do to avoid this double taxation, when I sell India Stocks. Will I be taxed again ? If I intend to keep the money in the India account. I dont plan to bring it to US, but mostly buy some real estate etc. Can I avoid sharing this from IRS. How does the IRS know that I sold my shares in India. If I gift it to my Mother, will it have any implications ?  

Did you file your 2015 taxes through TurboTax?  If so, they are wrong.  TurboTax does not prepare a Nonresident Alien tax return.  You should go to a tax professional that is experienced with Nonresident Aliens to get things corrected.For your 2016 taxes, there is a good chance you will be a Resident Alien.  If that is the case, it does need to be reported on your US tax return.  If you also pay income taxes to India on the profit of the sale of the stock, you may be able to use the Foreign Tax Credit to reduce or eliminate the US taxes on that sale.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/ch01.html  


is there a quick calculator tool to help add your data?  

The online editions do not have an online calculator.  Only the desktop CD/Download editions have a calculator in the program. 


The letter stated that income was reported on line 12 indicating that we are liable for self-employment tax. While using the Turbo Tax program, we assumed the program calculated this information.  

\n\nThe\nIRS generally considers all amounts in Block 7 to be nonemployee compensation\nsubject to self-employment tax. That doesnt mean that they are, just that the\npayer, by placing the amount in Box 7, causes the IRS to think so.  Turbotax goes through the interview to determine whether it is or not.  Unfortunately, the IRS takes a shoot first and ask questions later whenever an amount is in Box 7 without Schedule SE.\n\nTo\nbe self-employment income the service you performed must be performed with\ncontinuity, regularity and the purpose is for income or profit. If\nso, it is self-employment income. If not, it is miscellaneous income similar to\nprizes and awards (and not subject to self-employment tax).\n\nTo\ngive you an idea of how complicated the issue is, the Tax Court has considered\nit on several occasions. In one, Batok (http://www.thetaxbook.com/updates/thetaxauthority_update_service/pdf/govdocs/tcmemo1992-727.pdf) was a retired\nautomobile mechanic. He assisted a company in installing office windows. He had\nnever done that type work before. The work lasted for one month.\n\nThe\nIRS asserted the income was self-employment income. They lost in the US Tax\nCourt. From the decision:\n\nGenerally,\nto be engaged in a trade or business, the taxpayer must be involved in the\nactivity with continuity, regularity, and the taxpayers purpose must be for\nincome or profit. A sporadic activity, hobby, or amusement does not qualify.\nCommissioner v. Groetzinger [87-1 USTC - 9191], 480 U.S. 23, 35 (1987). The\nSupreme Court has further stated that whether a taxpayer is engaged in a trade\nor business is a question of fact. Higgins v. Commissioner [41-1 USTC - 9233],\n312 U.S. 212, 217 (1941).\n\nWe\nbelieve that petitioners installation of windows for M. David Paul does not\nrise to the level of a trade or business. Petitioners activity, although\nengaged in for profit, was neither continuous nor regular. Petitioner had never\ninstalled windows prior thereto nor at any time thereafter. Rather,\npetitioners activity was a one-time job. Sloan v. Commissioner\n[Dec. 44,879(M)], T.C. Memo. 1988-294. Accordingly, petitioners are not liable\nfor self-employment tax on the compensation received from M. David Paul.\n\nTurboTax\nasks questions to determine if your situation is similar to that in Batok and\nothers. If so, it reports the income as miscellaneous income not subject to\nself-employment tax. Unfortunately, as noted above, the IRS takes a rigid\napproach and proposes in almost all cases that Box 7 is self-employment income.\n\nThat\nleaves the taxpayer in the middle. If, for example, the work you did only took\nseveral days and you are retired or in some other business, you can reply to\nthe IRS giving them the facts and circumstances, and try to convince them this\nis not self-employment income.\n\nSee\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899537\n\n  


I filed my taxes on February of this year. I have waited and waited for my tax check to come but I didn't receive my tax check.  

Previously answered:Did you get back the 2 emails confirming the transmission and then accepting it?  Maybe it rejected or you didnt finish filing.  First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You can check your refund status at Wheres My Refund. This is for your Federal Return.https://sa1.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund  


Can I use Turbo Tax to file my back taxes? I need to file for 2012, 2013, and 2014 even though I didn't work, so I have no W2s.  

Okay, if that is the case then you can use the free forms from the IRS for prior tax years.  If you are single or married with no dependents then you can use Form 1040EZ.  Go to this IRS website for prior tax year forms, schedules and instructions - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlOr you can use the TurboTax desktop programs for the prior tax years.  The prior tax year programs have to be purchased and downloaded for each tax year from this TurboTax website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


the irs sent me a letter about health coverage i fixed it in march why havent i received my refund yet  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I logged in and there is nothing I opened this account in 2013 and this should have my 2013 and 2014 return but it is not coming up under my timeline  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


i filed with turbotax and i received a premium tax credit form and its asking for a 1040 and im not sure how to find that  

Form 1040 is your income tax return.  


Don't know how they come up with Arrears as they take the payments out of my checks every 2 weeks and when i change and have 2 jobs they give her $ from both employers for about 2 months untill i get it straightened out, and I never see a penny of it back.  They just say that there is nothing they can do accept ask her for it back?  It's like the non custodial parent, (mostly dads) are being told you divorced her so take the consequences.  We really don't care!  Now the info. they want gives them my salery for 2015 and my bank acct. # and routing #...seems WRONG!  

Your best bet is to contact the Dept of Economic Security about this.  


I'm filing my tax return late, but I did not file for an extension before the deadline. When I'm submitting my late tax return through TurboTax, do I also need to complete an extension form, even though it's already past the deadline?  

No. The deadline to file an extension has passed. Do not file one with your tax return, just file your tax return as soon as possible.  


I filed my 2015 tax return, I have a copy I need to amend but I can not locate it in Turbo tax  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I tried calling the number to talk to someone and it's only an automated response. What do I do.  

Amended returns take about 4 months to process. See:https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 


My daughter turned 24 in 2015 after she graduated college.  I paid for all expenses.  Why am I not getting the educational credit?  

As others have indicated, you cannot claim the education credit if you daughter is not your dependent. And, you cannot claim your daughter as a dependent if she was age 24, at the end of 2015 and had more than $4000 of taxable income (not just earned income).But, she can claim the credit on her return, even though you paid the educational expenses. The credit goes to the person claiming the students exemption (the student herself in this case).You should be aware that she may not be able to claim as big a credit as your would have because of he lower income and lower tax liability. Furthermore there is a four time limit on claiming the American Opportunity credit (AOC), the most generous and only partially refundable credit. Since four years of college usually takes five calendar/tax years, you may have already claimed the AOC four times on her*.*Amending your 2014 return to claim the Lifetime Learning credit, to allow her to claim the 4th AOC on her 2015 return may be worth looking at.  


It shows I am a widowed with dependent children however it shows me as "head of Household" and does not give me the "married filing jointly" deduction  

Qualifying Widow (or widower) is a filing status for someone who lost a spouse in the two years prior to the current tax year, did not remarry by the end of 2015, and has a dependent child who lived with you all of 2015.  You must also have paid over half the cost of keeping up the home.Be sure you are entering the date of your late spouses death correctly.  


I click on continue my 2015 taxes and it goes to a blank page.  tried two different computers  

Check to see if you have more than one user name under your email address https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


I need my 2014 tax's so I can apply for home mortgage for next year  

If you file for free, you have access until October 15 of that year (so download copies of your 2015 return now so you dont have the same problem next year).  For 2014, if there is no ability to unlock on screen, you will have to contact customer support during the week.  If you paid to file this year, the unlock should be free but it may not be in your account correctly.  If you filed for free both years, you will have to pay to unlock the prior year. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 


will get all of my e states and my federal return in the following days...still working in some details and credits...but this one state is ready. How do I pay for it so that I can print it and mail or even file electronically (as i am paying for it).i and purchasing the home /business turbo tax edition ($104.00) + $39.99 per state.  

It does not strike me as a good idea to file one state return if other state returns are also to be filed but are not completed.There are too many potential interdependencies.  


In trying to pay taxes owed my payment was not accepted because I had not filed in 2012.  

To file a tax return for a prior year, you must buy and download the software for that tax year. TurboTax only supports software going back 3 years from the original filing deadline. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


how do I pay for plus so I can get my return for 2014  

Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 return using the Free online edition - When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I filed taxes and received a refund, but later amended them to gain even more refund. When can I expect this?  

It can take the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return. An amended return cannot be e-filed. It has to be filed by mail. Starting about 3 weeks after you mailed it you can check the status by using the Wheres My Amended Return? tool at the following link on the IRS web site.http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1  


What is Turbo Tax customer service telephone  

If you believe your account was accessed by someone else, first try and log in and change the password.  If the password was changed by someone else, you may be able to use the account recovery tool as long as they didnt also change the email address.   https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/As mentioned above, it is possible for a person to file a false tax return in your name without actually accessing your turbotax account.  All they need is your SSN and a few other basic pieces of info.  But, you should still call customer support and ask for the security team.\nFor customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\n  


it lets me select deluxe and all the other options. I just need to select plus so that I can get my 2014 tax return  

If the Plus option is grayed out that means you are already using the Plus edition.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I entered my credit card information and received the following error message: shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; Any suggestions about what went wrong?Thanks!  

FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


Is there a video that takes me thru how to enter revised income to figure out what I should pay in estimated quarterly california and federal income takes?  

First of all if you filed your 2015 return from the Online version it may not let you back into your return so Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Then go though the estimated section again,You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button To prepare state estimates you have to go through the state tax tab and towards the very end of the state interview it will ask if you want to prepare estimates.  


to edit the originals to then edit the amendment. Thanks for your help.  

amendment is based on the differences from your originally filed tax return and your correct return. That is why step one is to set up the return as filed.After that is done, you can start the Amendment step and then make the corrections.Form 1040X should be generated showing the differences..  


For the last two years I haven't received a state refund. I assumed this was normal until my brother received on this year. He and I are both dependents. The only difference is that I attend university out of state (in PA) while he is in high school (in CT), and that he is under 18.  

You didnt get a state refund because the state tax that you had withheld from your pay was not more than your actual total state tax for the year. You get a refund when the tax withheld from your pay is more than your actual tax. The excess withholding is refunded to you.I suspect that there are differences between you and your brother that you havent mentioned. Did you both have exactly the same amounts in boxes 16 and 17 of your W-2s? Did you both work in the same state, or did you work in PA and he worked in CT? Did you file a PA nonresident tax return in addition to your CT resident return?If your brother is willing, you could compare your CT state tax return and his line by line to see where the differences are. 


It looked like it was counting as both business and personal income.  

Thats just the way TurboTax shows it. I dont know why they do it that way. Several of us SuperUsers have pointed out to them that its confusing. Just re-enter the income as business income. It will only be reported once on your tax return, even though TurboTax shows it in two places. You can confirm this by looking at your actual Form 1040. See the FAQ at the link below for instructions to view your Form 1040 in TurboTax Online. You only have to do steps 1 - 3. Your net business income, after subtracting expenses, will be on Form 1040 line 12. You will not see that income anywhere else on the Form 1040.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901539-how-do-i-preview-my-turbotax-online-return-before-filing  


How can I change my residency status?  

TurboTax has responded that TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement.  


The federal taxes have been efiled and has been returned to my account a few months ago, but the state efile is not allowing the taxes to be transferred to be sent  

Double-check with this tool to see if the state return has or has not been efiled:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIn the desktop edition, you would have had to pay 24.99 to efile a state return (except free for New York), so it is difficult to file a state return by mistake.If you are using the desktop version (CD/download), as it indicates by your username above, be sure the program knows your efiled Federal return was accepted.   Check the efile status from within the program if you havent already done so.  Heres how to do that:Open your return in the desktop product.  Then click in the top menubar in the upper left corner where you will see a FILE menu.  In the dropdown menu choose Electronic Filing.   In the next menu, check the efile status so the program knows it was accepted.Then go back to the filing section of TurboTax.  Be sure to tell it you are not filing the Federal at his point in time, and are filing the State only, and that you have selected efile for the state return.  If it wont efile, please describe exactly what happens, and the exact error message. 


I have the order number.  Download does not show up in My downloads.  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords download issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\n\n  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.  


How can I change this and and get my money back?  

Just because you didnt use the entire program you bought I doubt that TT will give you any kind of a refund on then fees you paid because you had the option to start over in a lower version.But if you want to discuss it with TT support you can ...You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 


This is the first year in which all of an annuity reported on form CSA-1099R is taxable.  The form as received does not have a value in box 2a, and there is no checkbox for 2b, as on the basic form 1099R.  I filled out the TT version as requested by TT.  TT did not include that income in the sum for 1040 line 16a.One of two things should have happened:  1.  TTax should use Box 1 as the value for Box 2a if user leaves it blank.   2.  TTax should have at least flagged it in Error Checking so that the user could investigate.Thanks for nothing on this one -- I did not catch this originally and now have to file an amended return.  

TT does use the amount in box 1 if box 2a is left blank depending on the answers you give to the follow up questions.  And have zero being taxable is not an error that TT can recognize since that is very possible. 


Deluxe* 2014. When I go to amend off my tax timeline and download it only starts to download premier, when I have basic taxes I don't think I would be needing premier. Should I download Deluxe and be able to amend and e-file my extended 2014 taxes from there? Thank you! Maritza  

\nI had filed an extension on my 2014 taxesCould you clarify?  Did you just file an extension, or actually file your tax return.  If the former (extension only) you have nothing to amend and need to prepare and file the original return.  


when i try and finish my return for North dakota it says i cannot put my ssn directly on the federal form and when i do what the instructions say to do it goes back and say it has the same issue  

1) Fist step is to go back to the Personal Info page, just before the start of the Federal taxes section.... and make sure your SSN is correctly entered there.2) Then go thru the Federal error check again.3)  Still problems?  Wait until Monday and talk to someone at Customer Support ..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time)O are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The offer or prize was 4 subscriptions for one year at $2.  I have now cancelled 3 of the magazines, but this was after receiving a charge for over $120.00 for peoples magazine.  I would like to know if others have had a problem.  

That was not an offer from Turbotax.  You need to work with whomever you purchased the magazines from.  (It sounds like it came from a pop-up add on your computer.)  If you received an e-mail on magazines, please forward it to spoof@intuit.com .  


on corrected form 1098, The mortgage interest received from payer(s)/borrower(s) is $2,182.39. What do i do with this?  

If you timely filed your 2012 tax return there is nothing you can do, as the period for filing an amended return for either a balance due or refund expired on April 15, 2016.  If you filed on extension for 2012 the period for assessment or refund may still be open.(On the corrected F1098, how much was the change in interest received from the borrower?)  


I was filing a form 1040x then when I was about to print it I figured that one of the sentences in the Explanation of Issues Involved in Request section wasnt complete. I would like to go back and change that. I am thinking about completing it by hand after printing it but I dont know if they will accept that.  

Sign back into your return and go to taxes>timeline>2015 amended return. Make any changes you need to and then go to My account and print.  


My old job considered me employed during my trip back (so there was an overlapping period of time, including when I took the trip back to my old job, that I held two jobs).  

Based on the facts that you presented the travel expenses would be deductible.  If questioned, youre just going to need to convince the IRS that the new area was your principal place of business.  


I help an elderly man 2 days a week wit a variety of activities : such as: drive him to store, drive him to pick up mail, help sort his mail, help him with his phone and printer, help him put his shoes on, find things he mis-places. Essentially a sitter or personal assistant.What self employed business code should I use.Also I pet sit/house sit for his married daughter every few months.What Bussiness code do I use for pet/house sitting?Would that be a different code than helping the man? Would that be 2 separate self employed businesses?  

812990 looks right if you keep all the services on one Sch Chttp://cchsfs-atx.custhelp.com/ci/fattach/get/961/0/session/L2F2LzEvdGltZS8xNDYzOTY0ODg3L3NpZC93ZlRT...  


Someone else posted a similar question and was told to add these expenses to the "Other Common Business Expenses" section. However, that section is reserved for items valued at less than $200 and that lasts less than a year.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4859081  


ii need to know how i can print my return  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for  .tax file on your computer.  


and now I need to go back to the stuff I saved because, I misplaced the w2s and how do I find the stuff I save on here from that long ago so I can finish it this time.  

You will need to call customer support.  You need a copy of Turbotax Home & Business for 2013 installed on your own computer, since online only files the current year.  And you need to download the 2013 tax data file from your account.  But, your account may be locked, requiring you to pay to download the file, and you will also have to pay to install the program on your computer.  You shouldnt have to pay twice so you will need to call customer service about the program and the unlock.  Once you get the tax data file and the 2013 Home & Business version on your computer, you can open the data file, finish the tax return, print it, and mail it in.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


looking for where to add my unreimbursed job related expenses  

If you have more than $100 of 1099-MISC related work expenses, you must upgrade to TT Home and Business.  


My mom claimed me and i didn't realize it, so i need to change from not claimed to claimed.  

If your tax return was rejected because you were claimed on another return go back into the account you filed under and edit your personal information. Click the edit button by your social security number. The first  question that comes up asks if you are claimed on another return. Choose yes and it will allow you to efile.  


where did this error and the big number come from?  

Double-check box 3, 4, 5 and 6 of your w-2 and that you entered them correctly, and didnt make a mistake with a period or comma.  Click go back or click the Wages and income tab, then W-2, the enter next to the W-2 you want to check.Also, if you are married and have entered a spouses W-2, make sure that each W-2 is assigned to the correct spouse.  There is a little radio button on the main W-2 screen next to each W-2 that will say something like This is Johns W-2 ()  This is Marys W-2 ( )  


My original file shows paying in yet my forms I saved and mailed in showed a refund due.  Below line 9 "for amended returns only" shows original payment of $460 but it was actually a refund received of $273  

Youre not alonehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5469821 


Hi ,I am facing the issue after submission of my state tax. \tWhat happened IL1040-8000-2 - This return could not be processed for electronic filing by Illinois because of an issue with one or more of the pieces of information used to validate the signature: IL PIN, Prior Year AGI, Driver's License or State ID Number.IL1040-8600-2 - Please review and correct the Primary taxpayer's signature requirements. At least one of the following signature fields must be present and valid on the Dept. Of Revenue's file: IL PIN, Prior Year AGI, Driver's License or State ID Number. Next step We'll help you update this on your 2015 Illinois Personal return and e-file at no additional cost.  \tTo update your return Simply sign in to TurboTax and we'll walk you through making the updates you need, then help you re-file your updated return at no additional cost. If we're unable to resolve the errors and e-file again, we'll help you get your return filed by mail. Need your User ID or password? Get a quick reminder Let's fix my return  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2148276  


Wondering why I am being charged.  

Go here to do that:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/military-edition.jsp  


How does Turbo Tax generate a Schedule SE?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901205-what-is-schedule-se  


I accidentally claimed him this year but it wasn't my year to do so  

Be sure he is completely gone from Personal Info, Dependents, as well as anywhere else you might have added him in (such as for Child Care Credit).  


My line 12 of form 1040 is more than $400, so IRS asked me to issue a Schedule SE, but my SE is a negative amount.  Please explain the discrepancy.  

Is the K-1 negative? If so, thats factored in as well. See pg. SE-4  here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sse.pdf  


"Choose a way to connect with us" Consider Telephone being an option!!!  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Will someone please contact me immediately at[removed] I need to pay and print my 2015 taxes.  

TT Support is closed until the morning. It is not safe to post your phone number on this public forum.Please see this re paying TT fees:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3264817-have-to-pay-fee 


It says available on the order status but has no prompt to download  

Try this download link.  If you dont find it there, report back.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download 


how to activate it? i forgot  

You would enter this under the assets section when you are asked if you have any assets.  You do not just enter a depreciation schedule, the program calculates the remaining and current year depreciation for you.  


I paper filed my amended return about April 2, 2016.  

Amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


The IRS site says that they are processed in 21 days. Its been a month and almost 2 weeks. What's the deal  

Most people receive their refunds in 21 days.  It can be delayed at the IRS for any number of reasons.  Sometimes additional documents are required (especially with healthcare reporting), and they could be in the process of sending a letter requesting additional info.  In other cases, ID verification is required, certain credits may be examined, some returns pulled at random for more processing, etc.You can phone the IRS to see if you can learn more about the reason for your delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.  


I planned to mail it to NY state but I read that all documents prepared electronically need to be submitted electronically.  Not sure if I should mail it in or not?  

Go ahead and mail your NY return. You cannot e-file it. New York requires you to e-file if your software supports the electronic filing of your return. Since TurboTax does not allow you to e-file the state return if you did not e-file the federal return, your software does not support the electronic filing of your NY return. So you can file it by mail. Also note that while NY requires e-filing if you meet certain conditions, there is no penalty for not e-filing.  


Ex hasn't ever paid his child support in full either, he only pays half and I need the return to take care of our kids. I am desperate. Please let me know what to do to get refund asap. Thanks  

If you want to file a return claiming them then you will have to print and mail your return and let the IRS sort it out.  How to switch to mail,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4170366  


Their calculations are different.  They sent $ to my bank.  How do I get their calculations?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4999729https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5287581  


The mail has reached the PO Box before deadline but I am not sure how to see its status  

If you sent it registered you should have gotten a tracking number  


I entered my income under foreign by mistake.  How do I delete it from there.  It want let me take the amount out.  Please help.  

Duplicate question. Please post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It may take some time before someone answers.  


How come when I clicked on the Merrill discount foe Turbo-tax, I still ended up paying the treatise price?  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.  


I am married. My annual income is under $40k and my wife's income is $90k. We have one dependent. The land was purchased by me solely during my previous marriage and I married my current wife last year  

It depends.  You will have a capital gain of $30K from the sale.  The rate at which that capital gain will be taxed depends on your filing status.  If you file jointly, you will owe capital gains tax at 15% of the gain.  If you file separately, it is possible that your capital gains rate will be 0% (capital gains rate is 0% for taxable income under $37,650 if you file separately).  However, there are other issues with filing separately that might make it better to file jointly regardless.  For example, if you file jointly, and one of you itemizes deductions, the other one must itemize as well.  The only way to figure out which strategy minimizes your overall tax bill is to create proforma tax returns both ways.  


I need your number because I am having no sucsess at doing this online  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


The IRS hasn't been very helpful either  

Only the IRS can give you a status of a mailed amended tax return.  Use this IRS website for the status - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1Amended return FAQs - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


I filed my return with TurboTax. Since filing, it's been 3 months, and I've contacted the IRS 3 times, waiting on hold an hour each time. The IRS customer service employees have no direct access to the processing department in Cincinnati, so you can't actually speak to the area responsible for the delay. I was told the IRS needed more information from me, but they never sent me a supposed "12c" letter. Is there anything I can do, or any services TurboTax provides, that can hold their feet to the fire?  

You could consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate for your area.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 


I need to update my 2014 tax filing with form 8949.  What is the process to do that ?  

I would use the amendment process to add the missing sales to the 8949 then only print out the Sch D & 8949 to respond to the IRS request. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128  


i click on 2014 tax year to copy that years tax return..it tells me i have to pay, i click on the link, it takes me to the payment options, i choose premium. then all it does is take me to my home page again, i try to click on 2014 tax return, again, it tells me i have to pay..its a never ending loop.  

Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 tax return using the Free online edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you are unable to access the section to pay for the account, returning you to the Welcome Home screen, then close the TurboTax window.  Clear the cache and cookies on your web browser.  Close the browser and then re-open the browser.  Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/Use the procedure again to pay for the upgrade.  If the same problem persists, try changing your web browser to Google Chrome.Or you can contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent for assistance with this issue.  Support is open at 8am Pacific time, about 2 hours from now.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I amending 2013 and 2014 returns, both of which were previously amended and show amount owed to the state and federal govs. I have paid those amounts. When I attempt to amend those returns now to add a child care tax credit, it's only reducing the amount owed to the fed & state, even though those have been paid, and now I should be showing a refund. Long story short, how do I file an amended return that only shows the amount of my credit (and thus money to be paid to me).  

try deleting the form generated by your first amendment ( Form 1040X and state) leaving the first updated tax return in place.Then start another amendment.  


please tell me how to get a copy, for i never printed for my files  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Missouri did not receive a MO-CR form for credit of taxes that I paid to Kansas.  Also they adjusted my Medicare Tax amount and I do not pay medicare or social security since I work for the Railroad.Please call my cell at [[ PII REMOVED]]  

Its really almost impossible for anyone here to determine what you did wrong with your filing.....if you prepared your non-resident KS tax return first, and then did your MO resident tax return second and went thru the Credit for taxes paid to KS questions that are in the MO section, then the MO-CR should have been filed with that data.Cant see how the Medicare issue would come up unless you put some $ in the wrong place somewhere..Might be best for you to call customer support and talk to a TTX representative on the phone.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


You really need to make it so that there is a receipt for that.... I had thought it had to show you a receipt for it to be legal. But if it is or if it isn't it really doesn't matter, for the customers sake it should tell you what you are paying for and allow them to review it.  

Your fees is one of the MENU items.  


i have about 200 colectible decorative plates to donate to a charity thrift store. How do I value each plate to be an acceptable deduction?  

Ask the thrift store how much they plan to sell them for.  


When I filed my taxes I didnt have a account to deposit my refund into so I used my boyfriends. I never got it and we split up & now youre sending emails saying that youll take $103 out of his account on June 3rd for MY taxes. You cant take his money from his account, he will sue. Please contact me immediately. [remove]  

If the IRS holds your tax refund and you requested to have the TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund, then you have received notices to pay the TurboTax account fees.  There are toll free phone numbers on the notices you received to make arrangements on how to pay the fees.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a tax return being held by the IRS and the payment of fees - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\nHow do you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing fees?\n\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\nIn addition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\nAlso, this is your first and only post to the AnswerXchange.  If you need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent you need to use their contact website.\nTo contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.\nSubmit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ \nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number\n  


Sell my rental house and me finance  

In a lease purchase, YOU maintain the title until the terms of the agreement have been met. In seller financing, the title changes to the buyer, but you hold the mortgage.You may wish to see a local professional to structure this correctly.  


They want 1095a and newly computed 8962. Would you have a sample on how to fill these  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118  


Is there any way I can fight that or get it reduced?  

You can request an abatement of penalty if you have been on-time with the IRS for the last three years. But if you did not pay your Estimated Tax quarterly that may not work for you.  


irs needs info  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Since my income tax had been taken. How can I find out how much more I old on my student loan?  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html  


I need to print my 2014 return. I was told i can at a later date since i used the free version. NOW it will not allow me to.  Im not signing up whit you just to print 1 return. I no longer use turbo tax, it was actually a mistake that i used it in 2014.  

You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf  


My company sold to another company  I had 35 years and was forced to retire. I didnt plan on retiring but had no choice. i was 54 in 2015 and didnt turn 55 until 2016. I had to redraw some money from my 401k and got charged the penalty. I read that if you were terminated you didnt have to pay the penalty.. Does this apply to my situation? The company terminate our jobs when they sold us to another company. I paid the penalty but was wondering if i shouldnt have?  

It would not be subject to the penalty if you\nwere age 55 or over and you retired or left your job.  If not and you received it, you could have avoided the penalty by rolling it into an IRA.\n\nThe\nfollowing are exceptions to the penalty for premature distributions from a 401k or 403b account that was not rolled over:\n\n\nDistributions upon the death or disability of the\n     plan participant.\nYou were age 55 or over and you retired or left\n     your job.\nYou received the distribution as part of\n     substantially equal payments over your lifetime.\nYou paid for medical expenses exceeding 7.5%  (10% for 2013 and later) of your\n     adjusted gross income.\nMoney is used to pay back taxes to the IRS\n     after a levy has been placed against the IRA\nThe distributions were required by a divorce\n     decree or separation agreement (qualified domestic relations court\n     order), \n\n\n 


A pair of business partners have a business account and respective personal accounts. One business partner gives the other business partner a monthly stipend contingent on the generation of ideas that may one day produce profit for the business. Expenses and distributions are determined on a monthly basis and transferred into a personal account rather than the business account. Neither partner reports this transfer of funds as income. A tax professional in the local community believes these distributions are taxable income. The tax professional said the deposits could be considered non-taxable distributions only if the deposits came from the business account. The partners could then refer to the monies as shareholder distributions/loans that are not taxable. The business tax statements would need to reflect each distribution/loan from Partner A via the business account in order for tax to be exempt. However, the money is taxable since it is transferred into the personal account of Partner B for the exchange of ideas and investment. Technically, Partner A should be giving Partner B a 1099 at the end of the year to reflect each distribution and Partner B should be reporting this income to the IRS (similar to an advanced royalty). Can you offer your thoughts and professional opinion on this issue?  

Im not sure anyone could offer any helpful advice without first reading the agreement for services between the partners.  However, what you describe certainly sounds like payment for services rendered or to be rendered, which would be taxable to the recipient.  Calling it a stipend instead of compensation doesnt change that.Even if it came from the partnership account you would be describing Guaranteed Payments to Partners which would be taxable to the recipient and deductible by the partnership.  


Why would I need to pay the fee (possibly a second time) if I chose to have it taken out of my refund?  

Your agreement with Turbotax for payment of your fees is that if the IRS doesnt pay your refund, or pay it timely, you would pay it from your checking account.  


Please inform me by email. I don't want an issues when I file next years return. Thank you so much  

Make a note of the correct account to be used next year. Dont forget the password.  


I've been waiting for almost 4 months for my return. I've tried calling the IRS and everyday I call it tells me basically I'm screwed. I'll click the option I need and it tells me basically I'm not important enough for them right now. Why is the IRS number so stupid. I just want to know if I'm even going to get a return! I'm just tired of sitting around waiting and I'm struggling right now and need to know if that is even money I should look forward to getting!  

You may get more response from the IRS if you make an appointment at a local IRS office.  Otherwise try this procedure -Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


I signed in and it shows my return amount but I cannot find nor print off my 2015 return  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I just need to know how I can print a copy of my 2016 tax return  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


can never get a live person at IRS  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


How do you actually get in touch with someone, like a real body, at TurboTax?  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


We need a confirmation number to give to NCDOR so we are not fined for a late payment.There was no communication that our  payment did not go through on April 18, just be patient and wait 3 to 4 weeks.  

You cannot use TurboTax to send a direct debit from your bank account for North Carolina taxes owed with your state return.See the answer here - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3307373-question-on-nc-payment  


I need to know how much we owe and I cant even view my returns anywhere  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I e-filed through turbotax. Also, is there anything else I need to send.  

It means the IRS location where you would mail your 1040 tax return to. You can find the address using this link: http://www.irs.gov/file/content/0,,id=105690,00.html  


I think my question is clear.  

Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3204096-why-are-there-3-fees-charged-to-my-refund  


So basically the story breaks down like this.  My wife and I are separated and filing for dissolution soon.  Our child primarily lives with her mother but spends mornings and at least two nights a week with me based on my work schedule.  I was looking to claim her to receive SNAP benefits but were concerned that if I do my wife (who gets to claim her this year) wont be able to claim her on her taxes.  Does anyone have information on this?  

SNAP is completely separate, so check with those folks.  


no  

Amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


I want to go to the T2125 form for a motor vehicle addition this year for a $16,767.89 vehicle and get a capital cost allowance.  My current turbotax wont allow me into the details of the form. Can you walk me through how to do that?  

Yes, heres how:In Turbo Tax, select the Federal Taxes tab, go to Deductions and Credits, and choose "Explore on my own". Scroll down to Your Home / Mortgage Interest.Now click "Add a Lender" and continue through the interview.I hope this helps!  


Does mortgage points and property tax interest raise my refund  

You can deduct mortgage interest, points, and real estate property tax paid at closing. You report those expenses along with other mortgage interest/property taxes paid in the year atFederal Taxes (or Personal if using Home and Business)Deductions And Creditschoose I'll choose what I work on, if asked OR Jump to Full ListMy HomeAll other costs paid at closing, including transfer taxes, "stamps", escrow fees, etc., are NOT deductible from current income, instead you add them to the cost basis of your home and you will get the benefit when you sell.The deductible items are itemized deductions, you get no tax benefit from itemized deductions until all of them added together are more than your standard deduction.2015 Standard DeductionTaxpayer under 65, not claimed as a dependent$6,300 for Single$12,600 for Married Filing Jointly, or Qualifying Widow(er) with dependent child$9,250 for Head of Household$6,300 for Married Filing SeparatelyFor over 65 or blind, add $1,250 for each instance or add$1,550 each instance if single and not a surviving spouse.  


There are two different federal refund amounts listed. I know how to subtract. The question refers to which refund amount is correct?  

Is $817 what you filed for, and $733 what the IRS says they issued?  If so, the IRS will be sending you a letter  


ive already did my taxes and got my refund..however I have another I forgot about  

On your TurboTax home pageClick Taxes\nClick My Tax Timeline\nScroll down to things you can do\nClick Amend under your 2015 tax return\n  


17 year old child is going to college, our income doesnt qualify us for any federal loan or grant money. We own our home, pay interest on a mortgage, have a 15 year old 2 years away from college, little to no college savings for either, spouse has IRA, few scholarships, and bad credit. Kid #1s school is offering some grant and scholarship money but it only covers half of tuition,room & board, fees, etc..If I file separately, claim the 2 children as dependents, have $0 income, would both dependents get more access to federal grant and loan money? What are the potential drawbacks of doing this? What other ways can you think of to qualify us for more federal grant or loans?  

There are many issues involved here, including the fact that your spouses tax liability will be different if you file MFS. And, since you all live together, the financial folks may not care how you file. There are also special considerations in Community Property States.Please see a local financial planning professional. 


My amended return was recieve on March 11 2016 irs.com said an i went to the irs they told me dif they said they just got it may 15 an they sighn it still and the processing stage how long till it get adjusted it Ben a 11 weeks i know they said 12. But u need answers  

Amended return usually take 16 weeks.www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/amended-return-frequently-asked-question...  


1) I dont have employees nor do I foresee having employees. 2) I wish to run this business as a sole proprietor who performs the work for customers himself and, from time to time, uses independent contractors to help me with the work load.3) The LLC is a full-service IT support company serving business customers. I would prefer to list the EIN and LLC name on a W9.4) I do not want to file as S Corp, C Corp or any other LLC designation. I want to maintain my status as a sole proprietor and file for taxes under Schedule C.Thanks in advance for any help! :-)  

Yes you use the EIN # on the W9 and schedule C and any 1099Misc you give out to contractors. 


Does the single member LLC need an EIN to issue 1099s?  

Yes.  But you don't need to get a EIN for 1099Misc unless you want to.  Like if you don't want to use your own ssn.You need to give a 1099Misc to anyone you paid $600 or more to for the year. But not to corporations or for merchandise. You send the IRS a copy of the 1099Misc with the transmittal summary form 1096. These are due to the person by Jan 31 and to the IRS by March 31.Are you filing schedule C in your personal 1040 return for your LLC or did you elect to be a S or C Corp?  For 1040 returns you can prepare W2s or 1099Misc in the Home & Business version either Online or buy the Desktop CD/Download program. 


i recently started COBRA insurance premiums Are they normally an item you can claim as an itemized deduction?  

Yes you can deduct any and all out of pocket medical premiums and expenses on schedule A if you itemize deductions and have enough medical to deduct.  You can only deduct the medical amount that's over 10% of your AGI (7.5% if 65 or older).  And then all your deductions have to be more than the Standard Deduction to be used at all.For 2015 the standard deduction amounts are:Single 6,300 + 1,550 for 65 and overHOH 9,250 + 1,550 for 65 and overJoint 12,600 + 1,250 for each 65 and overMarried filing Separate 6,300 + 1,250 for 65 and over  


I bought a car in March 2015 and then traded it in due to being in an accident and got another car in October 2015. Can I add the taxes I paid on both vehicles to my amended return? If so where could I find the information on which taxes I paid on one of the vehicles as I cannot find the paperwork from purchasing it.  

Yes, if you are claiming an itemized deduction for sales tax, you can add the tax you paid for both cars. However, if the sales tax rate on cars is higher than the general sales tax rate, you can only deduct the amount you would have paid at the general sales tax rate. You deduct either sales tax or state and local income tax, whichever is more. You cannot deduct both. So if your total sales tax deduction, including the two cars, is less than your state and local income tax deduction, the sales tax on the cars wont make any difference. Also, for the deduction to have any benefit your total itemized deductions have to be more than your standard deduction.There is no general repository of sales tax transactions where you could look up the amount of tax you paid. If you bought the car from a dealer, the dealer probably still has a copy of the bill of sale. You will need to know the total amount of the sale, before the tax, the sales tax amount, and the sales tax rate. If you cant get the information from the dealer, there is probably no other way to get it.Heres how to enter the sales tax in TurboTax Home & Business.\nClick the Personal Tab. (In other versions click the Federal Taxes tab.)\nClick Deductions & Credits.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Deductions & Credits scroll down to the section Estimates and Other Taxes Paid.\nClick the Start, Update, or Revisit button for Sales Tax.\nThe exact screens for sales tax will vary depending on your other deductions. When it asks you how you want to enter your sales tax info, select EasyGuide, not Enter All My Receipts. After you answer some questions about where you lived and the sales tax rate, you will come to a screen that asks if you made any major purchases. Click Yes and enter the two car purchases on the next screen.  


I've followed the directions that were told to do and this doesn't work  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


No longer have access to other email due to divorce  

You should speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for this particular situation.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I qualified for EIC. I never got a check?  

EIC is already factored into the calculation of your refund or taxes due. You do not get a separate check for it.Look at Form 1040EZ line 8a, or Form 1040A line 42a.  


My parents obtained health nsurance on my behalf through the marketpalce.  I am recent college grad and file myself, not a dependent of my parents, although under age 26.   I did not receive a 1095A.   In the middle of 2015, I obtained my own health insurance, although my parents neglected to remove me from their coverage until 2016.  How do I record ontax return?  

\nGet a copy of your parents 1095-A.\nTell TurboTax that you had health insurance all year.\nTell TurboTax that you had Marketplace insurance.\nEnter the 1095-A (see note later on).\nCheck the box that insurance policy was shared with somebody that is not on your tax return.\nEnter the percentages.  See this post: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...\n\nNote:  Was the policy you purchased on your own a private policy or an employer policy?  If it was an employer policy (or Medicaid), the SLCSP on the 1095-A is wrong for those months, and you (and your parents) may need to look up the proper number.  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/  


Your TurboTax program incorrectly depicts my income as $0 under Schedules K-1, Q on the Wages & Income page.  

You can preview your 1040 under My Account -> Tools -> View Tax Summary -> Preview my 1040 (depending on the other income you have, this might be sufficient to see the interest and gains etc).  As for the specific forms you mentioned, you can view those forms only after the Turbo Tax online program is purchased.  You can do this through My Account -> Print Center -> Print, Preview this years return (you will then be prompted to pay for your purchase and you can then view all the forms and schedules).Also, its not really incorrect that 0 shows up as income under the K1 heading because K1s are informational forms and the income/deductions flow to other forms/schedules.  Otherwise, it would show the income twice under the K1 heading and then again under your other headings and it would then look like you have double the income.  But, I can see why having 0 there might be concerning when you are reviewing your entries - maybe they should add something to make that clearer.  


I need to do a amended tax return (2013) I did not file with Turbo Tax for 2013 can you do an amended return for me?  Cost?  

TurboTax is a software program, it cannot complete a tax return or an amended tax return for you.  You can use the software to complete a tax return or an amended return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing an amended return where you did not use TurboTax to complete the original tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2939017-can-i-use-turbotax-to-amend-my-return-if-i-prepared-my-tax... 


The check was for me and for my husband. He passed away on year 2015. Am I legitimate to do that?  

If you filed a joint return in 2012, and never cashed the refund check, you can initiate a trace and request a new check here. https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...If you happen to still have the uncashed check, it probably wont be honored this late, so request a new one.  


My returns were rejected bc of a recurring problem that I have since fixed. All my returns are complete, refunds received, is there a way to "mark my returns complete"? When I log in they still say "rejected" but I am done with them.  

If your returns were accepted but the PDF still says rejected, you have to kick the program to generate a new PDF. See the instructions here.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993 


Can I have my money back?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


I accidentally signed up for my company's dental insurance plan, while I was still covered under my parents' plan. I cancelled the plan through work after a few months, having paid about $85 toward the plan. I am now getting a reimbursement of that money since it was retroactively cancelled, but my concern is that reimbursements aren't taxed and the premiums came out of my paycheck pre-tax. Should I count this as "additional income" on my 2016 return to cover the taxes I would have paid had this been in my paychecks all along?  

If your employer does not report the reimbursement on your W-2 or a 1099-MISC, heres how to add it to the wages on your tax return. These steps are for 2015 TurboTax. It will probably be very similar for 2016.\nClick the Federal Taxes tab.\nClick Wages & Income.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Income Summary, scroll all the way down to the last section Less Common Income. Click the Start, Update, or Revisit button for the last topic, Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C.\nThe next screen says Lets Work on Any Miscellaneous Income. Click the Start, Update, or Revisit button for the first topic, Other income not already reported on a Form W-2 or Form 1099.\nThe next screen asks Did you receive any other wages? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next two screens are for wages earned as a household employee and sick or disability pay. Just click Continue on those screens without entering anything.\nThe next screen, Any Other Earned Income, asks Did you earn any other wages? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next screen asks the source of the other earned income. Select Other and click Continue. (Do not select Employee compensation that was not reported on a W-2 on this screen, even though thats what it really is.)\nOn the next screen enter a short description and the amount. The description will appear on a TurboTax worksheet, but will not appear on your tax return. Click Done.\nThis will take you back to the first Miscellaneous Income screen. Click Continue.\n\n  


I have already filed 2015 taxes for a medical missionary in Peru.  Last two years she received support from Samaritans Purse, so her income was on W-2 forms and tax withholding and Social Security Taxes were taken out.  This year, 2016, she is being supported by private donations in an account that is being managed by a church.  From that account she is taking out a monthly stipend.  The church does nothing more than service the account, no withholding income or Social Security Taxes.  The amount she will make in 2016 is even less than what she made in either 2014 or 2015 when she worked for Samaritans Purse, and even then she did not pay any income taxes either year.  I filed her 2015 returns using 2015 TurboTax Deluxe.How can I use this program to file a 1040-SE or whatever to withholding income and Social Security Taxes?  

Im assuming that as her 2015 return has been filed youre asking about 2016.She does not pay social security during the year.  Rather, when she files her 2016 income tax return it will include a Schedule C (for her support and expenses) and SE (to compute self-employment tax, which is self-employed FICA and Medicare.)  No payments identified as social security are made until that time.If she anticipates she is going to owe more than $1,000 when she files her return in 2016 she can make quarterly estimated tax payments this year.  These are not social security and medicare payments, they are only prepayments on her 2016 return the same as withholding from wages.You could use TaxCaster (https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/) to estimate her tax liability but it is for wages.  To convert it to her situation, consider her net self-employment income as wages and add about 13% of her net profit for self-employment tax to the TaxCaster total.  Divide that total by four for the estimated tax payments she needs to make.  Remember, the first one was due April 15.Its not 100% accurate as its based on her estimate of income, which likely wont be all that accurate, but it should get her started.  It also uses 2015 tax rates, but they dont change much year to year.  


Got papers from the IRS saying it needs more information to process my return. Asking for a completed Form 8962, a copy of your Form 1095-A, a newly computed page 2 of your tax return with your original signatures showing the transferred amount from Form 8962.  

Follow the instructions in the FAQ at the following link. In the FAQ click the link for TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571Also read the information on the IRS web site by clicking the link in the FAQ that says Understanding Your Letter 0012C. 


How do I download a copy of my W2s that were done thru Tubotax?  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.htmlIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I claimed some business equipment on 5-yr depreciation in 2014, but am able to claim everything as expenses in 2015. How do I continue depreciation on the equipment from last year?  

If you used TurboTax last year and you transferred it to this years TurboTax, it should already be there.  You wont need to do anything.  You can check your assets in TurboTax or your Depreciation and Amortization worksheet (the sideways looking worksheet) to confirm that your assets are there.If you did not transfer your information from last year, you need to enter them as assets and enter the information that it asks for.  


Does not show that I filed taxes from 2015  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Whenever I get the money, I pay for classes,books,etc and put the rest in my bank account. I have never had a job and never filed for any taxes.  

You would not be required to file a tax return for either year since the amount was below the amount required to file a return regardless of whether you could be a dependent of someone else or not.  


I DONT HAVE THIS FORM  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS Form 8962 request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 


I went back and erased my info so that I wasn't operating under deluxe and it said it would not charge me the 50 or so dollars in checkout and you guys did. Now you want to charge my acct for $64 I am so upset no is ever responding to me. Please help.  

Did you do a state return?  State is extra in all versions.  In the Free Edition state is 29.99 and to have it deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Service charge so total would be 64.98.How to find your feesLog in to your returnClick on My Account at the top, then on ToolsClick on My FeesA window will pop up that shows the feesAnd to have the fees deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Fee (39.99 in California). Or you can pay with a credit card and avoid the extra charge.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301994  


I am using Form 8836 to claim an education credit. Line 3 asks for line 38 from Form 1040 (AGI), but TT is putting in my gross income. Does anyone know whether this matters and, if so, how to fix it? Thanks!  

I assume you mean Form 8863. There is nothing to fix. TurboTax is putting the correct amount on line 3. Line 3 does not just say to enter the amount from Form 1040 line 38. It also says If you are filing Form 2555, 2555-EZ, or 4563, . . . see Pub. 970 for the amount to enter. Pub. 970 has a worksheet (Worksheet 2-1 on page 20) to calculate the amount to enter on line 3. It starts with your AGI from 1040 line 38, and adds your excluded foreign income, foreign housing exclusion, and foreign housing deduction. Thats what TurboTax is doing.  


Your product and service sucks  

This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I believe that I paid extra to have Turbotax automatically pay my balance with the state of Connecticut, but I received a notice from a third party that the transfer did not go through and then was fined $185.87 by the State of Connecticut for a late return.  If I paid extra for this service, I would like to be refunded the amount I paid extra.  Regardless of that, I would like to be refunded the fine amount.  

TT does not pay your taxes, and does not charge for that.If your state allows it, TT just forwards your banking or credit card info to the state, and they are responsible for pulling the payment.  Open your state return, and go to the File  tab to see what your choice was.  


I am not sure if I used TurboTax the last time I filed..  

Only you can find that information by logging in and looking at the timeline. Sign onto your online account using this\nTurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


For 2015 tax I only work for about 2 months and i worked at a company called Sidecar it is like an Uber or Lyft and I did get a car insurance and now I have health care penalty. How did I get a penalty? Also I don't have W2 they only gave me "1099-MISC_from_Side_cr_LLC" that. Please help me file and fix my tax for the year 2015.  

The IRS considers anything\nin box 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. Enter the 1099-Misc income,\nat Other Common income / income from a 1099-MISC . TurboTax (TT) will complete\nSchedule C or C-EZ for you and allow you to deduct any expenses associated with\nthis income. Youll also have to pay self employment tax (social security &\nMedicare) on any profits greater than $400. These types of payments are\nfrequently done this way. Your employer is not the only one.\n\n The IRS also\nconsiders undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work\nperformed, to be self employment income. \n\nYou may have to upgrade to\nthe Home & Business version of TT. Theres a chance you may be able to use\nTT Deluxe or Premier. Enter your income at the 1099-Misc screen (even if you\ndidnt get a 1099-misc). For details, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901317-schedule-c-ez-net-profit-from-a-business IRS information on\nSelf Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\n\nAs to the Health Insurance ... review your answers in the Health Insurance tab however you will owe a penalty if you didnt have insurance all year and you dont have an exception to the penalty.  


trying to print past returns and they are downloading as 100 plus pages  

Print your form 1040 (or 1040A or 1040EZ)Print the forms that show an Attachment Sequence Number in the upper right corner.Print the pages entitled Attachment (or Explanation) for Form nnn where nnn is one of the forms printed.  


why are faster laptops worth less than slower ones?  

ItsDeductible values are derived from actual resale prices of the items. 


It's very important,I NEED it today. i"ve been a loyal customer  

f you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


order number TTWQR1B23080697  

Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  If you prepared it in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF or data\nfile.\n\nIf\nyou prepared the return online, log into your account with the same User\nID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things\nyou can do see if you\ncan find and view/print/save the PDF.\n\nIf you used TurboTax Online, but you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.   To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can\nuse this tool.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the\ntool on each one:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then run the tool another time, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look up your accounts by SSN\nand other parameters.\n\nAlso see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n 


IRS says my tax return was wrong. They say I claimed too much federal wi thholding. I need to see how I came to that amount.  

Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return  


I paid all the premiums myself with Florida Blue from 1/7/15 through June, then I started Medicare on August 2015 through December 2015.  

Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2  


i contacted turbo tax over the phone and they said i could because i filed online last year online and had the deluxe version, when i bring up my tax timeline it just says " joined turbo tax" nothing more.  

If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I completed and submitted my 1040 and received a refund.  I have to file an amendment to claim foreign income (but it is totally exempt based on criteria).  However, once the program recalculates, it shows I owe $687 in Federal Tax now.  Nothing has changed in my return except that I claimed the Foreign income.  Why is it showing I owe tax now??  

Adding income (even if it is exempt foreign income on the form 2555) will change other items on your return like deductions & credits.  Review the new form 1040 in the amended return next to the original form 1040 to see the differences.  


When amending taxes do we have to reprint every document or just the portion where we explain the amendment and send in the supporting documents?  

You have to print and send in the Form 1040X and any forms or schedules that changed as a result of the amendment.  


I misplaced my 2014 tax year CD. Sometimes I download program but 2014 I bought CD. Is there anyway to get a replacement. I have used TurboTax for many years. I need to file an amended return. Thanks for any help.  

You can phone TurboTax Support during business hours and ask for a 2014 program.  It will likely be the download, however.   Actually that is good, since the download is the most recent release, while the 2014 CD will always be R1.  You can burn your own CD-R with the installation file if you want.   The download should remain in your online account for up to 3 years, however.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I got a pleasant surprise refund, but I'd like to find where the turbo tax error came from  

I cant tell you what happened, but I can tell you how to look at worksheets.  If you need to, you can phone TurboTax Support for realtime help.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   There should be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method to get the most forms, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


In the non-online version of TT, there was a form option and you could see how a line was calculated.  I dont see how to do that in the online version.....is it possible?  if not, that is a big take away.  

No, that feature is not available in Online TurboTax.  There is no Forms Mode for viewing and editing actual forms, and there is no data source feature.That is one of several disadvantages of the Online product over the desktop (CD/download) version.If you havent paid and would like to do so, you can download your data file and switch to the desktop product without starting over, if youd like to purchase a CD/download product.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...Or if you want to be able to view online forms at will, you can pay in advance for your Online product to get viewing and printing privilege, but it will not have the data source feature you asked about in your question, for info on how a line was calculated.  If you want to pay in advance, we can tell you how.  


How do I have my state refund directly deposited  

If your state allows that option then choose it in the state section of the FILE tab.  


one adult  put three on the w4 the other 0  

You get one personal exemption for each person listed on the tax return ... 2 adults + 3 kids = 5 exemptionsWhat you entered for payroll allowances on the W-4 doesnt effect the tax return exemptions.  


In 2013 I filed single but I claim my adult son (who is bipolar and unable to work), I claim him as a dependent on my tax return. I provide more than half his support and he lives with me,. I am self employed and my income showing on my 1099  space 7  was 40,114.84. My adjusted gross income was 12,084.00  In 2014 and 2015 I filed head of household with the same circumsrtances.  Would it be wise to amend my 2013 return to show a filing status of Head of Household instead of single.? Thank You!  

Look at line 44 of the form 1040, if that line is already a zero then the HOH status will not help you.  


I moved to MN but my employer still deducted CA state taxes for a majority of the year.  How can I fill out the non resident form for CA so that MN can receive the taxes and credit my return appropriately.  This would double my state return amount.  

If you worked in CA for part of the year then you will complete a part year resident return to get a refund of the excess withholding. When you follow the state interview you will be able to allocate the amount of earnings that belongs to CA.  Be prepared for CA to question this allocation so getting a letter from the employer to acknowledge the error would be smart.  Also CA will not send the  refund to MN directly, you will need to pay the taxes yourself and wait for the CA refund to come to you.  


I am considering selling a rental property and have some concerns about capital gains and depreciation recapture taxes.  Here are the details: Purchased condo as primary residence in 2004 for 167,000.  Refinanced in 2006 with interest-only, cash out loan.  I moved and it became a rental property in 2009.  I have claimed depreciation every year since, totaling $38,461.  Current loan balance is roughly $192,000 and I am looking to sell to my current tenant for $204,000.  We have a broker willing to do the transaction for around $2k.  My understanding is that my loan balance (much higher than my purchase price) is not considered in computing capital gains and depreciation recap meaning my basis is the $167k, giving me a much higher tax liability on both.  Per my calculations, I figure to make around $9k in profit after the sale, yet I will be taxed the following tax year over $15,000!  Is that correct?  

Assuming your basis is 167k and you decrease your basis by the 38k in depreciation that would leave you with an adjusted basis of 129k.  You sell the property for 204k and that leaves you will a taxable gain of 75k - about half of which will be cap gains and half at the depreciation rate. So, sounds like you are in the ballpark with about 15k tax due.So, thats the bad news, but the good news is I suspect you are probably leaving off possible additions to your basis such as property improvements, i.e a new kitchen or carpeting, settlement fees and closing costs, etc.  There are also tax planning tools like a 1031 exchange, installment sale, or selling offsetting capital gain loss property that could take a big bite of the tax bill.  There are also other considerations such as any possible passive activity loss limitations you have had over the past years and also possible exposure to the new net investment income tax of 3.8% depending on your income.  Below are some useful publications for this situation that you should take a look at.  That being said, this is definitely a situation where you would be well advised to consult a local tax professional (CPA or EA) that can really sit down with you and evaluate the whole situation, both what has been going on with the property over the past years and any basis adjustments and future planning considerations, especially if you go down a route like a 1031 exchange.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p523.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p544.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdf  


child social was wrong by 2 numbers. it was fixed and efiled twice now. even if my childs social was not used ( we used the wrong social) then used her correct social, will it still be rejected for same reason even if it wasnt used ,since it was to automatically now be paper filed? or was it really illegally used?  

If the only problem was a SSN mis-match, then you would be able to e-file after fixing it.  Without knowing the exact error message, my guess is that either you still have a mismatch between what the IRS database thinks the childs name and SSN are, or someone else has already claimed that child.The IRS gets their info from the social security administration and they can be wrong.  Then name, birthdate and SSN all have to match and any of them could be wrong.  In that case, you would have to go to the local social security office to correct it and it would take weeks probably before the IRS imported the corrected database, so printing your return will be faster.If someone else really has filed using that SSN, filing by mail is your only option.  The codes are different so we might know more if you posted the exact error message.  


I spent over $40 for your protection and wont to know why the state is fining me.  

Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.Check the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489  


I have received notice that my state personal income taxes due were not paid. I have now been penalized more than the total originally due. When looking at the pdf of the tax forms filed, account and routing numbers are present on the federal forms, but are absent from the state return.  

Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.\n\n Check the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489  


so I paid in and in amended form received a refund but have not gotten the original money taken from my account back yet.  

When you amend the return the amount paid on the original return is taken into consideration so you will not get that amount back ... review the form 1040X ...\n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.  


I was on the phone with them for 3hrs. 5/23/16  

If IRS hasnt received your tax return, you should 1) e-File itOR2) print, sign and mail a paper return via US Mail. 


I payed the $60.00 fee to have it saved and i cannot find it!  

\n\nTurboTaxs instructions for printing and accessing current and prior returns are         For on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748         For download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639            Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.\n\n 


I looked in "History" but it is not there.  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n \n\nSign onto your\nonline account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign\nonto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create\nthe account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of\nall the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email\naddresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user\nIDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue\non the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user\nID\n\nIf you have filed\nyour 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you\nsign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print\nreturn (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets\n\nIn the section Looking\nfor prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to\naccess prior year tax returns.\n\nOnce the PDF has\nbeen downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF\ncompatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nIf you used the\ndesktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your\ntax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was\ncreated.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the\ndesktop editions. 


Now I owe $1886 and penalty of $73 .. How can I depend on Turbo tax moving forward. I was using turbo tax for past 7 years..Can you help?  

Its up to you to review your tax return and be sure that the W-2 information filed matches your actual W-2 before you file it.  


Turbo tax figured my KY state tax and I e-filed  and I was expecting a refund. I called to see why my refund was not sent and I was informed my KY Income tax form was incorrect and I would not be receiving a refund at all.  Is there an error in the program?  

When they change the information on your return the state sends out a letter of explanation. You can try to check your information here..http://www.revenue.ky.gov/refund.htm to see if your tax return is still being processed. The numbers very very seldom come out to exactly zero so you will either get a refund or owe taxes at the end.When you look at your copy of the tax return do you see anything that might be disputed? Did you claim any payments of taxes or credits that might not apply?  


I cant seem to find a transaction on my cards to show that I paid my taxes  

If your tax due is still in your account, you didn't pay your taxes. Did you set up for direct debit? If your account number was incorrect, that would do it. IRS will send a bill.  


I want to be considered as independent for this years taxes, but I am worried that I might be pass the student test since I did go to high school in five months, but only for four hours a day.  

For purpose of the IRS, student refers to post-secondary education.If you are still in high school you are not a student.Tests to be a qualifying child for an exemption:1. The child must be your son, daughter, stepchild, foster child, brother,sister, half brother, half sister, stepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant ofany of them.2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the end of the year and youngerthan you (or your spouse if filing jointly), (b) under age 24 at the end of theyear, a student, and younger than you (or your spouse if filing jointly), or(c) any age if permanently and totally disabled.3. The child must have lived with you for more than half of the year.24. The child must not have provided more than half of his or her own supportfor the year.5. The child must not be filing a joint return for the year (unless that jointreturn is filed only to claim a refund of withheld income tax or estimatedtax paid).If you meet all the tests, someone can claim you.If you dont meet all the tests, no one can claim you. 


Please email me a phone # to call to follow up on my taxes owed to IRS that haven't been deducted from my bank since I filed on April 16, 2016.  

The IRS telephone contact number is 1-800-829-1040.  Listen to the prompts and select the correct prompt.  In some cases, there may be an automated response but it you have to wait for a person to talk to, expect to be on the line for 30 minutes or more.  A good book helps.  I suggest you sign on to the Oklahoma tax authority to get the telephone number for them.Good Luck.  


Site is telling me to upgrade to Plus version, but will not let me upgrade to that or the deluxe version.  

Hello,Please follow this link for instructions on accessing your prior years return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineHope this helps  


I want to file asap. Do I have to file 2015 first and then go back?  

When you want to file tax returns for prior years, you need to use the forms for those years. So you cannot use the 2015 Turbo Tax to file a 2013 tax return. You would need to have the 2013 Turbo Tax to have the 2013 tax forms. The IRS is only required to refund taxes that are within 3 years of when the tax return was due. So if you file for 2010 and 2011 to get a refund, the IRS does not have to give it to you because the time has run out. They may, as it does happen, but hey can say no.  


I work overseas as contractor. I was not informed that I need to be in overseas for 360 days? Because I signed Form 673, my federal deductions was stopped. I end up paying for 2015 taxes. Need help to justify that I am out of the country form Jul-Dec 2015.  

Yes, you can file an amended return.  When you first open TurboTax, the first screen offers the option of File an Amended Return.  


One partner (of 3) in an LLC receives guaranteed payment. But the K1s show the amount this 1 partner received as income split between all 3. How can I enter this guaranteed payment for one partner but in a manner than it wont appear that all three are getting an equal amount?  

I just figured it out...in the section where you add the guaranteed payment, there is a button at the bottom Allocate by Amount.  


Hello, Im a sold proprietor with an EIN this year. I have a Roth-IRA registered with my SSN already and I contribute every year. Q1. Now I want to open a Roth Individual 401(k). I wonder do I have to register the Roth Individual 401(k) with my EIN ? maybe with SSN is ok too ? Q2. If I have both Roth-IRA and Roth Individual 401k already, can I also open an Individual 401k ? and its contribution limit has to share with Roth Individual 401k contribution limit ? Q3. IRS site shows that I dont need to apply new EIN if I run multi business. My question is One of my business may have a DBA name. Is it Ok to run 2 business in different names under same EIN ? Thanks a lot for your help !! M.  

Keep in mind that as a sole proprietor you are both employer and employee.1)  There are generally two parts, the 401(k) plan and the your personal account under the plan.  You would use your businesss EIN when asked for the employers Taxpayer Identification Number on the plan documents and your SSN when identifying you as owner of the particular account under the plan.  However, you should ask the trustee with which you are establishing the plan to be sure that this conforms to their standards.2)  A Roth 401(k) account (Designated Roth Account) is a sub-account associated with your 401(k) account under the plan.  Your plan cant really provide a Roth 401(k) account without also providing a traditional 401(k) account since employer contributions can only be made to the traditional account, not to the Roth account.  Your employee elective deferrals, up to your elective deferral limit, can be split between the traditional and Roth accounts as you see fit.3)  A DBA is simply an alias for your business; registering a DBA does not create a separate business.  If you report everything on a single Schedule C, you have only one sole proprietorship.  


I have been living in Malawi, Africa since September 2011. I filed my taxes for 2011. After that I was told I didnt need to file since I was making less $20,000 a year. I was a student for the first 3 years I was here so I was only working a little bit. Over the last 18 months or so, I have been working full time. However I have only been making around $10,000 a year. First question, Do I need to file? Second question, if I do, how do I go about it?  

You should file but due to the exclusion of the first $90,000 or so of income from another country you would not owe any US Tax.If you want to get back on the wagon, file a 2015 tax return.  


I need to print my 2013 tax returns. I cannot find how. Its requiring a fee, but I cannot see how to pay them. The instructions are not aligning with the pages Im supposed to see. I need this TODAY for a mortgage. Please help. Ive tried on BOTH my iPad, and windows computer. I did my 2015 taxes under a different username. I cant get the two linked together.  

Was your 2015 return prepared in a paid edition?   If so, you wont have to pay again to access the 2013 returns.   Youll just need to get Customer Support to unlock them since they are in a different account.  Heres how to reach them during business hours:FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


help? email me or call me please?  

I got my tax for WA.Washington does not have a state income tax.  


If I purchased it through the 2014 tax software, isn't it supposed to work for the 2015 tax year as well. I just purchased it.  

No you have to download state software every year  


do you have live chat?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have filed before same type of Tax return, but this is a program issue or no one is maintaining the site possibly to fix issues.  

youre probably confusing Form 8949 and Schedule DForm 8949 cannot be accessed directly. it is generated by TurboTAX and the info is copied onto Schedule D.See the 1099-B section to control the amounts on these forms.  


When it downloads its blank  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need to print my 2014 and it will not show me that return. I need to finish 2014 so I can finish 2015 and I need to seen it to IRS  

I believe you should be filing your 2014 & 2015 together. I am pretty sure you can file up to three years of returns together.  Try combining the two and see if that helps you go forward.  


I graduated from college in May 2015. I began working full time in June a month later.  I worked while in college also. My parent is claiming me as a dependent for 2015 because I was in school half of the year. How will this affect my refund? Will it decrease substantially or is there a way to be claimed for half a year?  

You cant be a dependent for only half a year. If you meet the tests to be a dependent, it is for the full year. You lose the $4000 personal exemption when claimed by someone else. Instead of excluding $10,300 of income from taxes, you can only exclude $6300. If you were claiming an education credit, you will also lose that credit because whoever claims the exemption for the student (student or someone else) is the one who claims the credit.  


I am wondering if there is any connection between the IRS and TurboTax.  

No, there is no connection between TurboTax and the IRS.  The taxes owed will remain showing since TurboTax has no way to know if or when the taxes owed were actually paid.  


I didn't get my full refund and need to speak with a real person what is the phone number  

the irs adjusted the amount I was suppose to get. But why exactly did they do so?  Did you make (for example) a data entry error, or forget to claim some income?  


my dividends summary shows a value that is half that showing on the wages and income summary.  I am returning to turbotax after filing an extension and now trying to complete my 2015 return.  

It is possible to get a double entry especially if you download the information from your broker.Go back through the wages and income section for investments and take a look at any lines with amounts. If you click the edit button you can see the entries for that type of dividends .  


Can I look at my 2014 tax return on line  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


The form 2106 calculates my business deductions correctly, but this is not the value brought onto the Statement for Wages, Salaries, and Tips worksheet.  It appears to not take into account the 50% rule for meals & entertainment.   I now have NJ asking for additional tax payments for 2012, and expect this to occur on 2013, 2014, and 2015 returns as I see this issue on each return.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


My refund amount changed per IRS. IRS claims there is an error. I reviewed the lines they said are incorrect, but I do not see it. Turbo Tax calculated the amounts. How do I get them to review?  

Hello Ben, You can contact TurboTax by calling (number removed-this is a general corporate number that would require many transfers to get to the right person)  and one of their agents will guide you through the return to help you locate the error.Hope this helps  


The below steps are provided to skip fedral filing. But The option Print and Fie tab is not availiable.To E-file just State:- Click the State Taxes tab.- Click on the Print & File tab.- Choose File a Return.- On the screen Select Returns Youre Ready to E-file.    Under Federal check Do Not E-file my Federal Return now, Ill do it later.    Under State check E-file my State Return now.  

You have to mail the state return.  You can only efile state if the federal was efiled first.  See the 3rd sentence in this one,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301358  


I may have to file an amended return.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I just filed 2014 taxes when I sighn them do I use the date I did my return that was 5/23/2016?or do I need to back date it?  

You sign the return and enter the date that you signed the return.  So if you signed the return on 5/23/2016 then that is the date you would use.  


Where do I purchase 2013 & 2014?  

Go to this TurboTax website to purchase and download prior tax year desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


I need to know what my taxable income is in box 43.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


This may be the reason for my 2015 tax return being rejected.  Please help me.  

https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I just want to know that the IRS received my amended return and that my updated refund is on the way.  

Amended return take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


I need to talk to somebody at Turbotax  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


Our state return did not show state taxes paid. This was done by mistake. Called turbo tax several times, could not get anyone who knew how to fix this problem. Very disappointed, after using turbo tax for so many years. Can this problem be fixed?  

Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3001187-on-our-state-return-108-state-taxes-paid-is-not-shown-can-...  


Originally before I bought deluxe i started a practice return on free turbo tax.  Thats whats is on the turbo tax site when I sign in.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


i need to know what i sent in because my printer wasnt working and i dont have a copy of my tax return for 2014  

To print your 2014 tax return.Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


TurboTax has always done this on our return correctly...why not this year and are you responsible since it is an error on your part in not adding it to our return as in prior years.  

Turbotax will sometimes recommend calculating a penalty, but it does not always recognize the situation.  You can manually force Turbotax to check the penalty calculation on the other tax situations page before you file, but even then, the Turbotax result may be different from the IRS.The more important thing for you to do is to increase your quarterly payments or figure out why you keep paying a penalty so you can avoid it next year.  


I got a letter from the IRS saying that I have some incorrect information on the income I claimed. The discrepancy is due to a withdrawal of my IRA which is already taxed. They are trying to tax me again on that withdrawal. When I did my taxes, I chose the audit defense but I don't know how to contact them. Please advise. Thanks.  

The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your IRS notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you.  


Does Turbo Tax offer a guarantee in this situation? According to VA Department of Taxation filing Code 52 Long-Term Capital Gain subtraction in my situation was an error and I need to pay the tax due plus accrued interest.  

Simply go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ select your TurboTax platform   ask your question / state your problem,  click Submit.  On the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.Youll then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.  


You sent me instructions that I cannot follow.  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition  


I am in  a middle East country on assignment and I cant call them Kindly look into it for me please  

TT cannot determine the status for you.  Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally  


I filed an amended return on Turbo Tax, but I do not see record of that when I sign in. Where can I go to check the status of that amended return?  

Use this IRS website to check the status of an amended return - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1And this IRS website for amended return FAQs - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


Will I be liable for underpaid taxes to DC at the end of the year if my employer is withholding to the wrong state? Is there a way to transfer my VA withholdings to DC?  

If you are employed in VA then you should submit Form VA-4 to your employer to have DC taxes withheld instead.http://www.scps.virginia.edu/uploads/vataxform.pdfComplete a nonresident VA return, declaring 0 VA income to get all of your VA tax withholding back as a refund.  


I was a travelling consultant and worked out side OH state most of the year. What should I do now?  

If OH is your home state, it taxes all of your income, regardless of where generated.  


I did filed by e-tax on 02/28. When I filed taxes TurbTax showed I am going to get refund from CA FTB. Today after couple of months CA FTB sent me letter saying I owe them several thousand dollars. I checked with 2 other friends who has similar issue and have used TurboTax this year and having exact same issue. Is this something issue on TT side, not able to connect the missing dots between TT and CA FTB Tax system. Any one faced similar situation.  

TT files millions of returns every year.  Most errors are due to users keying in something wrong, forgetting to claim income, or misclaiming estimated taxes paid.Look carefully at the letter from CA and compare it to what you filed.  


My name is Stephanie Doty  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.  Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Another person submitted a tax return in my name so I had to mail mine in per IRS.  I paid on March 29, 2016.  

To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Reference a billing issue rather than refund when arranging a call. The office is open during normal Pacific time business hours.  


Im from Santiago, Chile  

You appear to be using TT Federal Free. Your can delete any state return, and then efile Federal.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900608-how-do-i-delete-my-state-in-turbotax-online You can then poll the state forms and instructions from the State tax website, do them by hand, and mail them.  


I am being audited  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer. 


I purchased items on an Amazon Wish List for a Non For Profit Dog rescue and they shipped straight to the rescue. I have my amazon receipt. I cant figure out how to list this in its deductible. Its technically an item donation, but the way they have its deductible set up, I am not getting full value for my donation.  

Since you shipped an item (or instructed someone else to do so on your behalf) you donated an item. The item not the money you spent on the item can be claimed as your tax deduction.  If you had send the cash to the organization and they had purchased the item then you would be able to claim a cash donation. Basically the tax claim is on what ever the rganization received from you.  Hope this helps.  


I do not live in America anymore. I also have no contacts there who can help. Unable to call the 1800 nr as that is for some reason not a valid number on my Norwegian phone. I can however recieve calls from USA.  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally  


I am a dependent full time college student. I am considering donating my eggs to help pay for college, among other things. I want to know at what income level I need to pay Texas. I've seen lots of numbers thrown around, such as you need to pay taxes if you make above $6300, but I don't know the answer for sure. Can someone please tell me how much I have to make before I am required to file a tax return on my income? Thanks.  

see IRS Pub 501 at    www.irs.gov     for who must file, depending on income and circumstances.  


Company is paying my taxes, but I don't know if I need to do anything else at this time with corrected W-2.  

Its not clear how the company pays your taxes for you.But one thing is clear, you must file a 2015 tax return.  


I just got my netspend card .where. do i put the account number and routing is so the can put the money on my card.  

CALL TURBO TAX CUSTOMER SERVICE AND REQUEST TO BE CONNECTED TO THE BILLING DEPT AND STATE YOUR ISSUE/MISTAKE AND HAVE A PROFESSIONAL TAKE CARE OF IT.  


The answers received are not on TurboTax I am working.  The only option is file extension.  But I have already filed extension and paid $1,500.  So I can not complete my return.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I had to amend my return after my original return was accepted.  I received a direct deposit for the amount from my original return and sent in a check for what was owed from my amended return.  What is the timeline for the original direct deposit to be taken back out of my bank account?  

It isnt. The amount you owed on the amended return already reflected (took into account) your prior refund.  


I filed a deployment that occurred in March of 2016.  How do I amend my return which has already been accepted to show this was not in 2015?  

If you want an answer, I suggest that you explain what you mean by deployment. I know what the word means, but what does it have to do with income tax?  


i need to know my tax id  

Your tax id is your social security number or a EIN assigned by the IRS for your small business. You can apply for an EIN https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n... 


Bob Meighan and Turbo Tax PeopleRE: Request For Payment  2015 Tax Return As your e-mail states: the IRS has put my 2015 tax refund (WHICH YOU PROCESSED!) on hold because of some error WHICH IS YOUR FAULT! I received a letter from them, dated May 16, 2016 asking me to complete some form 8962 and include information from and a copy of form 1095Ainvolving some health insurance marketplace bullshit!So, when I tried to go online to the official IRS website to download this 8962 form, I ended up getting some malware/snoopware called: Myway installed on my Firefox internet browser windows, that I cant get rid of. I even called the lame-ass IRS toll free # included in this letter and waited about 2 hours each day for several dayseven the local Salt Lake City, UT IRS office phone # is a POS! What a bunch of worthless, incompetent, money-grubbin, good-for-nothing government entitiesAnd Im not real impressed with you turbotax people either; to say the leastWHY WASNT THIS DONE BY YOU PEOPLE IN THE FIRST PLACE!? THIS IS YOUR FAULT AND I AM NOT PAYING YOU A DIME, UNTIL THIS 8962 FORM, HEALTH INSURANCE BULLSHIT GETS STRAIGHTENED OUT AND RESOLVED!!!Which I am doing on my own, no thanks to you.I am disgusted that you people have the gall to ask for payment, when you fucked up my tax returnthats adding insult to injury, and Im considering filing suit against you in federal court. Frustrated with corporate greed and corruption,[PII Removed]  

Oh, you also mean that Turbo Tax is asking for payment because the IRS is holding up your refund.If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees It says..... Note: If the IRS releases your refund after you've paid your TurboTax fees, we won't deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.  


I received a bill from state of mi for 2011. I used turbo tax but cant  access my MI return. can I please have that sent to me  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer.  


My son no longer has documentation to file an amended return.  He lost his W2 and has no copy of e-filed return.  He is active-duty military, and wont take time to amend his return for me.  His 2015 income was only about $800, so he probably owed no tax anyway, and his refund might not change if he amended.  Losing the deduction cost me about $4000, so it is very important for me to amend MY return.  

Yes you can amend (but you could have just mailed your original return and claimed him on it).  The IRS will probably send you both letters to determine who is able to claim him.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787  


As a US citizen living abroad for the 2015 tax year, I get an automatic extension till June 15, 2016 for filing my 2015 tax returns. I am a US Citizen who lived abroad (outside of US) for entire tax year of 2015. Where do I report a TAX RETURN payment made in 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015?  

You are going to want to do two things:(1) Report the payment.  Click Federal taxes (or Personal if using Home and Business) -> Deductions and Credits -> Estimates and Other taxes -> Other income taxes -> Payments with 2015 Federal Extension.  Plug in the payment amount you made with the IRS Direct Pay.(2)  Do the extension.  Click Federal -> Other tax situations -> Other tax forms -> File an extension.  Answer Yes to the first question that you want to file an extension and then you should get a question about Do you want to prepare an extension and Do you want to prepare an out of country automatic extension  Answer Yes to the out of country question and follow the prompts.  While you are right that it is automatic, you have to attach an explanation statement to your return basically saying that you qualify.  The program will prompt you to file it out and attach it for you when you efile.  See the link below.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/u-s-citizens-and-resident-aliens-abroad-auto...  


I wanted to amend my 2015 tax return but was using a wrong account and forwarded payment credit card info and want to cancel it now  

So you need a refund?  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead.  


It was based on IRA contributions.  

You probably would have seen this note as a result of entering a code P or code R 2014 Form 1099-R.  Code P on a 2014 Form 1099-R is for a contribution made in 2013 that was returned in 2014 before the due date of your tax return and on which earnings distributed with the returned contribution are reportable and taxable on the 2013 tax return.  Code R on a 2014 tax return is for a contribution (or Roth conversion) made for 2013 and recharacterized in 2014.  The 2013 tax return needs to reflect the result of the recharacterization. 


I have not filed my 2015 Tax returns yet as I am still waiting for some important tax documents. However as a US citizen living abroad, I am eligible for an automatic 2 month extension which allows me to file by June 15, 2016 instead of the regular filing deadline of April 15, 2016.Through the turbotax software, I figured out the tax amount I would need to pay for my 2015 Tax year  and made a TAX RETURN payment in May 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015. My question is that when I finally decide to file my 2015 tax year returns through Turbo Tax, Where do I report the TAX RETURN payment made in 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015?  

Open your return.Click:  Forms (upper right),  in the 1040 Federal:Individual list, there is a  Tax Payments sectionYou can enter payments beyond the 4 quarters or there a spot below that section labeled 2015 extension.  It all gets summed into the year paid, as long as you have told the IRS its for 2015.  


My client was 8 years old when he was sexually violated by Catholic now deceased Priest, now 70 years later he received moneyThe question is taxable or not  

Legal settlements arising from physical injury, or arising from emotional distress as a result of a physical injury, are not taxable income.Legal settlements arising from purely emotional injuries must be included as taxable income, but can be reduced by any medical expenses to treat the emotional injuries (in other words, therapy) as long as those medical expenses were not previously used for a tax deduction.  The taxpayer attaches a written explanation and reports the taxable amount as line 21 other income.  See link for more, https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4345.pdfIf the settlement includes interest, the interest is always taxable no matter what the tax status of the settlement award is.  


What are all the addresses to send the completed 433-D form?  

Internal Revenue Service P.O. Box 9041Andover, MA 01810-9041  


Ok, from your other answers it would appear this is a scam.  That being the case should I report this to someone?  

https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz...  


I am divorcing and want a copy of my joint returns added to my personal account without affecting the account my husband and I currently share.  (The personal account I mentioned I had before I married my husband.)  How is this done?  

Accounts cannot be merged, split or duplicated.You can go to your account and download a pdf and tax file of your return to your computer.  


I am a US citizen working remotely (from the US) for a UK company with no US presence. I am a full-time employee with this company and am paid through their payroll with UK taxes deducted.How do I declare this income to the IRS without a W2 form? Would this be considered Less Common Income if it is my full-time (and only) job?Thank you for any advice.  

If you do not have a\nIRS W-2 from a foreign company then you do not enter the form you received in\nthe W-2 section.  You enter the income as Foreign Earned Income.\n\n       \nClick on Federal Taxes\n\n       \nClick on Wages and\nIncome\n\n       \nClick on Ill choose\nwhat I work on\n\n       \nScroll down to Less\nCommon Income\n\n       \nOn Foreign Earned\nIncome and Exclusion, click the start or update button\n\nSee this TurboTax\nsupport FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-how-do-i-report-foreign-income\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I filed an extension because my gmail had locked me out of all my devices and requested to have my email on turbo tax changed so i could finally finish it but it continued to deny my request for change. I already recieved my visa card with my name on it and have it activated as well.  

When you file an extension (and you owe money),  you are supposed to pay the balance  (even if estimated) of what you owe.  That way you wont be subject to penalties and interest.If you dont owe money, just be sure to file your return by the extension end date.  


Please make available to me the entire 2014 and 2015 Tax Return.  

Its most likely that you have created multiple accounts for yourself and your other returns are under a different User ID.  Use the following link to gain access to any of the accounts under your current email address.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


2015 total family income is roughly 117K, which includes my full-time income (80K) and husbands two jobs of about 17K each for the year + 1K for EI due unemployement + $720 for UCCB.  We have two children, ages 13 & 9 and residing in Canada.  We have filed our taxes as married for the first time since a long-term separation.  We got back together midway through the year.After completing tax return it shows us a refund of about 1K, but no child tax benefit.  Based on governments website calculations, as well as Liberals plan we are supposed to be getting roughly $350 in child tax benefit based on our income of about 117K.  Why doesnt Turbotax show this? It has always showed Child Tax amounts after tax return is completed prior to it being sent to CRA.  

This is the U.S. TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Canadian taxes in the Canada TurboTax AnswerXchange, at the following link.https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


I entered investment info in TurboTax Premier.  TurboTax said Schedule D is not needed (it checked the box on 1040 line 13).  TurboTax did not generate a Schedule D for submission to the IRS.  The IRS wants a copy of Schedule D.  How do I get Schedule D without changing any information already entered in TurboTax and provided to the IRS?  

Heres a screen shot  


I have attempted, since February or March, to efile my State tax return and it is still being rejected. The only thing it says is wrong, is NOT wrong (e signature message). Is it too late to file now? Am I going to be penalized for this and lose my return? What should I do?  

Just print it and mail it.  


Please help me what this is for?  

\n\nYou can get a list of your fees.How do I review my fees in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202093  


I ran the numbers in Turbo Tax and found I owe money both to the state and the IRS. Do I send a check, or do I have to file for an extension? It's a month past the April 18th deadline already.  

Get Form 1040X federal to file an amended return. You can do this in TurboTax. Similar forms available from states.  


What are the recommended next steps?  

Your return can be accepted, it is the IRS that is asking you to verify your identity to finish processing your return.  See the following for more information:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter  


I can't change the schedule from 40 to 27.5 years allowed for residential rental property.  

foreign rental properties are usually depreciated like commercial properties in the USA -- 40 years and not 27.5  as for US based rental props  


They gave me 20 days to respond and I missed the deadline.  They are asking me to send them a copy of page 1 and 2 of my return, amounts and dates of all estimated tax payments I paid for this tax year and any supporting documents verifying income and withholdings.  

This is in regards to my federal return wasnt processed.  I would consult a tax attorney on this for these reasons:1. Because you missed the deadline there may be fines that youll have to pay.2.  You want to make sure you have the right forms and be sure theyre filled out correctly.3.  Anything miscellaneous that may come up that you may not be aware of.Or, you could go ahead and try to file with turbo tax and see if you return will go thru, but Im thinking probably not.  


i did my 2015 taxes with you, and i just need a copy of my taxes  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer. 


no  

When you file the extension, you do not need to worry about \n\nfidelity (or any other financial initituions) tax information.Those are required to file your taxes.  


At the time of filing, TurboTax said that my 1095-A info wasnt needed. The IRS says a completely different story!! Thanks a lot, TurboTax!! How do I include it now that its all said and done????  

Duplicate question. Please post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It may take some time before someone answers.  


Why do you send my answer to an old (inaccessible) email which I have specifically changed to a new one???????  

The notification settings for this forum (AnswerXchange) are separate from the email address on your account at turbotax.com, you probably need to change it here as well.  Look at your Notification settings under your profile icon (top right of the forum).  


I received an email saying that I need to pay my TurboTax fee. Initially the payment was going to come out of my return, but the return is taking too long. I can't find where to pay the fee on the TurboTax website when I log in.  

EDIT NOTE 5/25/16:The info below on how to pay from inside your account is not correct in this circumstance where one has been notified of a possible bank debit to pay TurboTax fees due to a delay at the IRS.  Please read the rest of this thread for the correct payment link, or you can phone TurboTax Customer Support to make your payment.  epo39b****************************************************************Hello maheekat101,Please follow this link for instructions on paying your TurboTax fees.[edited:  link removed]Hope this helps  


I immediately paid $103 online directly to the CA State tax board. Clearly, something happened between TurboTax and the Tax board. The bill from the Tax Board for $103 shows indicated not payment received  from TurboTax. Please investigate and refund or credit to my account the $103.00  

Heavens no...it is not possible to have the Federal refund transferred to the State.You really mis-read something somewhere..You can have yoru software fees paid by your federal refund, and the premium service gives you some extra coverage if the state decides to audit you , but Fed refund transferred to state?.....that is not possible.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924462-what-is-max_____________________Sorry, but you owe the state the entire amount...but you can discuss the issue with Customer Support tomorrow...but I dont think they can do much for you.  Certainly we cant because WE...are other users in this users advice forum. ..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041....  


Is my company allowed to make me manually withhold my DC taxes if they refuse to set it up in their system.  

\nHello Krotzjr, I have not of a situation such as that. Usually, this is not handled by the employee. I live in one state but work for a company in another state. The only state taxes that are taken from my wages is my resident state. Both employer and employee hold the responsibility for collecting and \nremitting withholding taxes to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). For \nthe most part, the employer withholds these taxes on behalf of their \nemployees, but in cases where an employer does not do this, or where an \nemployee is self-employed, it is the responsibility of the employee to \npay these withholding taxes.- https://www.irs.gov/uac/employer-and-employee-responsibilities-employment-tax-enforcementHope this helps.  


for tax year 2014 state of north carolina contacted me about sending to them a copy of my fed 1040 and 1099 copies. Dont they get a copy of fed when they get a copy of my state on e-file?  

They may be trying to verify that YOU actually filed those returns, and not someone else.  


Both of my 2015 Colorado Federal and State tax return on TurboTax. I feel I am entitled to both my refund.  

https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax/protest-rights 


I live in the state of Nevada, I had to pay last year to IRS. IRS has taken out money I owe  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user ID  


I have not paid my mortgage on an investment property in almost 4 years while going through a divorce.  Now that its over I am being granted a modification on the mortgage and will start making payments again but the escrow will be rolled into the loan and I will pay it over time.  Knowing that now, can I claim the 2015 property taxes on my 2015 tax return? and if not can I ever claim those taxes that I will be repaying? and if so, how do I calculate that?  

If the amount went into escrow, it is still under the control of your mortgage holder and unpaid to the government entity involved.  The taxes can be claimed in the year they are actually paid to the government, then they will appear on your 1098.  


Our total social security benefit was $ 31,962. Turbo rounded up to $32,000 and I had to pay taxes on my social security benefits. How can that be fixed?  

Its not just the amount of your SS that matters (and triggers the $32,000), but also your other income. See this:https://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html  


The tax preparation, filing fees and fees for an Identity protection service were deducted from my refund.  I want to provide these numbers to my mortgage broker so that I can have my loan refinanced. Where can I find these information? I used TurboTax online.  

Here is how to review your fees to see what the charges are for:1.        Log in to your return2.        Select My Account at the top, then Tools3.        Select My Fees4.        A window will pop up that shows the feesAdd state sales tax.  


they where aprove a long time ago.  

Approved, or just accepted?. In other words, did the IRS issue the refund yet?https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


Specifically, if business purchases are planned, and an LLC wasn't officially formed yet, should the LLC paperwork be completed and the purchases made after the date the LLC is formed?  Does the date of purchase need to be after the date the LLC is formed in order to deduct it as a business expense?  

Expenses before the business is open and ready for business are startup expenses, and are deducted or amortized once the business opens.  It does not matter when the LLC is actually formed. 


I was a subcontractor to a company and they had me report hours as if I was an employee.  I should have submitted invoices, they are being audited and now wants me to got back and create invoices.  Is that legal and/or acceptable by IRS.  

Im not sure why your written report of hours wouldnt be enough for the IRS.  Personally, I wouldnt retroactively create invoices, as something doesnt smell right here.  But lets see what the SuperUsers think.  


I click the link to download my file in *.tax format but no file downloads.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3104487-download-tax-file  


If I file "married filing jointly" I can get a decent Earned Income Credit. I am poor. But the form would not go through because the IRS says his SS number doesn't match his name. He won't tell me the correct number. If I file Head of Household, am I lying? Also, as a "single parent" filing Head of Household, why would my EIC be so low? I had tried a free program on the IRS website and it has me paying $521 more to the IRS if I file Head of Househole but Turbo Tax shows me getting $1300 back in EIC if I file married filing jointly. I need to send an amended return if I can because I cannot pay $521!!  

You can still file Married Joint if your husband agrees.  But apparently he doesnt, since he wont give you his SSN.You are eligible to file HOH if you lived apart from him the entire second half of 2015, and meet other requirements.. However, as you discovered, EIC is lower for HOH than MFJ, all other things being equal.  Thats how Congress wrote the tax law (presumably because there is one fewer person in the household).Moreover, you are also subject to a lower standard deduction for HOH than for MFJ, and get one less personal exemption.https://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/globalmedia/earned_income_credit_table_1040i.pdf  


Should I expect to receive a letter from the IRS? If I want a letter, how would I get one?  

The email from TT means that the IRS did accept it. You will not get anything else in that regard.  


I recently won a civil court settlement, the money will be reported on a 1099-MISC.The other party is not my employerI have two questions:1- The other party wants me to fill out a W9 form. Why is a W9 needed?2- The other party says I have to pay their share of taxes. Is it required by law that I pay their share of taxes?  

1.  A W-9 is required so that they can get your SSN to put on the 1099-MISC..2.  Ask your attorney, as this may be part of the settlement, or required by the court order.  


Me and my wife got married in 2014 but she didnt have a social security number until 2016 and i filed head of household should i ammend my taxes to add her social and change to married  

Im not sure you could legally file the way you did, but lets see what the SuperUsers say.  In the meantime, please see this:http://www.thetaxadviser.com/newsletters/2016/jan/congress-makes-changes-to-popular-tax-credits.html  


I have looked under both possible emails and when I look for my 2015 return it tries to get me to start it! I have already filed!!!  

Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I put 5500 in tax filing for my wife IRA account. But actual funded into IRA account was 2500.  

If it was for a ROTH IRA then you probably don't need to amend.  Check your return 1040 line 32 or 1040A line 17.  If you need to change it you have to amend.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787 


Ugg! I have already filed and just want to download my tax paperwork while I already filed with Turbo tax and just want to save it!!  I don't need to repay for it.  

Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.  


its web designing  

\nThe most common 1099 form is the 1099-MISC. The IRS provides five \nscenarios where a business must provide someone with a 1099. If an LLC \nfits one of these scenarios, then it must provide the contractor or \nfreelancer with a 1099 and submit a Form 1096 on its tax return to \nsummarize any 1099 expenses. A 1099 is required for payments of $600 or \nmore made to any contract employees, attorneys or accountants; for any \npayments larger than $10 for royalties, tax exempt interest or \nsubstitute dividends; for rent payments higher than $600, unless paid to\n a real estate agent; for any prize payments over $600; and for payments\n to members of fishing boat crews\n\n  


I paid for 2015 turbo tax but it won't let me access my 2015 return, how can I get access to my return?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Are the premiums taxable income to the 2 employees?  

Yes.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p15b/ar02.html#en_US_2016_publink1000193677  


My federal income form wages,etc shows $148374.72 but my State Form (Ma) wages show $14,374. I am trying to complete my state form that I did not submit in 2014. How can I fix this error?  

Go back to the wages and income section on the federal form and edit the W2 information for the state taxes and withholding.  You will have to redo the state return in order to get it to transfer over properly.  


Same question  -  read above  

No, TT doesnt support the form 990.  


When must one use a 1041 and K-1 forms?  

Here are the filing requirements for the form 1041 for a trust ...see page 4The fiduciary (or one of the joint\nfiduciaries) must file Form 1041 for a\ndomestic trust taxable under section\n641 that has: 1. Any taxable income for the tax\nyear, 2. Gross income of $600 or more\n(regardless of taxable income), or 3. A beneficiary who is a\nnonresident alien.\n\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1041.pdf  


I was the power of attorney, so filed the taxes. I lost the pdfs to hardware problem, now need access to the prior taxes to complete the closing of the estate. I am aware the estate needs to file; I just need the tax records prior to death.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Is this legitimate IRS request or a scam.?What do I do next ?They want payment by 6-22-16  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer.  


I live and file in VA.  My self-employment brings in more income than my full-time job.  Can I just ask for more withholding from my full-time employer?  

Yes you can ask your full time employer to withhold more. You do it by completing a new W-4 and choosing fewer allowances or requesting a specific additional dollar amount to be withheld.  


what do I do?  

You will have to print and mail your tax return.  It cannot be e-filed since the IRS has already received and accepted a tax return with the dependents Social Security number.  If you are due a tax refund from your return, the IRS will send you the refund.Within a year the IRS will contact both taxpayers to investigate who should have claimed the dependents personal exemption.  Reply to the notice you receive from the IRS.  The loser of the investigation has to return any tax refund based on the personal exemption and must pay penalties and interest.  


help  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I submit two times for the return. I needs before return forms  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I have done the correct this 9,000 times= 0 for AGI Have never filed taxes before first time  

When your return is continually rejected for e-file issues, often the simplest solution is to print it and mail it in.  (And dont forget to sign it!)  


How can I just file federal?  

You can file just the Federal return for now, if you wish.  To do so, you will either\n need to delete the state return (you can add it back later), or you can\n choose to skip the state return for now.  The skip option still requires payment for the state return.If\n youve already registered the State return in Free Edition, you may not\n be able to delete it.  But you should still be able to skip it..See these two FAQs:How to delete a state return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301384How to skip the state return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3374295 


I did not use Turbo Tax for my 2015 return and lost my copy on my old PC due to a virus.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


If I sell my home in under 2 years of living in it and reinvest that money into another home within a year will I be subject to paying capital gains tax since I am reinvesting that money?  

The rule that you could defer tax on the gain from a home if you invest the money in a new home was eliminated from the tax law in 1997. Since then it makes no difference what you do with the money when you sell your home.If you simply decided you want to move, and you lived in your home for less than two years, the gain on the sale is going to be taxable. There are some exceptions for unusual circumstances, which may allow you to exclude part, but not all, of the gain from taxation. You can read about the exceptions at the link below. But if you dont meet any of the exceptions, the entire gain will be taxable.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p523/ar02.html#en_US_2015_publink10009003If you dont meet any of the exceptions, note that you do not pay tax on the entire proceeds of the sale. Only the gain, or profit, is taxable. The gain is the difference between what you paid for the home and what you sell it for, minus selling expenses such as a brokers commission. If you owned it for less than two years, the gain might not be very large.  


I was an Assistant Teacher in Austria from October 2014-May 2015. I don't know how to enter that information into the tax forms.  

You would enter your foreign earned income under less common income - foreign earned income and the taxes paid in Austria under credits/deductions - Estimates and other tax paid - foreign paid taxes  


how do i change my routing number to the correct one?  

If you have not filed your return yet, you can go back through the File interview and change the routing number on the screen where is asks how do you want your refund.If you already filed your return, you cannot change it.  If your refund cannot be deposited into your account because of the wrong information, then you will automatically be issued a check. 


The mother claims her as dependent on taxes usually, but should she get to claim all of the tuition even if she didnt pay for it all?  

Whoever claims the student as a dependent is the one who can claim qualified education expenses paid out of pocket or with loans for deduction or credit regardless of who actually paid the expenses. Maybe you can convince her to give you a share of the credit she gets.  


It showed it was not completed, it asking me to pay again.Why is this.I should not have to pay twice.Is this something you are able to assist with?  

For electronically filed returns, you generally file (transmit) federal and state at the same time.  If you dont transmit the state return at the same time as the federal return, your state return will show as pending and you have to wait to transmit it until the federal return is accepted.  (This is an anti-fraud measure since last year, many fraudulent state-only returns were filed as the states had weaker fraud protection than federal.)  After the federal return is accepted, you have to log back in and transmit the state return, and some people miss this step.On the issue of fees, if you dont qualify for free filing, Turbotax federal is $29-99 depending on the version, plus optional services.  Each state module is an additional $35.  You may have only paid for the federal services before, in which case you do have to pay for the state service before you can transmit it.  If you already paid for both federal and state services, it should not be asking again.To clear up any confusion, or fix a payment error if one exists, you will need to call customer support. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


How do I make an amended report? Forms??  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169610-ammend-2014-return  


your software isn't compatible with window 10  

Im sorry youre experiencing issues with the software on a Windows 10 system, I know that can be frustrating.  Our software does work on Windows 10.  What error are you receiving and at what point do you get the error?  


address to send the money i owe???  

https://www.irs.gov/payments  


I got a notification that I didn't finish filing my taxes. My account says all my filings have been accepted and my payment schedule is set up. Can somebody help verify?  

First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You might have other accounts.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


I've entered all of my 1098T information and I get a message to fix errors but I don't know how there could be an error  

Make sure when you enter your 1098-T into TurboTax that you enter it exactly as it is on the form. If a box is blank on the form leave it blank in TurboTax. Sometimes when you click around it can make the system think that something is missing in a certain area.If you continue to get this error, delete the 1098-T and re-enter it. To delete a form in TurboTax Online:1. Go to My Account at the top of the screen2. Select Tools3. Select Delete a Form4. Navigate to your 1098-t and select Delete to the right  


Took first withdrawal from Roth 2015. Age is appropriate for w/d.  

No.   If you took a distribution and are entering a 1099-R, then you own prior year contributions can always be withdrawn without penalty.    The question is asking for all regular contributions (money you contributed - not conversions) made before 2015 that you have not previously withdrawn regardless of how long ago it was contributed.NOTE: If you are over age 59 1/2 there is no early distribution penalty anyway so the answer makes no difference.   If you are over 59 1/2 entering zero is fine.  The 1099-R should have a code Q or T in box 7.  


I am an E-5 in the Navy and I dont make a lot of money to begin with. I am now being assessed a $1,870 penalty from the IRS due to under reporting my income on my 2014 tax return. I used the Turbo Tax Import W-2 feature (which was newly launched) and after uploading W-2 and working through my entire tax return and submitting, my refund came swiftly. I was unable to file with my wifes SSN because she held an ITIN for the prior year, but the W-2 that was imported was actually the 2013 and not the 2014. The calculations for my non-resident alien spouse were pulled from my 2013 W-2 so the entirety of the math calculations was off.I am attempting to see what steps need to be taken, moving forward. I understand fully if I am liable in this situation, as I should have balanced the numerical information against the paper W-2, but at that time I was unable to access MyPay to pull my W-2 and I assumed that the import feature would have worked as advertised.  

TT imports the forms that its import partners post as available to import.  It sounds like you did this very early in the filing  season when the new W-2 forms had not yet been posted.If the IRS is correct, just go ahead and pay them what you owe.  


I would like copy of my tax return.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


and did not file but I paid turbo tax  

Do you want a refund?  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.  


KS information line where I can speak to a live representative.  

http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/article20363778.html  


I am a freelance videographer in Illinois.  I filmed for an Indiana video production company for a day (in Indiana), and received a 1099-MISC.When I go state taxes on TurboTax, it asks:Name the business and FEINThe company that issued the 1099-MISC, correct?County of EmploymentDo I put the companys county location or that Im from Illinois ?Federal income\n\nBusiness Entity C, I assumeNet Federal Business Income or (Loss) ,Bonus Depreciation/Other Add-backs, U.S. Government Bond Interest What are all of those?  My totals from federal, or just what I earned in Indiana as reported on the 1099-MISC?Apportionment: Gross Receipts (Sales), Total Within Indiana, Total Within and Outside of IndianaWhat are all of these?Im sorry, this is my first time trying to tackle these on my own, and so many answers online dont seem applicable to my situation.\n  

\n\nName the business and FEINThe company that issued the 1099-MISC, correct?   YESCounty of EmploymentDo I put the companys county location or that Im from Illinois ?  COUNTY WHERE YOU WORKEDFederal income\n\nBusiness Entity C, I assume   SHOULD BE ON THE FEDERAL SCH CNet Federal Business Income or (Loss) ,Bonus Depreciation/Other Add-backs, U.S. Government Bond Interest What are all of those?  My totals from federal, or just what I earned in Indiana as reported on the 1099-MISC?\n\n\nNET FED INCOME IS THE ENTIRE $1000Apportionment: Gross Receipts (Sales), Total Within Indiana, Total Within and Outside of IndianaWhat are all of these?\n\nUSE 100% OF THE $1000 EARNED  WITHIN INDIANA\n\n\n  


How do I provide my information onto your site?  

You cannot use TT online to do 2014 now. See this to purchase:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/You must print and file by mail. 


I don't feel as if I should have to pay for a state tax return that was in error because of your software. I think you need to refund , at the very least, the filing fee.  

See here. http://investors.intuit.com/press-releases/press-release-details/2016/Intuit-Assisting-Vermont-Taxpa...Per the accuracy guarantee, Turbotax will cover any late fees and penalties due to the error.  Whether that means you should also be entitled to a refund just because they made a mistake (presumably, your federal return is correct), you can apply to the Satisfaction Guarantee and see what they say,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301962  


My computer crashed and I lost 2014. IRS wants more money so I need my return. Can you provide it for me?  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


If my spouse was deceased prior to taking is 2016 RMD. How do I enter this information in turbotax online?I have withdrawn his 2016 RMD, How do I file correctly in our 2016 final joint return , A portion of the rmd was withdrawn after his IRA was rolled over into mine  . Can it be efiled???  

Generally, you dont have to do anything special to report this.  Simply \nindicate to TurboTax that your spouse received all of the RMD for 2016 even though you \nwere the one who received the distribution.  TurboTax only needs to know\n that your spouses RMD was satisfied so that TurboTax does not prepare Form \n5329 Part IX for your deceased spouse to report an excess accumulation.If your deceased spouses IRA transferred to you your IRA trustee to trustee (usually the case), which is nonreportable (and not a distribution and rollover), it appears that you handled everything correctly with regard to satisfying your deceased spouses RMD with a distribution of your spouses RMD amount from your own account.  However, if you instead received a distribution from your spouses IRA, paid to you, which you subsequently rolled over to your own IRA, youve actually made an excess contribution to your IRA in the amount of the RMD; the portion of the distribution made to you from your deceased spouses IRA that was RMD was not eligible to be rolled over.  Properly resolving this would mean requesting a return of excess contribution, not a regular distribution. 


did not file for 2015  

The deadline to file an extension for 2015 was April 18, 2016. You can not file for a 2015 extension after that date.  


I am not sure why these documents are not available for me for past years as I have used Turbo tax for multiple years.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on accessing returns from the TurboTax servers - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355524-when-does-access-to-my-prior-year-turbotax-online-returns-...And also this Support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355526-what-if-i-need-a-prior-year-turbotax-online-return-and-i-m...  


My wife filed married separate and I filed an ext. We then decided to file jointly since it maximized the return. I completed the 1040x and joint return but now she says she wont sign it even though I have signed it. What happens if I just go ahead and file my tax married separate but then she signs the amended return as married jointly and sends that as well?  

If you file as married filing separately, and then your wife sends in the fully signed amended return as married filing jointly, the joint amended return will cancel both of the separate returns, yours and your wifes. 


Due to I bought Turbo Tax from Amazon not from online, but system still kept the old one.  

It sounds as though you purchased the Download version from Amazon, and didnt use our Online version, since when signing in, it asks you to complete your 2015 return and you state you already completed it. If you used the desktop version and you are looking for a copy of your return, please see this help article. If that doesnt help, please contact our support team to assist you by phone.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301497https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302441https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Hi.  I have a family HDHP through my work, which gives me a max 2016 contribution limit of $6,750.  I wanted to contribute the max amount early on in 2016 and on my final contribution to do this, I accidentally contributed $250 too much.  :-(  My HSA custodian says that making an excess distribution would be subject to a $25 fee.  After reading some posts on this subject here, my foggy understanding is that I can leave this excess $250 in my HSA account, pay a 6% penalty to the government at the time of filing my 2016 taxes (because that would be cheaper than the $25 bank fee), and then report the $250 on my 2017 taxes as a 2017 HSA contribution amount.  Is that correct?If that is correct, would anyone please be able to give me a little guidance on what doing this would look like via Turbo Tax online when I file my 2016 taxes?  Id just like to get a clearer understanding right now (rather than later) so that I can make sure Im making the right decision right now.  (Either have the bank do an excess distribution right now and pay their fee, or leave the excess contribution and roll it over to next year and pay the government penalty.)Thanks!  

You are basically correct except that the excess $250 is also added back to your 2016 taxable income.  So if you are in the 25% bracket, you will pay $62 in income tax plus the $15 penalty.  If you withdraw the excess (you also have to withdraw any earnings earned by the excess), you will still pay the $62 of income tax, but you would have the remaining $190 as spending money rather than leaving it in the account.Then for 2017, if you contribute less than the maximum (and continue to remain eligible to contribute at all--people change plans) then this excess 2016 contribution will be converted to a 2017 contribution and you wont owe a repeat of the 6% tax.Turbotax will generate the form 8889 and the excess form 5329 based on your answers to the questions and your 1099-SA and form 5498-SA from the plan administrator.  


I have recently sold a rental property, however I still have depreciating goods associated with it.  I replaced the carpet, A/C, & hot water heater 3 years ago, and still have ~$4800 in depreciation.  Can I write this off my taxes this year?  

No, and you wouldnt want do because you would only have to turn around and recapture the depreciation on your tax return.Its already accounted for in the sale figures. You would report the amount  the unit sold for. Then you would subtract your cost   for the house + cost  for the carpet, HW heater and AC (improvements made). Then you would subtract the depreciation taken on all items, for your net gain or loss.  So, unclaimed depreciation reduces your gain and reduces the amount subject to taxation at the depreciation recapture rate  


I don't know how to get this info onto my tax form.  

To enter payments made with an extension request -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of payment made with the extension and click on the start or update button  


Running Windows 7  

Accessing tax returns in a public place is risky.  Do you have a friend or family member that has a computer and printer?  


Just trying to find out if a 401k hardship withdrawal from the Railroad should be taxable as income in WV? They held out Federal tax but not State, and it was used for medical expenses.  

The withdrawal is always going to be taxable income everywhere, since it was not taxed when it was contributed (for a traditional IRA, that is).  You may be exempt from the additional 10% penalty, but only to the extent that your medical expenses are more than 10% of your adjusted gross income. 


Helloreceived yesterday an e-mail saying Youre using a different TurboTax account this year but on the 19th you sent me an e-mail Your 2015 tax return was started, using your info from last year. how many accounts do I have? is there a problem? I am in France so if you give me your number I can call youthank you, [PII Removed]  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4838253  


I want to set up an online installment payment plan with the state of Missouri, but need the PIN from the bill I received.  I have not received a bill for the amount.  I was wondering when I could expect to receive the bill from the state for the amount owed.  

Bills usually show up in  4 - 6 weeks from filing so ... did you actually file the state return?   Make\nsure you actually filed the state return .... \n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure\nTurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\n \n\nThen\nif you didnt transmit the return do so now by completing the FILE tab until you hit\nthe submit button for the state.\n\n \n\nThen\nif you did .... Go to the state web site to follow your progress....\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


i paid for the premium version and havent gotten refund  

TT has no control over how fast the IRS processes your refund, regardless of which version you use.  


What will happen to my information and how will the person asking me for the W9 use it? Who finds out that I received payment(IRS, people who claim me as dependents, etc)? Will i get any letters from the employer or IRS? Will i have to fill out anything for the IRS?  

Businesses that pay people for services (work) are required to issue a form 1099-Misc if they pay that person more than $600 in a calendar year. Many will issue the 1099-misc, even when they pay less than $600 and are allowed (but not required) to do so. The 1099-Misc will  go to you, with a copy to the IRS. The W-9 does not go to the IRS.YOU are required to report all your income, regardless of the issuance of IRS forms. Although it may be news to\nyou that you have a business (and most of the other people who get their\nfirst 1099-MISC); The IRS considers anything in box 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment\nincome. Enter the 1099-Misc income, at Other Common income / income from a\n1099-MISC . TurboTax (TT) will complete Schedule C or C-EZ for you and allow\nyou to deduct any expenses associated with this income. Youll also have to pay\nself employment tax (social security & Medicare) on any profits greater\nthan $400. These types of payments are frequently done this way. Your\nemployer is not the only one. You are expected to keeps records on your income and expenses.  


I filed 2014 refund via mail. How do I check the processing status? I \ncannot get my 2015 return until I got my 2014 refund. Thanks.  

Paper filed returns take several weeks to process. Call 800-829-1040 to check on the status of your 2014 return.  


I still haven't received my ammended  check after nearly a month of being complete, just need a number to call.  

800-829-1040 


After spending more than an hour on the phone with my husband, trying to even make me an authorized user, we were not able to cancel QB.  

You can cancel your QuickBooks subscription at any time:\nLog into your QuickBooks account at http://quickbooks.intuit.com/\n\nClick the Gear icon.\nSelect Your Account.\nOn the Billing Info page, click Edit Billing Info.\nClick Cancel Subscription.\nAnswer all of the exit survey questions and click Continue.\n 


I just received a corrected 1098 and my box 4 increased by slightly over 100 dollars. Do I need to amend?  

Box 4. It is a refund (or credit) for overpayment(s)\nof interest you made in a prior year or years.If you itemized deductions in the\nyear(s) you paid the interest, you may have to include part or all of the box 4\namount on the Other income line of your 2015 Form 1040. No adjustment to\nyour prior year(s) tax return(s) is necessary. For more information, see Pub. 936\nand Itemized Deduction Recoveries in Pub. 525.  


Turbo tax said I'd get back $1363  

Federal or State refund?  The tax agency may have reduced the refund prior to the interception, or the rest may have been intercepted by someone else. 


I amended my return and I haven't heard any response?  

You mailed it, right?  It takes about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


the gross income when i filed my taxes is incorrect.  How can i amend it?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3170157-amend-my-state-taxes  


Please help me get a copy of my daughters taxes.  I need to send them to California to prove she paid taxes in CA  

Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3362771-i-need-a-copy-of-my-taxes-that-i-already-filed-for-2015-pi...If you used TT Online, be aware that it is only good for one return per account. If you (say) did hers and then yours in the same account, you overwrote her returns.  Her return will not prove that she actually PAID California taxes, so be sure to send a copy of her W-2 or 1099 forms listing CA withholding, plus any bank or credit cards records of payments to CA. 


How to amend 2014 taxes  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169610-ammend-2014-return  


I am trying to predict capital gains tax on the sale of a home that was gifted to me by my father.  I live in California and have possessed it for about 3 months.  He inherited it from his mother when she passed.  At her passing, the value was $300,000.  I will probably sell it for $500,000.  I looked at IRS PUB 523 and this section in particular:Home\nReceived as Gift To determine your basis if\nyou received your home as a gift, you will need to know most of the following:    The adjusted basis of the person who gave it to you\n(the donor), and    The homes fair market value at the time of the gift,\nas it was appraised for federal gift tax purposes (or for state gift tax\npurposes if the federal gift tax does not apply).  In some cases, you will\nalso need to know how much federal gift tax was paid when you received the\nhome.If the donors adjusted\nbasis was more than the homes value, use the donors adjusted basis as your\nbasis. However, if you find this results in a loss in line 7c, under How to Figure Your Gain or Loss Worksheet , earlier, you are treated as having neither\na gain nor a loss.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf the donors adjusted\nbasis was less than or equal to the homes value, your basis will depend on\nwhen you received the home.IF I understand that correctly, my dads adjusted basis was less than the homes current value, so my current basis will be dependent on when I received the home, therefore minimal or no capital gains tax will have to be paid.  Is that correct for federal?  How about for California?  

No, just the opposite. If you sell the house for $500,000, after living in it AND owning it less than two years, you will have a capital gain based on your cost basis of $300,000. There may be an exception, if you father lived in it and died recently. That is, he retained a life estate in the home after giving it to you.  


I just received my refund check after filing an Injured Spouse Form 8379. However, the refund amount I received is over $1,500 less than what I should have received. Does anyone know how they calculate the injured spouses refund amount?  A little background info.. My wife has some student loans that are in default from before we were married. She is a stay at home mom with our three children and she did not make any income last year. Everyone in my household is my (children) dependant, so I would think I should get the entire original refund amount. I dont get why my refund is 30% less after filing the injured spouse form when my spouse didnt have any income last year. Has anyone had any luck disputing their refund amount? If so, what number did you call? Currently, the IRS phone system is useless!  

The calculation is complex and in part depends on whether you are in a community property state in which all income is split between spouses, no matter who actually produced it.Details are here:https://www.irs.gov/irm/part25/irm_25-018-005.html  


According to  ..https://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html    I, and many others,  only need to pay 85% tax NOT 100%  TURBO DEMANDS. I PAID FOR THIS, YES, start for free, then its $39, at end it somehow went up to $60. NICE?  

The TT Income Summary only lists the gross (not taxable) numbers, and is just FYI.  Both the gross and taxable figures will be shown on your tax return.Only Federal is free if using TT Free.  State is extra, and there is a $34.99 charge to have fees deducted from your Federal refund. You can avoid that by paying with a debit or credit card.  


got an e-mail saying i owe more money for file my return  

If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees  


Entered all my information, then filed an extension through TurboTax.  Need to access the information  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


the amounts are 382.84, 306.00, 306.00, 306.00, 3381.44, 383.52, 383.52, 383.52, and 383.52. We need these amounts included in Catherine's 2015 return  

You refer to them as receipts, but when did you actually pay them?  You can only claim them the year you paid, not for 2015.You can no longer amend for a refund for tax years prior to 2012.  The amounts you listed for 2012-2015 are relatively small, and may not justify the cost to amend.  


On my pay stub it is combined together as salary.  

As SweetieJean indicated, Payroll/HR/Accounting will likely be be happy to explain how components of your taxable income are derived, but there's no Requirement for a complete explanation to be on the W-2 itself. Most employers provide an end-of-year explanation in addition to the W-2 ... 


My name is [Removed]  

Are you doing a Canada return?  This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca 


When I file next year will I be able to claim her as anything to get more back? I know she is a federal exemption on my LES for active duty. I'm trying to support myself and her and she has no job and no income.  

If you got married in 2016 then nothing changes on your 2015 return.  For 2016 next year you can file a JOINT return even if only 1 person has income.  You don't claim her as a dependent just as a spouse on the Joint return.  You will get an exemption for each of you.  An exemption is the same as claiming a dependent. 


I am simply trying to get access to my 2008 and 2009 returns, which I paid for and filed through TurboTax.  Now when trying to access them I am told I have to pay for this year's return to do so.  I have already filed this year's taxes externally so it seems really silly for me to be required to effectively do my taxes again, just so I can pay 29.99 to get access to documents that I should have free access to.  As it stands right now there is no way for me to get to this information without completing a 2015 return.  

Please contact TT Support for assistance.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.  Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.  


I have a Nova Scotia equity tax credit for more than my 2015 Nova Scotia tax amount. I would like to carry back the unused portions for my 3 previous years provincial tax. When I enter this my turbo tax return amount does not change. Will I in fact receive a refund for the amounts claimed against previous years?  

Only if it is an eligible institution.  Only a very few foreign institutions are.An eligible educational institution is any college, university, vocational school, or other postsecondary educational institution eligible to participate in a student aid program administered by the U.S. Department of Education. It includes virtually all accredited public, nonprofit, and proprietary (privately owned profit-making) postsecondary institutions. The educational institution should be able to tell you if it is an eligible educational institution.  


I need to amend the medical expense deduction. I first amended the returns to add long term care insurance premiums paid. I have received the refund for this change. I now need to amend health insurance showing additional premiums paid.  

Unless you filed an extension for your 2012 tax return, you cant amend it at this point and receive an additional refund.  It is fine to amend your 2013 and 2014 tax returns. 


please help because turbotax took payment for filing out of my federal return but Georgia says it did not get it  

Please do not post your phone number on this public forum.Contact TT Support and ask them to give you the TT state efiling confirmation/tracking number (I dont know exactly what they call it), and then call GA with that info.  You may have to just file by mail now.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.  


How can I print a return thats not 171 pages. I just need the basics for a loan.  

If you are talking about a 2014 return or earlier, you likely wont have a choice on what size PDF to download.However, for a 2015 return, there are some choices that can be made.  Here are several ways to view/print the 2015 return.   So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, which should be be a pretty basic PDF, although for some people it may not have everything they need.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Perhaps thats what you already have.  Youd have to pick out the particular forms and schedules to print that comprise your as filed return.You can also try this alternate method, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  See if the choice for the return as filed has a more manageable PDF for you.   I usually save both in my archives.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


I have been filing with Turbo Tax for 20 years.  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 


I can't figure out how to print my 2014 return.  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


I'm looking to submit an offer on a house and they have requested a copy of my federal tax returns for 2014 and 2015.  How do I access those documents?  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I no longer have the option to upgrade to PLUS  

First, be sure you are upgrading and paying in the same account as the locked returns--i.e., that you can at least see evidence of them in the Tax Timelines of the same account.If you already upgraded to PLUS, it will be grayed out.  You dont need to upgrade any further; you just need to get credit for paying the upgrade.Is the charge showing up at all on your cards account?   You said your card couldnt be authenticated, so it might be a pre-authorization that later drops off.  So it may not be showing up on TurboTaxs end as being paid.In any case nothing account-specific concerning fees can be handled in a user community forum like this.  To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Please give a step by step explanation.  

This is mainly a user community forum, so we wont know anything specific to your account here, but we can tell you how to look.  Then if you have any questions about it, we can try to answer them.  Heres how to get a list of your fees:Have you already filed?  If so, you will need to open the filed return back up to do the following.  If you havent filed yet, you can just go to the Tax Timeline and continue your return and follow the relevant steps below.\nLog in and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf you already filed, there will be no take me to my return button.\nSo scroll to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT.\nThen choose TOOLS, then MY FEES.\nWhat is displayed there for your charges?\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


I'm trying to upgrade to "PLUS" but it never offered me the option to pay, and now the option to purchase it is greyed out, and I still don't have access to my past returns.  

Before paying, make sure you are in the same online account as the locked returns--that you at least see evidence of them in the prior-year tax timelines of the same account.Once you upgrade to TurboTax PLUS, you have to go to the Print Center to pay.   If  PLUS is grayed out, it means you have already upgraded.  Now you just need to pay.  Heres how:\nOpen your return and once past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.\n\n  


I need to copy my 2014 taxes.  I do not see them under my account.  how would I print them.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I have the 1095-A the stated to update my page 2 and send it in with the two forms.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


My father transferred his home to other family members, retaining a life  The home was sold before his death.  Is the remainder owner's part considered long or short term gain?  

Long term. The usual rule, for a gift,\nis that the recipients basis and holding period is the givers basis and holding period. The life estate provision does not change that.There is an exception, for the cost basis for the gift of his home, where a life estate is involved. (seehttp://www.njelderlawestateplanning.com/2010/02/articles/estate-and-inheritance-tax/life-estates-estate-tax-and-inheritance-tax-consequences/ which\nstates in part If you give away an asset and keep a life estate in that\nasset..... the cost basis of the house is stepped-up to the value\nof the house on date of death [IRC 2036]). I dont believe that would be applicable in your case, since it was sold before death. You may want to seek professional tax accounting advice. \n\nMore info: http://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/20.2036-1 


HiI rented my apartment that I live in for 3 days and stayed in it for 362 days. I have a 1099K from AirBnB. I go through the rental income question but TurboTax says that I shouldn't include the income. Is that ok? Should I try to somehow mention that I rented out my property for three days so I don't get an audit?  

https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/10-Tax-Tips-for-Airbnb--HomeAwa...this link you should read.  


I short, i'm trying to upgrade to plus in order to acess and download my 2014 tax documents. And i was told to upgrade to plus, but i can't upgrade.I've tried all relative questions i can find, but none seem to answer my problem. Thanks in advance,Ismail  

Since you have already filed, youll have to open your return back up to get to the Upgrade link first, and then to the Print Center to pay after upgrading.  On the image you posted, your return is not open.  Thats why you dont see the necessary links.NOTE:  Before upgrading and paying, be sure you are in the same \naccount as the locked 2014 returns; i.e., that you at least see evidence\n of the locked 2014 returns in the 2014 Tax Timeline of the same \naccount.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the prior returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is still open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed.  


I currently have two 401(k) plans with two previous employers.  In each of these two plans, I also have some Roth 401(k) contributions, totaling < 10k.  I would like to roll over these accounts into a Roth IRA.  My reasoning is that I can then withdraw the money for a home purchase.  If I understand correctly, money withdrawn from a Roth IRA can be used tax-free, penalty-free toward a home purchase if the initial contribution dates over 5 years, and the amount is <10k, and it is used for a home in <120 days.  My question is, there is no info on whether these rules still apply to Roth 401(k) money rolled into a Roth IRA?  Would the rollover create a taxable event?  Also, is there a rule on how long the Roth IRA has to exist before withdrawls can be made?  Or a maximum rollover amount?  Lastly, my first Roth 401(k) contribution was indeed over 5 years ago, but these contributions were made on a bi-weekly basis so the last contribution was not.  Does that matter?  

The 5-year period for making a Roth IRA distribution for a first home purchase a qualified distribution begins January 1 of the year for which you first made a Roth IRA contribution.  If you have no money in Roth IRAs prior to the rollover from the Roth 401(k), the 5-year period will begin January 1 of the year in which the rollover from the Roth 401(k) occurs.  The 5-year period from the Roth 401(k) does not carry over to the Roth IRA.  In other words, it does not matter when you made the contributions to the Roth 401(k).The rollover from the Roth 401(k) to the Roth IRA is not a taxable event.  When rolled from the Roth 401(k) to the Roth IRA, your original contributions to the Roth 401(k) become contribution basis in your Roth IRAs.  Employee contributions will be shown in box 5 you your Form 1099-R reporting the rollover.  If done as a direct rollover, TurboTax automatically records as Roth IRA contribution basis the amount from box 5.You can take distributions from a Roth IRA whenever you like.  Unlike a Roth 401(k) which requires distributions to come proportionately from contributions and earnings, distributions from a Roth IRA come first from contribution basis.  This means that you can take a distributions from your Roth IRAs up to the amount of your original contributions tax and penalty free.  Only when you dip into earnings will you need to apply the first-home purchase exception.  If you meet the Roth IRA 5-year rule, the first home purchase within 120 days after the distribution will make the earnings distributed tax and penalty free.  If you do not meet the 5-year rule, the earnings distributed will be penalty free but will be taxable.Be sure to perform any rollover from the Roth 401(k) as a direct rollover, otherwise 20% is required to be withheld from the taxable portion of the distribution for taxes.  


Consistently chose options consistent with free federal and $29.99 state tax filing. Consistently declined premium benefits. Paid with CC rather than deduct from federal return, but was charged the additional $34.99 anyway.  

You will need to phone TurboTax Support for any account-specific fee issues.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


How do I contact turbo tax? How do I contact my audit protection?  

If you mention through this thread what California changed, someone may comment here on the forum about your situation.You mentioned audit protection.  Did you purchase Max Assist & Defend (Audit Defense)?  If you did purchase that product, heres how to contact the company that handles that.  Do not email any sensitive documents, since email is not secure.  Id phone them first and let them advise you on how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924451-i-bought-max-or-audit-defense-and-now-i-m-being-auditedOr if you are not referring to that product, are you asking about the free audit support provided by TurboTax to its customers?  If so, they can be phoned using the following website:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


When I did my initial tax return the accountant used the wrong income and the IRS said I owed them money, I paid the amount but then realized they were using the wrong W-2. I mailed in the corrected paperwork but only received the $$ back that I had mailed in as a penalty. I'm wondering if I had filed the forms correctly if I shouldn't have been given a refund?  

Unless you had submitted timely Form 4868 for 2012, the deadline for amending 2012 for a refund expired on April 18th.  


Trying to get it for my accountant, I'd really appreciate anyone's help!  

By your username above it indicates online Deluxe.  Is that correct?See if you can use this method to download the *.tax2015 data file from your account.\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline. ( If necessary, first click on Taxes at the top to to get the Tax Timeline.)\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nAmong the choices you should be able to see a link to download the *.tax file.\nAlso see the note I left below.\n 


Ive got 2 T4As for 2 separate one-day jobs, both only have box 48 filled out. TurboTax is not letting me submit my return until I finish forms to be self-employed, but Im not self employed.  

In the federal Wages and Income section of the interview, check and if necessary correct your W-2 entries.  


I went to the web site idverify. It said it would  not accept it. What do I do?  

See this IRS website for information on the 5071C Letter you received from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letterIf you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents.  


I did not apply my 2014 Tax return, therefore d?d not received any returns. I would like to apply for 2014 tax return so what kind of prodecure should I follow and what kind of document should I provide?  

Are you saying you are wanting to prepare and file a 2014 return?  A 2014 return cannot be \nprepared online.  But you can purchase 2014 software to install on your \ncomputer.   The 2014 return cannot be efiled; it has to be printed and \nmailed.You can buy the 2014 software from TurboTax as a download \nat the link below, or you may be able to find it at a discount from a \nreputable authorized retailer like Amazon.\n  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


2014 and 2015 do not show up, though I paid and completed both w/ Turbo.  I need to print 2015 quickly.  HELP  

Did you use Online TurboTax?   Ill tell you how to view/print/save at the bottom of this posting.But first you need to find the right account. Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  If you are not seeing evidence of your 2014 and 2015 returns when you log into the account and go to the Tax Timeline, then you are in the wrong account.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.After you find the right account, then see this FAQ on how to download/print:FAQ: How do I print a copy of my TurboTax Online return after filing, for my own records?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


How about give me back the money you stole from me first, it was 39.00 then 79.00 then 111.00 then 197.00  

This is mainly a user community forum, so nothing account-specific can be handled here.  However, you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours, however, to discuss any fee issues.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


how does depreciation work.  I plan to pay 30% down and morgage the rest  

Asking tax advice from a faceless public forum is not the best idea.  Sit down with a tax planner or certified financial planner to see how adding a rental to your situation will effect you since a rental cannot be evaluated on its own. In the mean time start your education with the IRS pub 527, 946 & 551.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p946.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdf  


I live abroad (so have automatic extension until June 15) and mailed in my tax return; I just got it back in the mail because I forgot to sign. I need to make changes to it anyway...can I do this in TurboTax without amending? If so, how and where?  

Since you received the return back from the IRS, it is not considered to have been filed.  So you can make any changes in it you want before you send another copy back--signed this time.As you mentioned, do not Amend the return.   But you can edit it.  Use the following method to open your unfiled return back up to edit it:\nLog into TurboTax and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nSince TurboTax thinks you were finished, there will be no take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state.  (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return back up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can then make any changes in it, then go to the FILE section to print out a new copy to sign and mail.\n\n  


I did not receive my STATE TAXES even though the federal ones I did. And I cant track the refund on MA website  

First, if you efiled the state return, use this tool to be sure that the state return was efiled successfully and accepted.  https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf that shows the return was accepted, or if you mailed it, then use the state refund lookup info in the following FAQ.  If you cant use your states refund tracker, then the FAQ also tells you how you can phone your states Dept. of Revenue to speak to someone about it.FAQ:  How do I track my Massachusetts tax refund?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779669  


In my state return, the same bank account was used to pay the amount I owe to NJ and CA, and  the respective amounts were withdrawn but the refund from IRS which sent on 4/20/2016 is not deposited yet!  

If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.   You can get the phone numbers when you scroll down a little on the webpage below:http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


Tried to pay with my credit card, but got this error:  shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;  

See the TurboTax support FAQ for this error - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online  


This says to enter freelance income without a 1099 as Other Income (which I did) https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2253707-how-do-i-enter-income-for-freelance-work-without-having-a-...But everything Ive read since then says I need to do a Schedule C and SE. What is accurate? Do I need to amend my taxes now?  

Yes, you need to amend. The\nIRS considers anything in box\n 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. If you dont amend, there is a very strong chance you will be hearing from the IRS. This is an active area of enforcement. Freelance income is almost always self employment.The TurboTax (TT) interview is very aggressive in steering a 1099-Misc (box 7) to self employment. If it took you to other income, you may actually qualify for an exception. But, be prepared to prove it to the IRS. For more info, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/c-zp2m0eKr4BDqeJe_aKs9/got-letter-from-irs-about-1099-misc-saying-i-may-be-liable-for-self-employment-tax-am-i-turbo-tax-didn-t-think-so?ppid=120878484 \n\n\n\nhttp://www.journalofaccountancy.com/Issues/2009/Jul/20091639.htm  


I took a bonus for leaving early, and closed my w2.  I just need a copy of my w2  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html  


filed my sons taxes with turbotax and need a copy of it  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I just need to find a copy of my 2014 Turbo Tax return so I can download it to present to the bank. I'm trying to buy a house and it's one of those requirements.  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


What do I need to do in order to get back  the penalty  

If your tax return has already been processed by the IRS, youll have to file an amended return.  On the amended return, enter your exemption certificate info in the Health Insurance section.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot....  


2015 tax document are not on my timeline for download  

First, be sure you are looking in the right place:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


for try(3) purchased home and business upgrade direct and it was down loaded .Now I get msg. .the file : "C\\program files ...x86 Config. has an invalid signature  

For this problem it would be best to contact TurboTax support and speak directly to a support agent.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific Time, Monday through Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I logged into my bank online and there is 4 charges for my filing fee  

It is possible that you paid the TT fees in increments not all at once  so look at your total fees and if you still have questions contact TT support directly. You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I believe I recieved a monthly advance payment of PTC o f $180 for the mnths I was insured. need to enter amount on pg2 line 46  

That information is already built into the form 1095-A so just enter that form to get the 8962 to populate correctly along with the form 1040 page 2. Do not just enter that amount on line 46 as it is not correct. Log back into your return by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline>>> click on "add a state" to open the tax file>>> click on the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962 questions Under the Personal tab, select the Health Insurance section of TurboTax. When asked, Did you have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and Continue. When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes. When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue. Follow the prompts to enter the 1095-A.>>> click on the Review tab and fix any errors if needed>>> click on My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return>>> print off the form 1040 & 8962>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2  


Since 2013, I have been missing them from my Turbo Tax submissions ! I did not know this and now they want to revoke my license. Where can I file RCT-101 electronically and/or with Turbo tax?!  

The form you are looking for (Form RCT-101), is available with the Business version (not Home and Business) of TurboTax.  


Im not sure how to fill out line 31 for the lifetime learning credit. What information do I use to figure this out?  

The program should complete that form for you automatically ... however if you are doing it by hand then see the instructions for line 31 here on page 7 ... https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8863.pdf  


How do I access and print my 2014 return?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


The institution holding an IRA that I am the beneficiary of informed me that I had not taken the required distributions for two years.  

You could amend the return to add the form 5329  OR  you can just fill out the form and mail it in by itself.https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-5329https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs 


Does each owner(equal owner=3) of my company need to complete the business portion?  

To file a Partnership return, you need TT Business (not Home and Business, which is only available for Windows.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/Also seehttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/partnerships 


I have lawyer expense in 2015 for empleyment purpose. When I include the lawyer fee (regardless of the amount) it is not changing my 2015 Federal return. Looks to me a bug  

Qualified personal legal fees are a miscellaneous deduction first reduced by 2% of AGI.   The amount left after the reduction is an itemized deduction which will be of no tax benefit unless that and  all other itemized directions exceed the standard deduction.For 2015 the standard deductions are:Single or filing Married Filing Separately - $6,300Married Filing Jointly or Qualifying Widow(er) - $12,600Head of Household - $9,250(If over 65 or blind add $1,250 - $1,550 if filing single or HOH) 


I want to completely clear all my information from this webside.  

You can not delete your account. Once youve paid or registered, TT is required to store copies of your return. These are the same requirements imposed on accountants, CPAs, and other professional tax preparers.More Information:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online  


my tax preparers never asked me these questions  

If you buy product to sell and you do not manufacture anything then you would not have any such costs. Skip those lines.  


The irs website tells me they can't tell me the status. I call the IRS and they tell me the same.  

In your last question, you mentioned an amended return. It must be filed by mail, and takes about 4 monrhs to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...  


I can't reach anyone by phone and neither the website or tax transcript say anything about an injured spouse claim. Its been 13 weeks since it was mailed (February 18th, 2016). This is so frustrating and I hate to think I've been waiting and they don't even have it. I'm afraid to send another one as I don't want to cause any confusion that could delay even longer.  

\n\nYou can call the\nIRS at 1-800-829-1040; dont select Option\n1 for refund that will just take you to an automated response, instead: it should get you to a live person\n\n- Choose Option 2 (Personal income\ntax)\n\n- Then press 1 (Form, tax history,\nor payment)\n\n- Press 4 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- Press 2 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- When it asks you to enter your\nSSN or EIN to access your account information, dont enter anything.  After is asks twice, you will get another\nmenu\n\n- Press 2 for personal or\nindividual tax questions, it should then connect you to a live person\n\n 


[PII Removed] name is eric  

Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 


I received a notice from the CA Franchise Tax Board stating that the calculation son my return are incorrect and that I owe $500++. Instead of the refund that turbo tax computed for $260++ mow I have to pay, is there somebody who can review the return and get back to me. This is frustrating!  

Send CA a letter with copies of your W-2 and 1099 forms that show those state taxes withheld, and adding up to $6003.  (Be sure the 1099-R actually has something in Box 12).  


I have called my bank and IRS.  

The irs should let you verify your account information. If you filed joint and only one person is one the account it will be rejected, and theyll have to mail out a paper check. But the bank should be able to tell you if that happened.  


I came to US for the first time in 2015, April last week and as of 12-31-2015, total number of days = 251. I am on H-1B and my wife (H4) arrived in September, 2015.I filed a paper return Form 1040NR-EZ (Filing status: Married nonresident alien) and submitted in person @ the IRS local office along with my wifes W-7 (ITIN) application.My wife received a letter from IRS rejecting her ITIN (W-7) application and the reason stated as your name wasnt listed as a primary, secondary, or dependent on the U.S. tax return that you includedI cross checked my return and to my surprise there isnt any field to enter spouse details. But in Form 1040NR, there is a field to enter the spouse details under Filing Status BUT we can only enter the details if we select either 3. Married resident of Canada or Mexico or married U.S. national (or) 4. Married resident of South Korea.Can someone please help me to correct the tax return to include my wifes name.Form 1040NR - [removed]Thanks in advance.  

There were several mistakes. First, a non-resident alien return is filed as married filing separately, so your wife was not listed and did not need an ITIN based on that return.2. Form 1040NR or 104NR-EZ arent the correct forms to file to begin with.You will need to amend your return.You are a dual status alien for 2015, so you would either file a dual status return as married filing separately (and no ITIN needed for your spouse) or you add a statement that you both choose to be treated as resident aliens. In that case you would file a joint return on form 1040 and apply for an ITIN for your spouse. But you both would need to report worldwide income for the entire year.Since you will need to amend your return, you need to choose either of these options, prepare the correct return and submit it together with form 1040X.Have a look at publication 519: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/  


i did not mean to choose deluxe, and i can't seem to undo it. How can i get back to free?  

If you have not filed your tax return, paid for the online edition or registered the online edition then you can clear the return and start over with another online edition.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Clear & Start Over.  


I invested 13000 in a real estate mortgage business in the mid2000's and as of yet I have nothing in return and don't think the business will take off. Can I claim this as a bed business investment and if so, where would I claim it?  

Please see this, but be aware that the IRS might not consider it to be a loan of there is nothing in writing. If the loan was made to a family member or friend it could even be construed as a gift.  You may wish to seek local advice.https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc453.html  


Hi all, wondering if I can get a idea on tax liability from selling my rental property .We bought the  house in 2004 for $235K, added about $25K in improvements . It was our primary residence till 2012 before  converting to rental. FMV in 2012 for cost basis/depreciation was $160K & since then I have claimed $24K in depreciation. We are contemplating selling the house this summer thru a realtor & are expecting ~ $200K in the sale price . We are also changing the carpets & re-painting due to wear & tear from tenants worth ~$10K before the sale.Given this scenario what could my tax liability be for 2016 ? It is bit confusing since I read somewhere in these forums that if my sale price was less that the original purchased price there is no loss or gain. Thanks in advance.  

You wont qualify for the capital gains exclusion, since you will not have lived in the home as your personal home for at least 2 of the 5 years immediately preceding the sale.The issue of carpeting and repainting is complicated.  There are some people who will consider that an expense of selling and deductible off the sales price, but the IRS guidance is much more specific on what deductible selling expenses really are.  The carpet will add to the cost basis of the home, but the painting is just maintenance and you dont get any consideration for that.  (Also note, if the previous $25K of improvements included carpet, you cant include that since you are ripping it out to put in new.  Only improvements that are still part of the house count.)So lets start with your cost basis for selling the home, which is not the same as the cost basis for depreciation.  The cost basis when selling will be $235 plus $25K improvements plus lets say $5K for the new carpet (also an improvement) minus $24K in claimed depreciation.  Equals $241K. Your sales price of $200K minus the real estate commission and any deductible selling expenses (survey, transfer tax) will be around $185K.Since the sales price after expenses is less than the depreciated value of the property, you wont owe any gains tax.If the sales price had been more than the depreciated value but less than the cost basis (i.e. more than $241K but less than $265K) you would owe depreciation recapture.  But with selling price so low, you dont even owe that.  


how do i get tax papers for  a blank 2014 self employed  

You can get them from the IRS and State tax websites, or here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/In any case, 2014 must be filed by mail.  


Please advise on how to fix, and when to expect my refund on prep fees. I will be investigating other options in future such as H&R Block if not compensated.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


now I can't write of his tuition for collage which is messing my taxes up this year. Can you go back and correct his return ?  

He must amend his return on Form 1040X to unclaim himself, and file it by mail. Since this will take several months to process you will have to file your own return by mail.Amendment instructions can be found here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot...  


my personal car is used for work. my company pays me an allowance for my auto and shows it on my w-2 box 14. i usually file a 2106 for all my expenses that they do not reimburse me for because I work out of my home. I only pay $422 for my vehicle payment per month. My w-2 doesnt reflect this amount in box 1, it only reflects the amount of box 12, code D for my 401K plan. some of your answers to this questions state that box 14 is only for information only, and others state that its coming out of box 1. Do I need to pick this number up on my tax return? Should i be putting it somewhere on the 2106?  

Since your employer is not demanding an accounting of and support for your auto expenses this is considered a nonaccountable plan and the amounts paid to you are appropriately included in Box 1 of your W-2.  Yes, Box 14 is generally considered a memo field and what that memo field is telling you is the amount of the allowance thats included in Box 1.  Theres no need to enter the Box 14 amount anywhere as its strictly for your information; it allows you to understand why the Box 1 amount doesnt match your annual salary or wages.You itemize your employee business expenses on Form 2106 and to extent these business expenses are deductible you get the deduction on your Schedule A.Tom Young  


I need the hard copy of my W-2 within the past three years. I was wondering whether Turbotax kept this information?  

TurboTax does not have a copy of your actual W-2 form--only the information you entered into your return,  Have you already filed your return?  You may be able to print a W-2 worksheet. Have you downloaded your PDF with all forms and worksheets?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900831-print-a-copy-of-your-tax-return-for-your-recordsThe IRS can also provide a Wage and Income transcript that has the W-2 information.   https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptYour employer should be able to furnish you a copy of a W-2.  The Soc.Sec. Administration can furnish a copy of a W-2, but  there is a fee.  


I received a CP24 Notice indicating that I had forgotten to include an estimated tax payment.  Therefore my refund was increased by the amount of that payment.  Would this change my state tax return and do I need to file an amended federal and state return?  

Based upon what youve said, you do not need to file amended returns for either Federal or State.  


I work in a foreign country and I pay them taxes. I know I can claim them back on my federal but how about Ca taxes ? Similar question has been asked and the answer was it will be credited from the federal and the federal will transfer it to the state . I am not able to understand this. Can someone explain it to me ? Thank you  

California does not allow a foreign tax credit or a foreign earned income exclusion. If you claimed the foreign earned income exclusion on your federal return, include the amount of your foreign earned income exclusion on Schedule CA (540NR), line 21f, column C.  


CA Tax board wants me to [pay and additional $2456  

redacted  


I'm trying to update my financial aid file for school and while scanning documents realized what my parents initially thought I needed to report is about 10k less than what ended up being reported. I need to update this information for school records but can't seem to find where to update it  

Most of the time, the parents income has nothing to do with a childs tax return and doesnt even get entered.  There are a few times when the parents income can become important.1. If you have large investments in your name (stocks, bonds, etc.).  In this case, the income from the investments is taxed according to your parents income (to keep parents from dodging taxes by hiding income in their childrens name who pay lower tax rates.)2. If you are NOT a dependent of your parents but could be, and are covered by an Affordable Care Act insurance subsidy, then I believe the subsidy take into account your parents income and you will be asked about it.  But if you are a dependent and are covered by their insurance, then their income should not be a question on your tax return.3. There is one of the education credits that you can claim in your name if your parents are income-limited from claiming it.  But I dont think in that case that you will get asked for the amount of parents income, and you also could not have claimed that credit if you are on a full ride (you have no deductible/credit eligible expenses that you pay out of pocket.)So unless #1 or #2 sound familiar, then your parents income will not be an issue on your tax return.  If you need to check those issues, you would run the amended return process and check those interview sections (stocks/bonds/other income, health insurance, etc.) 


As I have already applied as single, and its accepted by IRS and got my tax retunrns deposited in my account.  Can I change re apply for the tax returns as Married status ?  

Not only can you amend the return to file using the correct filing status ... you MUST amend to correct your mistake.  


You sent me my verification code to my phone via text everything is done except that.  

You have to leave the window for the code open and then open your email in another window.If you close the first window the code expires and you have to get another.  


They were requesting paperwork to support the income I claimed  

Only the IRS can tell you the status.\n800-829-1040\nWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \nFirst choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.  


I thought I emailed a pdf to myself but cant find it. I need it for student loans.  

It is not safe to email tax returns.On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return or Click Download all forms and worksheets 


I need it for student loans. I just files with plus in march.  

Is it possible that you are logging in with a different User ID and therefore, you are not finding your tax returns? To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you could end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery 


I use TurboTax for my taxes as a self-employed person (independent contractor) working with my wife from home. I am a journalist and do information related work for other people. My work involves building websites, taking photographs, writing. My wife does marketing. We cannot hire anybody to do the work. How do we pay ourselves for the work we do?  

If your business is a sole proprietorship, you dont pay yourself. A sole proprietorship is not a separate entity. You and the business are one and the same. Your net business income (after expenses) is income to you personally. Paying yourself would just be taking money out of your own pocket and putting it back in the same pocket.Its not clear whether your wife is a part owner of the business or an employee. If you are the only owner and she is an employee, then you should pay her. If you pay her as an employee you have to withhold taxes, like any employer does. If she is a part owner, you could treat the business as either a partnership or a qualified joint venture. If its a qualified joint venture, its as if each of you had a sole proprietorship. You dont pay yourselves. You report it on your joint tax return with two Schedule Cs, one for each of you, each reporting your individual share of the business income and expenses.You should sit down with a local accountant to review how your business is structured and how to handle the accounting and tax reporting.  


Its my first time doing my state taxes in this state.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your State return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf it wasnt, you can just efile it now.  


name is Franklin DeHaro and check is incorrected its spell De Harto  

I wonder if you spelled your name incorrectly in your tax returns.  You may want to log on and check.To get a corrected check issued, you will have to contact the state or IRS.  For a state number, they are all different, google the state income tax department. For the IRS, start here: https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an... 


I am trying to submit other income to my tax return but cannot find it anywhere. I completed my t4 slip but I need to claim additional income I have received  

You will file a NY nonresident return and put your Washington address on it and you will declare all the earnings you made in NY on that return.  You will prepare this return first.Second, you will file a Washington state resident return and declare the NY income on that return but Washington will all you an offset or credit for the wages reported and paid on in NY so you are not taxed twice on the same income.  This keeps your resident and nonresident status intact.  Read the Washington state instructions carefully on how to exclude "income earned in another state."  


I was supposed to get a check for rent credit from my taxes and have not yet received anything  

If MN, see this:http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/prop_tax_refund/Pages/When_to_Expect_your_Property_Tax_Re...  


Good afternoon,Please advise how I apply for the refund of my Turbo Tax purchase price.Thankfully the amount of money I owe the state of Vermont is not going to cause me a great hardship, however I am a single mother of three kids and didnt plan to have to pay back a portion of my tax refund.  If for any reason you are not satisfied with TurboTax, we will refund your purchase price.Please send instructions for me to apply for my refund of my purchase price.Respectfully,[PII Removed]  

Our refund policy that you quoted is for our Desktop Software.  Our online version has a different refund policy as it is a Try before you buy service.  Regardless of the version you used, you will need to contact us directly to request a refund, were unable to issue a refund through this website.  Please use the following information to contact us regarding your Vermont return and your request for a refund.Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.  


They don't need an amended return, but the amount of taxes they say I owe seems very high.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I already looked at the FAQ and it said to go into My Settings, but the next step they gave wasn't even an option. I also had someone call me, but it was just a robot and then it was disconnected.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I downloaded the 2012 tax return and started it, but then had to get a new computer.  I already paid for it, can I download it again for free?  

If you purchased the Download software from TurboTax you can download the installation file at any time for any purpose as many times as you need for up to three years from the date of purchaseGo to this TurboTax website and sign onto you download account - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadSee this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-how-do-i-download-the-software-i-purchased-at-turbotax-com 


the feds sent my payment to my account where is it.  

If it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your\nfees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS\nand your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the\ndeposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to\nthe address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a\npaper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently\ntricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG,\ntoll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 


I paid to do my return online then my work said they issued the incorrect EID # so i had to do an amendment to the original which then forced me to mail in the return but the paper copies had no dollar amount to issue a check so I spoke to the rep and she apologized so i issued 2 checks to cover my bases. Can anyone tell me when my return will arrive.  i can 't seem to get the information correct on the refund status page at the IRS.  

Only the IRS can tell you. Try calling them.  


I got my return accepted on Jan 20. And then found out that was under review got the letter to do but wait 45 days. I waited and nothing changed called they said it was never looked t and they would send a referral out for it to be looked at and would to wait another 45 days so waited 30 days called and was told that there was never a referral put out so this guy said he would do it now to wait 45 more days like what's going on  

If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n  


I've used Turbo Tax for years and now need to retrieve my 2014 filing - where can I find it on the Turbo Tax site?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Im receiving mortgage assistance from the Hardest Hit Fund (specifically, Keep Your Home California). According to both Publication 530 and Notice 2015-77, Im allowed to deduct the payments I made during the year to the servicer, but not more than whats shown on my 1098 Mortgage Interest Statement. Also, according to Notice 2015-77, the servicer may, but is not required to, report all the interest that was paid by both me and the Hardest Hit Fund. The problem is, the servicer says they will not report the interest paid by the hardest hit fund, and the policy seems like it will cost me quite a bit of my mortgage interest deduction for my 2016 return. (I do have enough income to qualify for the deduction from a severance payment at the beginning of year.)So, my question is, is there any way around this? Can I tell the IRS that the 1098 is incorrect? I cant seem to convince my servicer to change their policy, even though they say they will be manually calculating my 1098. It seems like, legally, its their choice, so is there anything I can do?  

Yes there is ... on this screen choose this option....  


I know that I live in a community property state however I am not sure if I split all incomes and taxes 50/50.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3122481-i-need-help-with-filing-an-injured-spouse-form-and-doing-t...  


This was the first year I received a 1098-T form from my university, and I claimed the American Opportunity and Lifetime Learning Tax Credit. However, Ive been in school full-time and worked part-time for several years, and I dont think Ive claimed it before this year. Can I retroactively fill out 8863 forms for previous years and retroactively receive the Education Tax Credit?  

You can amend a tax return for up to 3 years from the original filing deadline to claim the education credit that you mistakenly did not claim. The American Opportunity Credit can be claimed for up to 4 tax years while you are an undergraduate student working toward a degree in the first 4 academic years. You said in your post you claimed the American Opportunity and Lifetime Learning Tax Credit but you can only claim one of the credits in any tax year.  


I finished my taxes and got charged for PLUS a service I never added to it. I am now restarting them, but want to make sure that I don't have PLUS enabled this time around.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583649-can-i-remove-plus  


How do I view my 2014 TurboTax online. I have been trying and can't seem to get it done.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


There is no link to amend my 2015 taxes per the email instructions from Intuit. How am I supposed to do this with no way to get to the amend part online???  

If you are having trouble finding it...call TurboTax and talk to a REP to help you walk thru it...........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I entered the wrong cell phone number. How do I correct it IN MY ACCOUNT!  

1. Log into your TurboTax account2. Select My Account in the upper right of the screen3. Select the Security menu on the left4. Select Edit to the right of the old phone number5. Select Change next to the old phone numberAlso, see this link for additional info on changing account settings: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900724-how-do-i-update-my-turbotax-account-information 


how do I either combine accounts or pay for the upgrade to see my returns?  

Sorry you can't merge or combine or delete accounts.  Just pick one and stick with it.  Yes you can have up to 5 accounts for 1 email address.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


Can I do more than one return with my account?  

TT Online is only good for one return per account. Your son can try here:www.taxfreedom.com  


[phone number removed] just wont be accepted by my telephonic line, [phone number removed] just told me to call [phone number removed] and that number appears as non existant. Please someone help me here its almost going to be 20 weeks since I filed for my tax return.  

Please keep your related questions in one thread.  To reach the IRS from overseas, see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally  


I have two jobs. One as a pizza delivery and the other a computer operator. I read that a 2% deduction based on the Adjusted Gross Income  is deducted from the valued amount on the miles. I dont know if the AGI is calculated from the combined total of both jobs or just from the delivery job.  

Total Miles  =  Business Miles (pizza) + Commuting Miles (computer op) + Personal Miles (everything else)  


I have a w2 from 2007 and i was wondering if i am able to file through turbotax online?  

No.  Turbo Tax only has programs back to 2012 and you cant do prior year returns online or efile them.  You would have to get the blank forms from the IRS and fill them out by hand and mail it.   And ps...its too late to get a refund for 2007.  You only have 3 years to file for a refund. 


Who can I contact to stop the installment payment process?  

You will need to contact the IRS through their main number.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.  


Im in Canada. Canada and the US have an agreement on dual taxation on social security and medicare. I have a Certificate of Coverage stating that I am exempt from US laws regarding social security and medicare taxes by virtue of Article V of the agreement. TurboTax slaps me with the SET when I fill out Schedule C. I cant find a way to remove it. Is there a way?  

Dont try and claim a different (incorrect) exemption.As TaxGuyBill says, you need to be using the desktop version of turbotax, installed on your own Mac or PC.  You can buy a CD or a downloadable installer from Turbotax or major retailers like Amazon or Staples (who may offer larger discounts than direct from Turbotax).  You will also download your tax file (tax data file, name ends with .tax2015) from turbotax online and save it on your computer.Open the tax data file using the program on your Mac or PC and finish your tax return.   (If you have a state tax return, you may need to install the state module before your data file will open.)Click the Forms icon at the top of the screen to enter Forms mode, go to form 1040, line 57 (SE tax) and use the Override menu command to replace the figure there (calculated from schedule SE) with a zero.  When your return is completely finished, choose print and file by mail.  Discard the schedule SE that prints out.  Write Exempt, see attached statement on line 57 and Attach a copy of your Certificate of Coverage.  Sign and mail in the completed return.  You will also need to print and mail in the state return, since overrides void e-filing.  


I actually did try to efile, but the efile failed.  So I printed the return and mailed it in.  And I have heard nothing from the IRS.  

The rejection notice from TurboTax only concerned your e-filed return.  Since you mailed the tax return you can ignore the notices. 


I filed my taxes electronically prior to the tax deadline and requested a installment agreement with an upfront payment and monthly reoccurring to be auto debited from my bank account. It is now almost June and I have not heard anything from the IRS and have not had any amounts debited from my bank account.  

If you applied for an installment agreement with the IRS, it takes them a while to respond to you. I recommend checking your printed or pdf copy of your tax return to be sure that the installment agreement form (Form 9465), was part of your return just to be sure that it was sent to them. And did your return get accepted, if you efiled it? If both of those are good, you should just wait to hear from the IRS.Per instructions for Form 9465 - We will usually let you know within 30 days after we receive your request whether it is approved or denied. However, if this request is for tax due on a return you filed after March 31, it may take us longer than 30 days to reply. If we approve your request, we will send you a notice detailing the terms of your agreement and requesting a fee of $120 ($52 if you make your payments by direct debit)See more information at http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i9465.pdf 


Need to file amended return for 2015 E filed return. Want to open return in version of T.T. used to file. Trying to open that version results in offer to update but, no way to proceed without accepting update. How do I open without updating?  

Thanks for posting back! 


Do I still have to amend my return if I didn't itemize deductions?  

If you did not itemize, you werent affected by the Vermont issue and dont have to submit an amended return to include a Vermont IN-155,.See the passage below from the Vermont Department of Taxation at:   http://tax.vermont.gov/individual/commercial-software-errorsQ: What Were the Errors?A: If a personal income taxpayer claimed itemized deductions for tax year 2015, then they were required to file Vermonts schedule IN-155. Incorrect software coding in several commercial tax preparation products caused some itemizers to submit their return without, or with an incomplete, IN-155.  


I followed the steps in your website but no luck.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Used turbo tax to file my taxes on 4/16/16. About a week later received my mn state refund. Wor says fed refund still processing. It is May 26th 2016. Recieved an email from TT saying they are going to debit my account next tues because my refund has not been sent. Very angry.  

The IRS can take as long as they want to process the return and Turbo Tax cannot do anything about it. The IRS no longer\nprocesses returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the understaffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they are likely\nto be much longer this year. \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4495802\n\n\n\n\n  


I have a username and password with Turbo Tax.  Is there anyway that my returns are saved there?  

Sorry, not if you used the Desktop CD/Download program installed on your computer.  Then the only copies are on your computer and on your backups.If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 


Your form 1040 is blank, illegible, missing, or damaged, and we can't process it. You must resubmit the original completed form along with your original signature and all applicable schedules, forms, and attachments. Form 8692 is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the form with information that supports $44.00 on line 69, Form 1040. Schedule C is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the form with information that supports $23,839.00 on line 12, Form 1040. Schedule 8812 is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the schedule with information the supports $2,000.00 on line 67, Form 1040. Schedule EIC is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the schedule with information that supports $5,548.00 on line 66a, Form 1040  

Sounds like you have a laundry list of things to send to the IRS ... they stopped processing your return until you send the requested information. Simply assemble all the documents needed and send the package to the address on the notice... they want the form 1040(signed) , 8962, 8812, Sch C & the EIC.  Did you possibly print the return on both sides of the paper?  If so then the IRS date entry person didnt see the back side of the pages. Never print on both sides.  


who will my refunds get to me  

When preparing your tax return you have several options to obtain a refund.  You can request a paper check mailed to your address, you can request direct deposit to a bank account, or you can request part of your refund in the form of US savings bonds.  If you choose direct deposit, you can use a traditional checking or savings account, or you can use a pre-paid debit card that you already own if that card has a bank account and routing number (check with customer support if you dont know).  Finally, your last option is to have Turbotaxs partner bank send you a brand new pre-paid debit card with the refund loaded on it, and this has a $34.99 service fee attached.If you already filed, and dont know what you requested, you can download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets which contains a page of instructions.  


Ive unfortunately reached a point with my disability that I am unable to work enough to pay for my student loans I have filed for total permanent disability. I found out when researching this that once the loan is forgiven the IRS considers all of it taxable income. Both subsidized and unsubsidized loans total around $25000.00. Could you counsel me on how much that will end up costing me in taxes and how I go about setting up some kind of payment plan for it. THank You,[name removed]  

It depends on your total income for the year that the forgiveness is processed and the 1099-C is issued, as well as any deductions, spouse income, etc.  This article has a good view of the tax brackets. http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2015/10/21/irs-announces-2016-tax-rates-standard-deduct...It is likely to be taxed at 15% or 25% or a blended rate, depending on your other income.When you file your tax return, pay as much as you can, and you can use Turbotax to request a payment plan for the rest.  You may be able to exclude the cancelled debt from your income if you are going through bankruptcy or are insolvent (owe more debts than you can pay back).  If you feel that is the case, you can attempt to include a form 982 with your tax return to show you are insolvent and dont owe the tax.  (But if you are canceling the loans in order to prevent yourself from becoming insolvent or bankrupt in the future, then unfortunately it will be taxable.)  Form 982 is not supported in Turbotax online, you would need to use the desktop version.  


GIVE ME BACK MY [profanity removed]  

1. If you file electronically, it can take up to 3 days for the IRS to download the tax return from the turbotax data warehouse (although it usually takes less).  Turbotax cant do anything to speed it up, it all depends on when the IRS connects to the data warehouse.2. Once the IRS downloads the return, they will either accept it for processing, or reject it (usually for some kind of mis-match of key information between the return and the IRS databases.)  If it is rejected, you will need to log back into your account and fix the error or print and mail your return.3. After your return is accepted by the IRS for processing, refunds usually take 3 weeks but sometimes longer, and that is out of Turbotaxs control.4. A separate issue is that if you do not file your state return at the same time as your federal return, your state return will be marked as pending and cant be filed until your federal return is accepted.  This is an anti-fraud measure.  If that is what has happened, you will need to log back into your account every day or so until the federal return is accepted, at which point you will need to complete the state filing process.  


My employer does not hold taxes on my behalf, how can I pay my income taxes?  

If you are considered an independent contractor, you are self-employed and you will need to pay your own taxes out of your earnings.  See below for a starter review.There is a big increase lately in the number of contract workers, as government rules make it more expensive to hire employees.  Employers have certain duties to employees that they can skip with regard to contract workers.  However, if you think your treatment as a contract worker is incorrect or unfair, see here https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5448190  


How do I pull up my 2015 file that is in progress  - it says ready to file but there is nowhere to click  

If I understand your scenario correctly, your return is finished but has not yet been actually filed.  Try this:\nWhen you log in, go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIs there a take me to my return button?  If so, click to reopen the return.\n\nIf there is no take me to my return button because TurboTax thinks you are finished, heres how to open the return back up.\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline scroll down a bit to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return back up.)\nOnce the return is open you can review/edit any section.\nThen when youre ready, go to the FILE section to pay and efile (or print to mail.)\nNOTE:\nIf youve already paid, you can review/print the actual forms prior to filing.\nIf you havent paid, but want to pay in advance to view/print out the forms, then while the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return, and it will prompt for payment.\nYou can then view/print at will prior to filing.\n\n  


My IRS letter is basically stating that my return does not match my 1099 from my HSA provider. The HSA provider shows distributions paid - which I entered into Turbo Tax. I also checked the box that confirmed ALL distributions were for qualified medical expenses. I assume the e-filed return indicates this somewhere? However, when reviewing the PDF of my 2014 return, the HSA section basically shows blank fields for the distribution portions. So the IRS is saying these distributions should have been entered as taxable income, and that I owe the tax on that amount. Is there something from the e-file, or some reference I can make, to show that I indicated these HSA distributions as qualified medical expenses?  

Your distributions should be entered in part 2 along with the confirmation that they were all medical and non taxable. Because part 2 is blank, the IRS assumes the distributions were not qualified.  I cant say what you entered when you prepared the return, and whether it was your mistake or a programming error, but you definitely should amend.  If you made contributions by payroll deduction, they were captured from your W-2. Your distributions would have been entered in the 1099-SA section in wages and income or in the HSA section of medical expenses on the Deductions and Credits page.   If you filed online for 2014, you will need to download your tax file and download the amend-only version of Turbotax.  Start with this instruction page,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288565Depending on how you filed in 2014 and 2015, you may need to pay to unlock your 2014 return.Amended returns must be printed and mailed in, they cant be filed electronically.  I would probably mail the amended return to the regular address, and ALSO mail a letter to the office that sent you the notice, explaining the error and that you are filing an amended return.  Or, you can just mail the amended return to the office that sent the notice.  


Is there a video describing how to figure estimated taxes?  

Not a video, but this may help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169441-can-turbotax-figure-my-estimated-taxes-for-2016  


So in the following year there is no box 1 income so I dont fill out a k-1 for box 1.  Will the prior year k-1 be forwarded?  Since I only complete on K-1 in the following year for box 2 income I assume to complete the other boxes as well which were assigned to the K-1 with box 1 income the prior year.  Does it matter where it goes as long as it is reported?  When the LLC dissolves how will both k-1s be reported?  Chances are some boxes could have been reported on the wrong K-1 perhaps.  Does it really matter which K-1 it is when you dissolve the LLC and hence close the K-1?  

What you are doing when you have amounts reflected in boxes 1 and 2 is correct.  Typically what is done is one K-1 input will be for line 2 only and the other K-1 input will be for all other boxes.This is done this way as the software handles the rental portion computation better.When the LLC dissolves, it does not matter which K-1 input you use to determine the overall gain or loss.  However, in order to determine the overall gain or loss, you need to be maintaining a basis schedule of your investment in the LLC.  This basis schedule is maintained on an overall basis and not split between the two K-1 input screens.  If you do not maintain this basis schedule you will not be able to determine your gain or loss upon disposition.  Always easier to maintain on an ongoing basis, then to try and recreate many years later; when the potential of not having all the K-1 information.  


Do I need to file FBAR for 2015 if I moved out of USA permanently in April 2016. I will not be moving back to USA.  

If you were a resident alien/citizen/permanent resident, then yes, you have to file the FBAR form. All resident aliens/US citizens/permanent residents need to file the FBAR form, no matter where they live. 


turbo tax reported business k-1 investment of $2,822 as a loss on 1040 line 17 and Sch E lines 32 & 41, HOWEVER $2,822 was reported as a gain on form 4797 and Sch D part II line 11.  What gives?  

The schedule K-1 has multiple lines which provides detail of many specific types of income or loss that passes through to the owner.  The amounts reflected on the K-1 show up in many different sections of the 1040 so as to maintain the correct character of the income, loss, gain or deduction.You dont indicate what type of entity this is.  Does the $2,822 agree to a specific line on the K-1?  I assume it does and is the result of the business selling some equipment.  


They said "Your refund was mailed on April 29, 2016. If you do not receive your refund, please wait until May 27, 2016 to contact us as we are unable to take any further action until then. I didn't see any Email address there and tried to call but didn't get through. Is there any other way I can reach them? Millions thanks in advance!  

Only\nthe IRS can help you with this issue.\n\nCall\nthe IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen\ncalling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo\nafter first choosing your language, then do\nNOT choose Option 1\n(refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax\ninstead.\n\nThen\npress 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen\npress 4 for all other questions.\n\nThen\npress 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you\nto an agent.\n\nOr\nyou can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS\noffices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr\nyou may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS\nwebsite for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n  


In December 2013 I began a new job and they offered me a $4,000 reimbursement for my moving expenses. It was under an accountable plan where I paid for the expenses myself and was reimbursed when I submitted the receipts. Some of the expenses were incurred in December 2013 and some January 2014. My total moving expenses were $4,600. Some was reimbursed in December and some in January so it is also spread across both 2013 and 2014 tax returns. Under the rules of my employment contract I was required to repay the entire $4,000 if I left before 2 years employment. I accepted a new job overseas in July 2015 and repaid the $4,000 moving expense reimbursement. My question is: Do I amend my 2013/14 returns to reflect that I ended up paying for my moving expenses after all? Or do I somehow account in my 2015 return for that $4,000 expense that I repaid?Thank you!  

Amend your 2013/14 returns. You cannot take a deduction, or credit,  in 2015, since you did not repay previously taxed income. .  


I think normally I don't have to file my taxes by post because I'm a non resident in USA, because my friends who did it by turbotax they all receive their taxes back, and now I'm already back to Morocco.  

If the rejection was that a return had already been filed in your name then you know the IRS has your return and it is being processed.  Check the tool here to see if the refund has been sent yet ... https://www.irs.gov/refunds  


My salary on my pdf form of my return has a completely random and wrong salary. Which is now affecting aid for me to get for my student loans. The yearly salary is about $5000 higher than what it actually is. But when I go into my tax return it has the correct salary listed.  

The letter SCH stand for Scholarship and the number is the amount of scholarship that was taxable.  This number is included in the amount shown on Line 7.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for taxable scholarships - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2172062-why-is-my-scholarship-taxable 


Havent got income yet and no money is in bank but turbo tax is taking it today so how can I stop them from overdrafting account?  

You would need to contact TurboTax directly. They open at 8:00 AM Pacific time. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041  


please call me at [phone number removed]  

No one hear can call you, this is a user to user forum and a public forum.  I have removed your phone number for your privacy.You can contact TurboTax support to see if they can help you with your account.\n\nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\nWhen you enter\nyour question for a Refund,\ndo not put the word refund in the question box, otherwise it will take\nyou to check on your tax refund, instead enter something like billing.\n\n  


can not find the phone number for turbo tax  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I have a unusual divorce case where the divorce decree says mother can claim child on Odd Years (2015), and father on Even years. There is no end date for claiming our child.  Our son turned 21 within the first month of 2015 and as such, so did child support payments.  Paying for college was not in the divorce agreement, how ever we both paid for college expenses.  I was provided with a form of 8332 to fill out but know it is no longer valid after the child turned 21.  The decree states within it that the child is emancipated at the age of 21.  Father has sole custody, and the child attends college.Question 1: How long would the agreement be valid?  Can the mother force me to claim him?Question 2: Would the answers I get from Intuit TurboTax be valid in the court of law?  

Your questions are legal questions, not tax questions. You have to ask your lawyer.Theres nothing unusual about alternating years for claiming a child as a dependent. Thats very common in divorce decrees. The decree does not have to specify when to stop claiming him as a dependent. The tax law will determine that. At some point he will no longer meet the requirements to be claimed as a dependent. That will probably happen when he graduates from college, or soon after that. Then neither parent will be able to claim him anymore.  


I need to e-file my 2014 taxes, then do the same with my 2015 taxes.  I'm not printing them out to file and waiting 6-8 weeks.  

You should print and mail both your 2014 and 2015 returns now (in separate envelopes).  As noted, you cant e-file for 2014, and you dont want to let the 2015 go any longer than necessary.  Even if you filed 2014 by mail and waited 8 weeks, your AGI wont be added to the PIN system to let you e-file 2015.  Just mail them so you know they are finished. (You may want to use an express service or US mail service that includes tracking numbers, so you can verify delivery.)Depending on what caused the rejection in 2014, you may want to contact customer support so that it can be resolved before next year.  We cant see your returns so we dont know what the errors are or how to fix them -- there are many issues that can cause IRS rejections, from problems with social security numbers not matching their records, to cross-filed dependents, or mistakes in the IRS databases for various credits.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The number was 877-216-2138, is this a real Intuit phone number?  

It would be best if you contact TurboTax support through their contact website to verify the call.  TurboTax support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific Time, Monday thru Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


which version did I use for the 2015? because I want to access my 2013 taxes?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


DO I mail this or DDR it?  

All amended tax returns must be mailed. TurboTax should print instructions with the mailing address. If not, you should be able to find your states address using this link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html  


What % should I have taken out of my pay check so that I don't have to pay next year?  

You should use a W-4 calculator to determine how much to withhold. You can open your tax return and type W-4 in the search box and click on Find then jump to to access a W-4 calculator from within your tax return.Or you can used the one at this link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/Or you can use the one from the IRS: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/  


I am using TurboTax Free Edition  (Online)  

Once your refund has been issued and the attempted deposit bounces back, the IRS will mail you a check.  


Its lock for what reason  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked 


My husband and I were married last year, so in 2014 we filed separately and each got a state refund.  This year we are filing together and was wondering if I am suppose to combine our state refund amounts for the Refund income question or just the primary person's refund amount?  

You need to report both refunds.  Did you both itemize or take the standard deduction last year?TurboTax does not handle this. If you enter more than one state refund, it just adds them together. It does not ask separately for each refund whether you itemized last year. It just asks once after all the refunds have been entered. There is only one State and Local Income Tax Refund Worksheet, so there is no way to do the calculation separately for the taxpayer and spouse. The help for the worksheet even says that a change in marital status from last year is one of the situations it does not handle.So either.....If you both itemized deductions last year then add them together and enter it.If you both took the standard deduction last year add them together and enter it.If one person took itemized deductions and the other one took the standard deduction then only enter the one that itemized deductions.  


How can I reduce my tax liability... my plan is to donate charity significantly, HSA, 401k max contribution...  

With an income that high, your itemized deductions and personal exemptions are likely to be phased out; you will be subject to the additional Medicare tax; etc..  Also keep your state and local taxes in mind.Please consider seeing a local financial/tax plannner.http://taxfoundation.org/article/2016-tax-bracketshttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/questions-and-answers-for-the-addition...  


Turbo Tax indicates that my Colorado State return was accepted when I e-filed back in March, but the State of Colorado indicates they have not received the tax return.  What happened?  

You can check the status of your e-filed returns here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


it tells me its locked  

Please see this: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked  


I work from home full time and am eligible for the home office deduction. My boyfriend also lives with me, and we split the rent and utilities. He has an office to go to, so would not be eligible for the home office deduction. When I file my taxes, can I claim 20% of the total rent/utilities for our home or only 20% of the part I actually pay? Most of the similar questions Ive seen on this topic deal with a couple using a single home office for two separate businesses, but in this instance, I am the only one using the home office for business. We are not married and so do not file jointly. The rent, utilities, and internet are all paid for out of a joint account into which we both deposit our share of the monthly household expenses. I pay slightly more on rent, because I make more and was the one to push for the two-bedroom apartment -- so its not exactly 50/50.  

I think the issue is going to be, can you really show that you use the home office area exclusively for work?  Thats one of the requirements, the space cant be used for any other purpose (or only trivial de minimis uses).  That seems a bit of a stretch to claim 20% of a two bedroom apartment as exclusively used by you for business.Assuming you do meet the exclusive test, there is no reason I can think of not to claim the 20% of all expenses rather than 20% of your share.  You are using 20% of the whole apartment for work, so 20% of the whole rent goes for the work space.  Just because you might not divide the rent exactly on square feet shouldnt matter. 


My husband is not a residence and has no SSN. The system keeps asking me to enter SSN for my spouse, and I cannot fill in NRA in the SSN box. What can I do?  

There is no way to enter NRA for your spouses Social Security number in TurboTax. Leave the spouse SSN blank. Ignore the error in the error check. (Just click Continue when the error check tells you to enter the SSN.) Print your tax return, write in NRA by hand in the space for the spouse SSN, and file your return by mail.Please do not post multiple questions about the same problem. If you need more help or have a follow-up question, add a comment here. Do not post another new question about your nonresident alien husband not having a Social Security number. 


I need a contact or website to contact ????  

I dont think anyone here can help you.  In the past, even the Turbotax employees who were on call in the last days of the filing deadline didnt know much about these side offers.  The Post Office will forward your mail if you fill out a change of address card -- magazine for 6 months usually, and regular mail for 12 or 18 months.  As each magazine comes in, you can change the address with them, theyre likely all different anyway.  


In total i overpaid by more than $1000 initially.  Why would the system make such a blatant error?  

Turbotax assigned a penalty of $1000?  Thats a big penalty!  Likely you dramatically underpaid your estimated taxes for the year.  If you need help understanding the situation, you could post more details and the volunteers can try and help you understand.But on the penalty issue itself, its no surprise that Turbotax calculation disagreed with the IRS.  The formula is complicated and open to interpretation, especially in cases where your income varies during the year.  A person who makes $100,000 of self employment income in one month, and nothing the other 11 months, will owe very different estimated taxes than someone who makes a steady $8333 per month, and the penalties for not paying are likewise very different and not easy to figure out.  Usually the difference is fairly small but the more complicated the taxpayers situation, the more likely the calculation is to be off.  At least turbotax over-estimated the penalty so you got a refund, rather than owing more.You can try and call customer support and speak to a tax specialist (youll have to get past level one support somehow), and maybe they can tell you what it is about your personal situation that caused turbotax to be wrong (if its worth the effort to get an answer).  This is a public forum and most of us are volunteers, we cant see your tax data. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


my 2014 didn't save and I am having to pay more tax  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I am an active duty military member and Florida resident, stationed in California. My wife of a few months is a state resident of Oregon currently; but had been a Florida resident up to 2013 (and its where all her family is). Having temporarily lost her Florida residency by being in Oregon, would she be able to claim Florida residency/domicile again along with me when she moves here directly from Oregon to California?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901516-military-spouses-and-state-taxes  


I had to verify my identity on 5/16 and still today on 5/27 still  no update and no refund I tried ordering the transcripts and I couldn't order them with the new address or the old I don't know what's going on did anyone verify around the same time and is still waiting please help and tell me what happen with yous thanks  

Please be patient. Other users (who verified in March or April) are still waiting. 


How long do I have to wait for my state tax.  

Each state is different, so please check your state tax website. Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2947227-which-states-are-anticipating-refund-delays-for-2015-retur...  


New Mexico has now asked for proof of all income earned in 2013 and 2015, plus proof of my identity.&nbsp;&nbsp;I was under the impression the information provided to them through TurboTax would be enough.&nbsp;&nbsp;I was active duty military last year and both my spouse and I were Alaska residents.&nbsp;&nbsp;We were not required to pay New Mexico state taxes by law.  Why would I be required to do this and what recourse do I have?  

They want to make sure it was really you that filed those returns, you were really military, lived in Alaska, etc.TT is a self-prepared income tax software program, not a CPA firm.  It goes by what you enter.http://www.tax.newmexico.gov/Individuals/  


I'm quite pissed off at Intuit these days. I've been using your products for years. Recently, when I purchased Quick Books I had to reset my Intuit password. Since then I've had to reset my password a number of times for some reason. I need to access my tax file for 2014, and I want to open the file I have saved, not an online one. I cannot log in !!!  I've messed with this account for 45 minutes today, still with no success, and had to change my password again. If you cannot fix this problem, I'm not going to use Intuit products anymore.  And a burning question, is why do I have to log into Intuit to access a file I created with your product?? I own the software, and I own my own files.  I don't need Intuit to know my every move using the software.Enough rant..... fix my password issues !!Regards,Phil Erbaugh  

The 2014 version of Turbotax for the Mac implemented a new password scheme, that used your Intuit login credentials as the key.  The reasoning was that if you forgot your password, customer support could unlock your file.  However, the downside(s) were that you had to have an internet connection to open your file, and that your encryption was tied to a cloud service that was controlled by someone else with no firm guarantee of how it would be managed.  This scheme has been abandoned for 2015 and Turbotax is back to local-only password locking.(As a side comment, I would never use any companys built-in encryption to protect my personal files.  There is a much more secure free method called a sparse encrypted disk image that you can create using the Mac operating system itself for free, is much more secure, and does not rely on another company that may or may not use best security practices.)I believe Intuit uses a single credential loginyour user name and password are valid on all Intuit sites, including Quickbooks and Turbotax.  However, sometimes people have more than one account, and sometimes without realizing it.  You can use the account recovery tool to see if you have more than one account.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/To open your 2014 tax file, since it was originally encrypted, what is supposed to happen is that you need to supply the original user name or account you used, with the current password for that account.  If that doesnt work, try the user name you were logged into when you saved the file with the original password.Otherwise you will need to call customer support to get the file unlocked.  Be sure to save a copy with the encryption turned off.  If you want to encrypt your files, I would use the sparse disk image method for all your files, and not use application-level encryption from any company.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Gail xxxxxxxand Thomas xxxxxxxx 2014 AGI $xxxxxxxxxx  

Log back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n  


I have already filled in my bank account for on line payment, but now I decide to file by mail. do I have to include a check along with the form? would I be double charged?  

You can file by mail, if you owe taxes then you would send in a check for the amount owed with your return. Or, you can pay Federal taxes owed on the IRS website.  You would not be double charged, since no information was sent to the IRS (and State). That information is only sent when you e-file.IRS make a payment Online, if you dont want to include a check with your return:https://www.irs.gov/payments-------------------------------------------If you owe State taxes and you do not want to include a check with your return you can check your States website for options to pay online.-----------------------------------------You would still have to pay for your TurboTax fees before you print to mail (or e-file). 


I paid for it to be filed. How do I make sure it is filed?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


At the end of the year, I will claim 5 standard exemption/deductions for my family. Not sure if this affects the response.  

No, you cannot claim Exempt, but you can change the number of exemptions.  


A link was sent to my email however when I click on the link it takes me to an unnecessary home page.  

The payment voucher is part of your tax return so save/view your return and print off the voucher with the PDF reader.  \n\nTurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n       \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n       \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n 


how do I file old taxes from previous years  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...  


Trying to get info on my taxes  

You can get an estimate of your tax refund by using TaxCaster, at the following link.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/The only way to know the exact amount of your tax refund is to do your tax return. After you have entered all your information, TurboTax will show you the amount of your refund (or the amount due if you have to pay).TurboTax includes a refund monitor that shows you a changing refund amount as you work on your tax return. The refund monitor is not accurate until you have finished entering all your information.  


I am being told that I owe money for my state tax, Massachusetts? I was owed $460 prior to entering my second W-2 into TurboTax. That was my USAF retirement 1099R which I believe is not to be taxed.  

Did you have a second W-2 or did you mean that you entered the 1099-R and the refund was reduced?If you mean the 1099-R ... then after you entered the 1099-R ... you had to continue to answer the follow up questions to indicate that is was a military pension so when you get to the state it will recognize it as a military retirement check.  


Note that my payment is double the 72 month payment plan amount and I am otherwise fully eligible.  

It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf  


I brought my house on December 15, 2013.  Due to a new job I relocated to another state and rented my house on December 1, 2015.  Im planning to sell the house in 2017.  Im currently renting in the new state but will use the proceeds of the sale (very modest increase in value, down payment and mortgage pay down) to purchase a new house.  Will I have to pay capital gains tax on the sale?  

You may be able to exclude some of the gain due to hardship if the move qualified for a moving expense deduction.  For example, if you only lived in the house 1 year instead of 2, you may have 1/2 of the $250,000/$500,000 exclusion (which may be enough to exclude the entire gain.)  Turbotax will work you through the hardship provision.  


I sent my payment with my w2s over 2 months ago. They cashed my payment within 3 days. If they did not have our signatures on file, how could they legally take my money? And why should I have to resend our w2s, again, they would already have those on file.. I dont feel comfortable sending these, 2 months after the fact. This doesnt feel trustworthy.  

They cashed my payment within 3 days. Be glad they did - you would be paying late payment penalties and interest if they didnt.  If they did not have our signatures on file, how could they legally take my money?Because the check was made out to them and you signed it.And why should I have to resend our w2s, again, they would already have those on fileThey may not have them on file.  Forms W-2 are often processed long after refunds are made to the taxpayer.  Thats why they want your copies with the return.  


I want to get an EIN for my single member, disregarded entity LCC, so that I can put it on my invoices instead of constantly giving out my personal SSN. Can I do this without having to file another tax return separate from my personal income return? Can I do this midway through the tax year and just start using the EIN instead of my SSN? Thanks.  

Can I do this without having to file another tax return separate from my personal income return? Yes, you can.  You can even do it on-line:  https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n... and you can do it mid-year.  


a newly computed page 2 of my tax return with original signatures  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


Forgot to add my tax loss which is ongoing for 3000.00 deduction.  

We can help you amend your 2015 taxes\nif you need to make changes and your taxes were already e-filed and accepted\n(or mailed).  \n\nBefore you get started, read\nthis to\nmake sure you actually need to amend. Another popular tip: you have until April\n18, 2019 to amend your 2015 taxes.\n\n1.      Sign in to your TurboTax account. \n\n2.      Click Taxes in the upper left corner.\n\n3.      In\nthe 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend\n(change) return. \n\no   If\nyou dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You\ncan make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\n4.      In\nthe pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\n5.      When\nyou see Welcome Back, click\nAmend (change) a filed and accepted return.\n\no   If\nyou are on a different screen, click Federal Taxes,\nthen Other Tax\nSituations, then click Amend a Return.\n\n6.      Click Continue on the Well\nhelp you change (amend) your return screen.\n\n7.      Follow\nthe on-screen directions to amend your return.\n\no   It\nis completely normal if your refund drops to zero or does strange things while\nyou are amending. Your calculations will come out correctly in the end.\n\n8.      When\nyoure done, well give you instructions to print and mail your amended return\nbecause they cant be e-filed.\n\nYou can track your amended taxes with\nthe IRS tracking tool. It takes the IRS around\n16 weeks to process your amended taxes.\n\nThe processing time for amended state\nreturn differs from state to state. Contact\nyour state to\nfind out how long it takes them to process your amended taxes.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n       \nDo I\nNeed to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n       \nCan\nI amend if I already received my refund?\n\n       \nForms\nAvailability Table for TurboTax Federal Products (except Business)  


I filed my 2014 taxes with Turbo Tax, but I started over and now when I go to my timeline my 2014 year is not there. How do I get a copy of that return?  

I dont use Online, but customer support has told us that once you file, you cant delete or overwrite.  So that suggests that you have more than one account and logged into the wrong one.  Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  Use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/On the other hand, many of the volunteers are at least concerned that it is possible to overwrite your data after filing.  (Most of us use desktop and arent willing to file our own real tax return online just for testing.)  If you overwrote your data, its gone.  You can request a transcript or copy of what you filed from the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcriptYou can also try contacting customer support. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


when do i supposed to get my tax return money from state of hawaii?  

When to Check Your Refund Status\n16 weeks after you mail or e-file your tax returnhttps://tax.ehawaii.gov/hoihoi/refund.html  


the 12C letter was re the medical premium tax credit.  

The Online version automatically saves after each page of entry, it will save your amended return.  


In my Sch C it shows employee income that needs to be shown  on line 7 but I cant see my data for my 2015 return.  It has not been filed and I have an extension but my tax cpa wanted to see the forms first.  

Are you using TurboTax Online?  If so, Im not sure what rebooted has to do with your question.  Rebooting is something that desktop users (CD/download) have to do occasionally to resolve an issue.Next to your username above it says you are using online Home and Business.  Is that correct?  Are you using the Online TurboTax (website?)   The rest of this answer is directed to online TurboTax.  If thats not your situation, then you need to explain more.Are you saying TurboTax thinks you are finished, but you have not filed, and just need to open the return back up?\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can review and edit prior to filing.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes to an already-filed return, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


Windows 7 fix for error 19698274423 had no effect  

This is the only fix I see....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5324304IF not that, Tech Support is supposedly still on duty for another 30 minutes, but  will be up and running again on Tuesday..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


This is supposed to be a free return according to the Federal website.  Since I had used you previously I went ahead with it (with caution as the past year was lost).  I was charged 30.00 upfront but never got my state taxes done.  I know I will end up paying another 2-250.00 this year again because of this.  Id would really like to know what happened.  

The regular Free Edition is free for Federal only, and only for 1040A/1040EZ returns.  It is the FREEDOM Edition that is free for both Federal (if one qualifies) and State.  The FREEDOM Edition is the version that is done in conjunction with the IRS.TurboTax has 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return. TurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (may require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition  


I used your service to e-file my state return and you determined no state income tax payment was due. I just received a notice that I owe a tax payment and was charged both interest and a late payment fee. Do you guarantee your service? If so, I would like the late fee and interest charged to me reimbursed by TurboTax,  

This is mainly a user community forum--not a direct route to Customer Support, but we can tell you how to reach them by phone.  What is the state claiming and do you agree with it?TurboTax has an Accurate Calculations Guarantee.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566201-what-is-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculation-guaranteeYou can reach the free TurboTax Audit Support people to discuss your state letter by getting a phone number at the following link.  The links will say IRS letter, but they will also help with a state issue.  So just follow the prompts and the phone number will display.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


How do I retrieve my 2014 turbo tax returns?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


we both had separate residents and she lived in another state. There are no qualifying dependents or children. No property to split and was a uncontested divorce.  

Since you were married on Dec 31, 2015, you are considered married for that tax year and unmarried for 2016 (unless you remarry).  


I need a set of my w-2s, 1099s and w-3s for the bank.  When I print it out, all I get are forms that have not been filled out.  Where are the forms I filled out.  

Only you would have copies of those forms. You can get duplicates form the parties that sent them to you, such as your employer.  


Hello and thank you for taking the time to review and answer my questions. I am 100% owner of S-Corp A and 100% owner of S-Corp B.  I also draw an annual W-2 salary from each, $25k from A and $50k from B.Question 1 - In starting a Simple IRA plan for Corp A, is my compensation for the 3% employer match considered to be $75k (compensation from the entire group) or is it $25k (compensation from S-Corp A only)? So if I were to max out my salary reduction of $12,500, would the employer contribution paid by Corp A max at 3% of $75k or 3% of $25k?Question 2 - My goal is to be able to 3% match on the entire compensation of $75k, so can I accomplish this by only establishing a Simple IRA plan with S-Corp A without establishing a similar plan with S-Corp B?Question 3 - Would my ability to contribute to a Traditional IRA (and deduct the contribution) be affected by the Simple IRA contribution?Thank you  

Please see this:http://www.obliviousinvestor.com/sep-vs-simple-vs-solo-401k/  


I was claimed as dependent and so I discontinued the process of filing for 2015 Tax Return. I do not know how to fix the problem, because I really need a copy of my 2014 Tax Return for school.  

FOR 2014:  You need to pay for a 2015 return to unlock 2014.  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online FOR 2015:  Whether or not you are claimed as a dependent you might still have to file a return.  You need to check the box that says you can be claimed.  Go to Personal Info and click Edit by your name and scroll down to #3.  What kind of income do you have?  W2 or 1099Misc?  If you only have W2 income you have to file it it is over $6,300 or if it's under 6,300 to get back any withholding taken out.  If you got a 1099Misc for any amount you do have to file.To pay for 2015 to unlock 2014 you need to start a return and upgrade to PLUS.  Then enter some basic info like your name and then go up to My  Account - Print Center and say you want to print.  Then it will make you pay.  


Last year I went through TurboTax and they paid my owed CT taxes with my refund. This year my CT taxes were not paid even though I paid extra for the Deluxe edition and all that jazz. The only difference this year is that I messed up my account number so I still have not received my federal refund. So again why were my CT taxes not paid as was done last year?  

The only difference this year is that I messed up my account number and that is also why your CT taxes were not paid.  Please see this re paying CT:http://www.ct.gov/drs/cwp/view.asp?a=1462&q=266288  


print returns  

You can print them out, and then use a marker to redact the SSN.  


IRS claims my tax refund was direct-deposited ($3199) on March 9th 2016. However, no deposit was ever made, and I have my bank records to prove it. What happened?  

Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is the bank that operates the refund processing service that takes the TurboTax fees out of your federal tax refund, and forwards the balance on to you or your bank.You can contact them using this information (although they are probably closed today for the holiday): https://www.sbtpg.com/ Toll-Free number for TPG Online Consumer Tax - 877-908-7228  


I work in Spain, for a Spanish company as a CEO.  

To enter Foreign Tax Credit:1. Federal Taxes2. Deductions & Credits, Jump to Full list3. Scroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid, select Foreign TaxesJust a note that you cannot claim the foreign paid tax credit on taxes paid on income that is excluded using the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion on form 2555.  


My previous return is watermarked with "preview only"  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-only  


How can I pay my turbo tax fee online  

Well prompt you to pay any fees when you get ready to e-file or print your return.You can also complete your purchase at any time, for example if you need to pay for an upgrade so you can unlock a prior-year return:\nSign in and click the big, orange Take me to my return button. Continue until you pass the blue Simple and accurate screen.\n\nSelect My Account > Print Center, located in the upper right corner of your screen.\nClick Print, save or preview this years return and then click Pay now.Select this option even if its a prior-year return you want. This option triggers the payment screens.\n\nClick Continue on the Review Your Order screen and then enter your credit card info to complete payment.\nWe accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover cards and pre-paid credit cards with a U.S. billing address.  Sorry, were unable to accept check, money order, or cash payments.  


2015 tax year  

Not if you used the desktop version.  The only copy would be on your computer or your backup.You can get a transcript from the IRS for free or a copy for a $50 fee.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript 


HiI had a transaction through ETrade. It was under an ESPP program which gave me discounted shares. Here is the breakdown according to ETrade:Proceeds\t 249.43Acquisition Cost \t125.68Ordinary Income Recognized \t22.18When entering the cost basis for this transaction, should I put down 125.68 or 125.68 + 22.18. What does ordinary income mean in the case of ESPP?Thanks!  

You probably should ask ETrade to be sure about this, but generally speaking a sale of stock acquired via an ESPP can create compensation income, which needs to be reported as such, but the compensation gets added to the discounted, out of pocket cost of the stock to calculate gain or loss.You seem to be in the process of preparing your 2015 income tax return so I assume the transaction took place in 2015.  You need to check to see if the compensation was included on your 2015 W-2.  If it was then all you really need do is report the sum of the Acquisition Cost and Ordinary Income Recognized as the basis for the sale.If the compensation cost was not reported on your W-2, which could be the case if this was a Qualified sale, then work through the ESPP step by step interview to report the sale.  Keep working through the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview, completing it entirely; dont stop after entering the sale itself.   Youll eventually come to a page where TurboTax shows you the amount of compensation it has calculated, which should be that $22.18, and ask if the amount is included on your W-2.  If you answer No TurboTax will then include that compensation on line 7 of your Form 1040.Tom Young  


I want to amend my 2014 tax return due to now owing the IRS. My husband and I filed jointly. He went to talk to H & R Block about helping us amend our taxes for the 2014 year and they said they couldn't help us. What are we supposed to do?  

If you did not file your original 2014 return with Turbotax, you can still amend it here.You would have to purchase the 2014 desktop software; recreate your original return; fool the system by telling it to print  and file by mail (but do not actually do so); amend it;  print the amended return; and actually file it by mail.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


I've called them twice, and they are still not providing me a download. I need to amend 2014 taxes. Does anyone know how to download the Mac version?  

You have to get it from TT Support, which is closed now for the long holiday weekend.  But check here:To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\n  


The document name in French is " Dclaration Fiscale des Traitements et Salaires Perus au Cours de l'Anne 2015", I was told this is the W-2 equivalent in France.  

To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


The state is assessing me another $899.00 in taxes plus $84.72 in interest.. Turboxtax did not correctly compute the tax rate because it did not use both my income earned in state and my income earned out of state to compute the rate. Was this a known problem?  

It is not a known problem (speaking as a non-resident of California who has filed a CA return annually since 2006).  If you believe that Turbotax made an error in your tax calculation, here is some information about the accuracy guarantee:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca... 


I just wanted an estimate "if" I claimed my daughter, but her father claimed her and myself as well. I was claimed as dependent under his tax return. I also did not make any income for 2015 and for that reason, I wish to cancel my filing. However, I would please like to have a copy of my 2014 Tax Return for school purposes.  

Okay, so you probably began your 2015 return using the online platform.There is no charge for the online program until you either print or file.  So no problem there.  A TurboTax account, once opened, cant be closed.  Users simply abandon the account.  If youd like to remove all the information you have entered, you can do so using the Clear and Start Over feature.  See the instructions below.  (Obviously, you wouldnt start over).  :)https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248526As for accessing your 2014 return, Im including instructions below to assist.  Please note that if you used the Free Edition for 2014, you will be unable to download a PDF without making a minimum purchase from the 2015 program.  The Free Edition does not offer the feature of ongoing access to your tax returns prepared in the online platform.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525Please post back if you have further difficulty, or contact TurboTax Customer Support during business hours using the instructions below.  Support will be closed for Memorial Day on 5/30/2016.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I am not sure if I file it with Turbotax  

Possibly, but you will need to know your login information for your TurboTax account.  Some users have more than one account but dont realize it.  See the information below for obtaining a PDF file of your 2011 return filed using TurboTax online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 


my mailed return never made it. Can I back out and efile? If so how should i do this?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2548451-filed-a-paper-return-that-got-lost-can-i-still-efile  


I'm a US expat living overseas for a long time.  I have a US bank account and card that I would like to use to pay, but the registered address on that account is in a foreign country.  How can I pay?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees  


Hi, I have gambling winnings of $3,500 and baby sitting earnings of $3,000.  When I inputted this information into Turbo Tax Deluxe, it did not generate a Schedule SE.  The IRS send me a letter saying I need to fill one out.  Do I need to fill one out?  If so, why didnt Turbo Tax generate this form for me? Can I have Turbo Tax generate this for me now?  (My income is about $9,600).  Thanks.  

Are you a professional gambler? Otherwise the gambling winnings are not subject to social security tax,Examples of items that are NOT self-employment income are S corporation income, gambling winnings (unless you are a professional gambler), rental income from real estate (unless you are a real estate dealer), and jury duty pay. http://www.webtaxcenter.com/f1040sse.jspThe babysitting income would be taxable for SE . 


IRS was not able to locate my schedule with my 2014 tax return.  They told me to send that schedule to support my request for a refund. I do not have a copy of my return because I no longer own that same computer on which the return was prepared.  What can I do?  I noticed the letter gave me 20 days back in 2014, but I did not get the letter until now which is late.  I was not mentally able to handle my affairs for several yeas .  What can I do?  

Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file. \n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\n\n  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\nIf you dont have a copy and cannot access one then you will need to recreate the return to get the needed form. You may also seek qualified local assistance if this is beyond your abilities.  


I got diagnosed with stage 3 rare cancer called gestational Trophoblastic neoplasm... I ha e bad breathing problems..I went home with in home oxygen.did 5 rounds of intensive chemo and couldn't work.my fiance supported me and my children...paid the bills...food...their cheer leading...their school things... So why is he being audited for claiming two of the children he basically fathered?  

If he claimed them as a qualifying relative  then he would have no problems with the IRS rules ... however if he claimed them as qualifying children then that was incorrect and will not hold up to the IRS audit.  Until you are married he cannot claim them as children and get the benefits that come with that option. Sadly these rules changed about 18 years ago much to the dismay of those  boy/girl friends.A dependent must be a\ncitizen or resident, claimed on only one tax return, and cannot file a joint\nreturn.\n\nAdditionally, to qualify as\na relative, the dependent must:\n\n        \nlive with you all year  - except close\nrelatives as defined in Publication 501\n\n        \nearn less than $4000 (except nontaxable Social Security\nbenefits)\n\n        \nprovide less than half of their own support\n\n        \nbe claimed by only one person\n\nOR, additionally, to\nqualify as a child, the dependent must:\n\n        \nbe related to you\n\n        \nbe under 19, or under 24 if a full-time student (there is no age\nlimit if totally and permanently disabled)\n\n        \nlive with you for over half the year (when away at school, that\nis considered only a temporary absence)\n\n        \nprovide less than half of their own support\n\n        \nbe claimed by only one person\n\nFor more information,\nplease read https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/Rules-for-Claiming-a-Dependent-on-Your-Tax-Ret...\n\n  


This year, for the 1st time, I am running after bank bonuses. I assume, by the end of year I will get around 25 different 1099 INT from different banks.is there enough space on tax forms, to include 25 items of 1099 INT?  

Will it be difficult? Yes... when is entering 25 of something different ever easy.... but yes there is enough room. 


If I claim her as my dependent; can she lose insurance benefit she is getting from state?  

Yes, but only if:1. You are legally obligated to pay it, such as a co-signer2. She was your dependent at the time the money was used to pay educational expenses3. You actually paid it  


I found the proof of e filing for this year but not for previous years and I need 2012  

The only way to prove filing is to request a transcript from IRS, which will corroborate what you show on paper. Only the original filed return will be available.  


Recently rebuilt desktop, and need to reinstall software. My login does not seem to remember my account, but I have email receipts for these products...  

The email address used for notifications, receipts, etc., and the log-in User ID are not necessarily the same.  The User ID doesnt even have to be an email address, or it might be part of an email address.  You can even have multiple accounts without realizing it.This is the download link for TurboTax.   Youll likely have to sign into your account at quicken.com to get the Quicken download.   The Quicken community forum can help you with that, if necessary.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadHeres how to look for multiple accounts and recover access.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Then try each User ID you found at the download link I provided above.  


I've selected the steps in "Amending "  and downloaded the things it's told me to. After downloading both, it still doesn't work. I've been contacted by the IRS and have to amend and also pay back. Looks like I messed up and put social security with holdings with the federal. This is the only W-2 (more than 1 job for 2014) I have to amend. Please help! Nothing has worked. I filed using a tablet and my phone and it's been having me download Windows stuff. I'm beyond stressing out!  

Form 1040X becomes your new, amended tax returnHow to file:Do not include your old 1040 nor your revised 1040 because the Form 1040X reflects any changes there and becomes your new tax return.Include any new document only if it shows tax withheld, and include any other Sequence Numbered tax forms that changed due to your amendment. Attachment Sequence Number is on all the forms that come after 1040.  


I rebuilt my desktop, and lost all previous year's returns. Can you help me to download just 2014 and 2015 returns so it can transfer in to 2015/2016  

If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.See this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return 


Military member CO residentSpouse CA resident noe employed in NCBoth residing in NC due to orders.  

You do not qualify to claim exemption from NC tax, under the military spouse rules. You must file an NC return. Whether you file as a non resident or part year resident, depends on whether you still claim CA as your resident state.For details see:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/State-Taxes/Filing-State-Income-Taxes-When-You-re-in-the-Military/GEN12772.html?_requestid=46732  


We have now have separate corrected 1095-A forms.  

You said you have separate 1095-As?If your son has his own 1095-A, you do not need to allocate anything to him, and you dont enter a percentage.  Just make sure the SLCSP (column B) on the 1095-A is correct:https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/If you just mean you have also received corrected 1095-As and that you are all on the same 1095-A, see this post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...If you have already filed your tax return and you now have received corrected 1095-As, you need to amend:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot...  


I have followed all directions, from same previous questions.  When I sign into my turbo tax, it akes me to a buying screen as if I haven't done my taxes.  I need to complete form 8962 by June 1, per IRS letter  

When you log in, see if\nthere is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.   Clicking that should\ntake you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf it acts like it wants\nyou to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.\n\nUse the tool below to look\nfor multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters.Log back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n  


I had a vertical sleeve gastrectomy in Tijuana, Mexico.  I paid for the surgery, the plane ticket, there and return, as well as hotel charges for 1 night before and 1 night after my surgery. Are these allowable expenses and if so how do I claim them.  

No Enter each 1098 separatelyEnter one, click "Add another 1098" to enter the second oneNote that different limits apply to the home equity loan which is explained on the entry screen  


The IRS sent me a bill for the entire amount that I cashed out.    Which is weird, because I can see paying taxes on the total amount that I cashed out, but not pay the total sum of the cashout back to the IRS.    Any help or guidance is appreciated.  

It  is weird.Follow the directions on the letter for how to dispute the findings of the IRS.Prepare a corrected return to compute the correct tax due.Then you  can show the amount of your distribution, your tax bracket , and the calculated amount of additional tax you think you should be paying.  


I am retired and am  preparing to roll over my deferred retirement  payments from a previous employer into a traditional IRA. I am 59 and want to know what is the annual max amount allowed.  

As Volvogirl said, there is no maximum on a rollover to an IRA. That being said, you would be better served by doing a direct Trustee to Trustee transfer of the entire 403(b) balance to a Trad IRA, without having any taxes withheld.  This would be a non taxable event.You can then draw down on the IRA as your cash needs require, and pay taxes at that time.  


I got a letter saying I still owe $93 because I cannot prove my health coverage. I was lead to believe that I already paid $325 for not having proof.  

First check line 61 of your Form 1040 to see what penalty you were actually charged..The penalty for 2015 is the higher of these:\n2% of household income\n\nMaximum: Total yearly premium for the national average price of a Bronze plan sold through the Marketplace\nOR$325 per adultIt may be that the IRS adjusted your household income so that an additional $93 is due. 


I have done everything as I normally do when filing my taxes, but still have received no refund. The Track Your Refund tool just says "processing."  

When did you file?  It may just be a normal processing delay. See Q17 here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds/tax-season-refund-frequently-asked-questions  


Old account has historical completed tax returns. New account has current tax information. I have paid for the new account yet I need my old files. Is there anyway around having to pay a second time?  

If you used TT Free for the old filings, you will have to contact TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday to get those files unlocked.  


I loaned money to a private party they filed bankrupitcy the court granted how do i add that loss to my taxes  

\n\nPersonal\nbad debts are deductible as a short term capital loss on Form 8949.They are difficult to support as bad debts instead of non-deductible\ngifts, however, when they are made to friends and family member. The IRS\nclosely scrutinizes bad debts between friends and family members to insure they\nare not disguised gifts. From http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc453.html :  For a bad debt,\nyou must show that there was an intention at the time of the transaction to\nmake a loan and not a gift. If you lend money to a relative or friend with the\nunderstanding that it may not be repaid, it is considered a gift and not a loan.\nThe IRS scrutinizes family and friend bad debts very closely. \n\nThe\ninstructions in IRS Publication 17 provide additional requirements for\nreporting a bad debt. They include: \nHow to report bad debts. Deduct\nnonbusiness bad debts as short-term capital losses on Form 8949.\n\nOn Form 8949,\nline 1, enter the name of the debtor and bad debt statement attached in\ncolumn (a). Enter your basis in the bad debt in column (f) and enter zero in\ncolumn (e). Use a separate line for each bad debt. \n\nAlso\n- For each bad debt, attach a\nstatement to your return that contains:\n\n\nA description of the debt, including the\n     amount, and the date it became due,\nThe name of the debtor, and any business\n     or family relationship between you and the debtor,\nThe efforts you made to collect the\n     debt, and\nWhy you decided the debt was worthless.\n     For example, you could show that the borrower has declared bankruptcy, or\n     that legal action to collect would probably not result in payment of any\n     part of the debt.\n\n\n asks for this information.\n\nTurboTax\ncould make entering a bad debt easier but, for the desktop version, the\nsequence would be as listed below. (I assume its similar for the on-line\nversion but I dont use it.)\n\nTo\ndeduct a bad debt, go to the wages and income tab, then choose Ill\nchoose what I want to work on (the deduction is under the\nincome category as it is part of capital gains or losses)\n\n\nFrom the\n     next page under the Investment Income heading select Stocks, Mutual Funds,\n     Bonds, Other\nIn response\n     to Did you Sell Any Investments in 2013 select yes.\nOn the\n     next page, under Let Us Enter Your Investment Sale Info, check Ill\n     type it in myself.\nOn the\n     next page for Select Your Financial Institution select\n     No Financial Institution\nOn the next\n     page, for the first item, check Add More Details  for the first free item, \nOn the\n     next page select Uncollectible Debt\nThe next\n     page will show the data you need to enter for the debt.\n\n\n  


The govt is taking money from.my husband's check for the Medicaid my son has,but we were exempt from having to havelow income Obama care because of low income.can they do this?  

Since your child has Medicaid, he is covered.  


He received his state return, but not his federal  

You wont be able to see the first return.  With the Online version you can only prepare one return per UserID, if you use the same account (UserID) for another return, that one overwrites the first return.  You need to start another account to prepare additional returns with the Online version.  


I've been doing my taxes for several hours and my guardian has informed me that it should only take me 5 min. How is this done?  

TT selects the correct form (1040EZ, 1040A, or 1040) for you, based upon your data entry  Ask you guardian to check the work you have done so far. 


I wasn't named when I was born my ss card & birth certificate  say the same thing but the name I used in schools isn't . I signed off on my child's birth certificate with the name I've been using my whole life , with that being said will the IRS still b able to identify me as the same person.  

The IRS goes by the last name that is on file with the Social Security office.  


My tax advocate said my refund will be in my bank account either Friday by noon or Saturday (it's Saturday). I have yet to receive anything. What's going on ? I would have to wait till Tuesday to call cause Monday is a holiday. Would could it be ?  

Once the IRS sends the refund it is now up to your bank to acknowledge the deposit ... and due to the holiday weekend it is probably delayed ... contact your bank to see what is happening.  


I can't e-file for federal because I have no income to report, other than ssa. But when I choose file by mail, I get a blank screen. Help!  

If Social Security is your only income, there is no reason to file a return at all, except to recover any taxes withheld.  


I called Netscape and the cannot give me an answer . Only we don't have it it's at the bank. But there is no phone number for the bank.  

TT Support is closed until Tuesday, but there really isnt much they can do.  You might call the IRS when they are open, and verify to which bank they sent the refund.The NetSpend Prepaid Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, or Republic Bank & Trust Company.  


I have 2 sources of retirement income and my wife one.  Each of mine provide greater income than hers.  

How old is she?Payments\nreceived before the recipient could retire under the\nprovisions of the plan or benefits from 401(k), 457, or\n403(b) plans attributable to employee contributions\nalone are not pension and retirement benefits under\nMichigan law, are taxable and are subject to withholding. In addition, pension and retirement benefits are taxed differently\ndepending on the age of the recipient. See p 14ff here:https://www.michigan.gov/documents/taxes/4884_Inst_443078_7.pdf  


I just want to find my claim and it's details. I don't know that I actually saved it - I know that I didn't print it. is there a way to still retrieve it?  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 


I cannot open 2014 downloaded version to complete that year return. I resently downloaded it.  Can someone help? I get a message that says it is either not supported or file has been damaged..  

See if this helps: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2993955-need-to-amend-2014-return-and-cannot-open-the-desktop-soft...  


where do Icall to get audit defense last year got for less cost by a person on phone  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 


I just want to pay to get prior returns for now....I'm not at this time planning to file 2015 returns using turbo tax....is that possible  

You have to start and pay for a 2015 TurboTax online edition of Plus before you can access prior year returns.  You do not have to complete or file the 2015 online return that was started.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


where can I see where i inputed my information  

Check with the Social Security Admin. They may have your name spelled differently in their records. 


My understanding is that downloads are available to download a certain number of times, for a number of years back.  

If you purchase the download from TurboTax you can download the installation file at any time for any reason as often as needed for up to three years from the date of purchase.  Sign onto your download account at this TurboTax website - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadSee this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-how-do-i-download-the-software-i-purchased-at-turbotax-com 


Hi there,I've filed my taxes for 2015, stating that I had a contribution of $5,390 per person to a Roth IRA. 1. Originally I had made contribution of $5,500; but when preparing my taxes I realized that I was allowed less than that;2. I did then prepare an excess contribution withdrawn for the year of 2015, which was processed by February of 2016;3. I reported on my tax return a contribution of $5,390.00 ($5,500 - $110 of excess).4. When receiving form 5498 I see that my broker account reported contribution of $5,500; and when contacting them they indicated that the excess contribution reporting will only come in 2016 with a 1099-R.Could you please confirm if I have reported it correctly, or if an amendment is needed.Thank you in advance.  

They are correct. 


I need someone to look over my return. IRS sent me letter stating that covered california wasnt correctly stated. for some reason.  

\n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n\n  


I've amended my return twice in TurboTax and I forgot to print it last time to send it in. I'm not sure if the version that I can print now is the amended one or the original one I created the first time around. Where can I find my amended return? Thanks.  

Whenever you make a change in the Online program the change is permanent so all you can do it print the most current tax file. \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748  


I'm filing an amendment and have to know the answer to this before I mail it off.  

Special Conditions are listed on page 7 here, but there is no code 07.https://www.revenue.wi.gov/forms/2015/Form1NPR_inst.pdf  


Hi there,Ive filed my taxes for 2015, stating that I had a contribution of $5,390 per person to a Roth IRA. 1. Originally I had made contribution of $5,500; but when preparing my taxes I realized that I was allowed less than that;2. I did then prepare an excess contribution withdrawn for the year of 2015, which was processed by February of 2016;3. I reported on my tax return a contribution of $5,390.00 ($5,500 - $110 of excess).4. When receiving form 5498 I see that my broker account reported contribution of $5,500; and when contacting them they indicated that the excess contribution reporting will only come in 2016 with a 1099-R.Question --- please confirm if I have reported it correctly (as $5,390), OR if an amendment is needed (that I need to report $5,500 now and then next year correct via 1099-R)?Thank you in advance.  

Answered here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3363783-confirm-how-i-should-be-reporting-my-excess-contribution-f... 


Turbo Tax did the calculations wrong and now I am receiving a very very small refund. I would not have purchased the extra services otherwise.  

The only way to contact support is to start at this link.  You only get a phone number when the office is open https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The file is named ~2015 Stokes D Form 1040 Individual Tax Return - errors fixed. Size is 4104 KB  

the message errors fixed is not a good sign. your file may be damaged or truncated.If so, it will not be usable.You might try once more to copy the file from backup to HD.  


Am happy there are people in this process.  

the necessary info is any box that has an amount, or other non-blank text.Just copy all the fields into the TurboTAX screen.  


It keeps asking me about it, does it matter if I leave it blank ?  

You certainly can leave the EIN blank.  Thats because absolutely no detail off any 1099-MISC is sent to the IRS in your income tax return.  All the IRS sees is a lump-sum of income somewhere in your income tax return, (e.g., Schedule C, line 21 of Form 1040, etc.), and that number can be comprised on dollars reported to you on a 1099-MISC, not reported to you on a 1099-MISC, or some combination.Tom Young  


want to download the documents, the only option I see is print. why?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


On turbotax online home & business version, I had entered educational expenses and completed and printed my return, which included Form 8863. A month later I logged back in and the refund amounts were showing the same as I had left it. Then I entered a schedule K-1 that I had just received, which had a small loss from a business partnership. As soon as I finished entering the K-1, I was alarmed to see that my educational credits had disappeared. Upon investigation, Form 8863 and the educational expenses that I had entered were all gone!! Not recalculated, just gone. Is this a known bug in the software? How do I make sure that stuff does not randomly disappear.  

Delete  


trying to obtain 2015,2014, 2013 returns. Computer originally filed on has crashed and data lost  

If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf  


The question on residency in California, I said part time since I lived 6 months in Louisiana.  Then it asked when I became a resident of the above mentioned state (CA) and I have been a resident here since 2002.  Can I speak to someone to see if I've filled my tax return correctly?  

Hi I live in CA full time.I take that statement to mean thats where home is for you.  Residency has more to do than where you happen to go to bed at night.  Were it otherwise traveling salesman could be filling out dozens of state income tax return.So your state of residency has a lot to do with your mental concept of where you live.  The specific evidence of this might include where youre registered to vote, where you own a house thats home to you, the drivers license in your pocket, what Elks lodge you belong to, etc.  If your state of residence really was California the entire year, if Louisiana was a more or less temporary work place for a while and you always knew that youd return home to California when that specific job was done, then you really are a California resident and were for the entire year.Typically how this is handled from a state income tax standpoint is that you first fill out a non-resident income tax return in Louisiana, declaring all Louisiana-based income which in your case most likely would be your compensation or self-employment income directly sourced from your activities while living there.  Youd then fill out your California resident income tax return declaring ALL your income, even the Louisiana-sourced income.  However, on your California income tax return youd then take a tax credit for the taxes paid to Louisiana, more or less eliminating the double income issue.Tom Young  


I\nreceived a 1099-MISC from my insurance company for reimbursement when I was in\nthe hospital in Florida for being out of the 50 miles radius.  I added this to my income.  When doing my medical expense I added the\namount I paid out of pocket, when I got to the end for medical expense, it\nasked if I received reimbursement and the amount paid, this sent my expense to\n0.00.  Do I place the amount paid by my\ninsurance company for reimbursement in both places? or just in the income\nsection for Miscellaneous income?  

Per Publication 17:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Insurance Reimbursement\n                  \n               \n               \n            You must reduce your total medical expenses for the year by all reimbursements for medical expenses that you receive from\n               insurance or other sources during the year. This includes payments from Medicare. \n            \n            Even if a policy provides reimbursement for only certain specific medical expenses, you must use amounts you receive from\n               that policy to reduce your total medical expenses, including those it doesnt reimburse. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dont enter the 1099-MISC as a form of income.Tom Young 


I applayed for my taxes retourn in Jnauary 19, 2016, and till today I still having not answer about when I would get it back, I called the IRS and they say they have not idea whats wrong with it and that I have to wait till June. The problem is that Im Currently living in Colombia but I would go to the USA the next month for long time, so Im wondering if I should change the billing address? since I would be in the states when I HOPEFULLY get answer.  

Did you mail in your tax return or did you efile?  Check here to make sure your return was accepted. That January date was before IRS was accepting information. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then check the IRS site to see if your return is in process https://www.irs.gov/refundsYou should file a change of address with your local postal service but there is a form for changing your address with the IRS. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8822.pdfWhen you get to the states again contact the IRS advocate service https://www.irs.gov/advocate  


Other instructions on Section 1244 stock refer to there being a special situation question that will be asked after stock is selected.  No such luck here.  Extremely frustrating.  

Did you go far enough into the interview questions?  I just tried it on my program and works fine, but is a bit different than most stock entriesGo to Federal Taxes -> Wages and Income -> Investments -> Stocks, Mutual Funds, etcAnswer Yes to did you have sales, but then answer No to did you receive a 1099B.  This should bring you to a screen asking what type of investment you sold, choose stock.  Enter the stock sale information on first screen and then the purchase information on the next (i.e number of shares, date bought / sold etc).  After you get through the nitty gritty of the sale and purchase information, there should be a screen that directly asks Was this a sale of qualified small business stock?  Answer Yes and proceed through the questions to confirm it truly does qualify for 1244.  Assuming it does, it will then put the loss on line 14 as an ordinary income loss.Hope this helps.  


need to correct.  

Not much anyone can do until Tuesday...since they are closed this weekend and Monday.But they should be able to help you then..note that the times they are open are PACIFIC time.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative and get that fixed.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The income shows in tax caculations and taxes paid, but not where it should be on line 7.  Should I delete the w-2 and reenter it?  

You are supposed to enter your W-2 income in the Personal Taxes tab, Wages and Income (not the Business tab).  


I only need to enter K-1 info and file.  

Open your tax return.  In the search field just type k-1 and then choose to jump to that section of the interview. TT will walk you through entering the data.To enter taxes paid:\n\nFederal Taxes tab (Personal in the Home & Business version)\nDeductions and Credits\n\nIll Choose What I Work On or Continue (whichever shows up)\nscroll to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\nthen, Paid with Extension\n\n  


I'm a driver for Uber and i'm not sure if I have to pay estimated quarterly taxes or not. How do I find out?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169441-can-turbotax-figure-my-estimated-taxes-for-2016  


I would like to move forward with out the charge of 29.99  

After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?  


I did get earned income credit. Or I may be backwards. I was told I should have gotten earned income credit. I'm not sure, I just know I have been told I should have qualified to get money back on my son and I only got back less than $400  

Child Tax CreditThere are actually two credits (or two parts to the Child Tax Credit) to consider. The Child Tax Credit, available only for a child 16 or under at the end of the tax year, is a non-refundable credit that can be used only to offset tax. You get only enough child tax credit to reduce your tax to zero, up to a maximum of $1,000 per child. If your other deductions and credits have reduced your tax to zero when the child tax credit is calculated, you do not get any child tax credit. However, if you don't get the full Child Tax Credit, and you have at least $3,000 in earned income, you may qualify for the Additional Child Tax Credit which is a refundable credit. Turbotax automatically determines whether you qualify for the ACTC and calculates the amount for you. 


Why am I not able to view my completed tax return? It only shows that I just joined TurboTax.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I'd like an explanation and/or refund of the fee for that return.  

This is a user discussion forum; TT Support is closed until Tuesday.A math error can occur when something is entered wrong in the return, or omitted from it. Look at the OR letter carefully, what exactly did they change?  And which tax year?  


I was never able to submit my online return for 2014 due to a fraudulent return in my name, i got it cleared and the irs told me to go ahead and resubmit my return, they said i could do it through turbo tax but i have no idea how  

A 2014 return can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed using TurboTax.If you completed the 2014 return using the TurboTax online and paid for either Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business, then you can download the PDF of the return and mail it to the IRS.  See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOr if you did not complete the return using the 2014 online editions and need to complete and file the return then see this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb... 


[[PII Removed.....any telephone calls you may get, due to telling the world your name/address/telephone number, are NOT from Turbotax]][]thank you  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.  


I need to send the 5471 asap as I live in Canada and it needs to reach the IRS center by June 15th with my tax return.  Just want to know if I need to send an amended return because of my mistake, or if I can just send the printed e-filed 1040 I've already completed.  

TurboTax does not support Form 5471 Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Certain Foreign Corporations.  


payments in 2013 and 2014  

Use this TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp  


I did my taxes through Turbo Tax for 2013 return.  My information has not changed and it is through the same email.  It is not located in my current Turbo Tax info.  

Is it possible that you are logging in with a different User ID and therefore, you are not finding your return?To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you could end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery  


MY HARDDRIVE HAD TO BE REPLACED  

Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download  


I want to know what happened.  I need the refund.  If you failed to file the return, what do you do next to rectify this disaster?  

You left your message at approx 10:30 pm Eastern time on Saturday, May 28, 2016. Per the IRS Wheres My Refund:This service will be unavailable from approximately 6 p.m. Eastern time on Saturday, May 28, 2016, until approximately 7 a.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 31, 2016, due to planned maintenance.https://www.irs.gov/refundsThat may be why they found no record.  


It will not let me sign in because it cant display challenge  

You will need to reach out to our support team:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041They can work with you to determine what is happening. 


self employed 1099, and I don't get why banks don't look at the gross income  

I agree. Dont even go there.And be aware that you are required to claim all of your business expenses.  


Hi, I didn't put the IRA contribution when filing in Turbotax as line 32 in 1040 was result as empty. Now I remember as the trustee sent me the form 5498. How do I correct such? Thanks for detail answer first!  

First review your return ... if you entered the IRA contribution in the program and it wasnt deductible then a form 8606 would have been completed.If you didnt enter the timely made IRA contribution then you can amend your filed tax return to add that deduction or if you havent filed you can make the correction now then file. First review your return ... if you entered the IRA contribution in the program and it wasnt deductible then a form 8606 would have been completed.If you didnt enter the timely made IRA contribution then you can amend your filed tax return to add that deduction or if you havent filed you can make the correction now then file. To learn more about amending your tax return, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-returnClick the tax year you need to amend for specific instructions.        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012  


From June 1997 till January 31, 2016 my wife and I rented out a single family home, which was our primary residence before June 1997, in a suburb of Dallas, Texas.  The renters vacated the rental on January 31, 2016 and since February 1, 2016 the home has undergone a renovation, in fact I am still working on it.  We want to convert it from a rental to a second home but continue to live in our current primary residence.  Can this be done for this tax year (2016).   We want to hold it as our second home for at least two years, till Feb 1, 2018, at which time we may want to sell.   Would we have any problems with any IRS rules and can Turbo Tax handle this type of situation...........  

That will do you no good. There is no tax advantage to selling a 2nd home. Only the sale of your primary home qualifies for a tax exclusion.The gain on the sale of a 2nd home is taxable, but a loss is not deductible and the depreciation taken while a rental  still must be recaptured (taxed). Its complicated, but TurboTax can handle it. Even so, you may want to consider professional tax help 


Thank you  

If you need Form 2555 (or 2555-EZ), and Form 1040, which are not available in the regular Free Edition, you would need to upgrade to Deluxe.  However, you may be able to use the other free product--the FREEDOM Edition--if you meet the income qualification or one of the other qualifications.TurboTax has two free products.   The other free product FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition) can prepare a Form 1040, Form 2555/2555-EZ, and other forms that the regular Free Edition cannot.  It is free for both Federal AND State.  There is no efiling fee.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\n\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\n\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (may require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition  


I need to speak to a human please!!  

TurboTax Support is closed for the holiday weekend, but will reopen on Tuesday.  Ill tell you how to phone them below.In the meantime, if you want to ask your question in this forum, then use the link below.  In the first box summarize your question title.  Lower on the page is a box to provide details.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/newTo be assigned a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.   They will not be open on Monday due to the holiday.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


What is the best way to analyze the difference in income by adjusting my withholdings on my W4? I get a large refund now but want to take more home each month and would like to see what options I have  

You can also try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


I have already filed by 2015 return, and it has been accepted.  I got a large stock distribution from my company, and would like to pre-pay 2016 taxes.  Can I use Turbo Tax to do this?  

Once your 2015 tax return is prepared, please visit:1.     Federal Taxes Tab 2.     Other Tax Situations tab3.     Other Tax Forms, select Form W-4 and Estimated TaxesAt this point, Turbo Tax will ask a series of questions. The first question is in regards to form W4 withholdings. If form W-4 is no longer applicable, select No and continue. Turbo Tax originally calculates estimated taxes based on your 2015 information.  Since your 2016 information is different, please make sure that you make adjustments to your income and deductions so that Turbo Tax can recalculate your estimated payments for 2016.  Otherwise, the estimates will not be accurate and you will under or overpay. To do so, please answer Yes to Do you want to adjust your income and deductions? and continue through the questions. Once you are done, you will be able to print the estimated vouchers.  


I am currently living overseas and will qualify for the foreign tax exclusion.  However, since I left in August, my time out of country does not reach the 330 days until August again.  Is it better to file for an extension or to file for an amended return?  

Yes, file the extension and wait. 


Received changes made to my 2014 tax return 1040EZ stating I owe additional taxes and penalty of $612 dollars from Philadelphia Pennsylvania that need to be paid to Kansas  city, mo.  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I'm out of the US so my tax due date is June 15, how do I know if I could have a late pay penalty and a late pay interest based on April 15 for my owe tax?  Do I calculate it by myself or will get a bill/notice from IRS then pay ?  

After you complete your tax return and pay the taxes owed, the IRS will send you a bill in the mail for any penalties and/or interest you owe.  


If IRS would send a notice/bill to me if I have something wrong on my 2014 tax, by mail or e-mail?  

The IRS will only correspond with a taxpayer through the US mail.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I do the taxes for both of us and have been using Turbotax online for years.  Can I just add this to our current account?  Also, I do some consulting on the side.  Can the bundle be used for 2 people?  

I do know the one bundle gets you one tax return which can be a jointly filed return.  It will only handle one business at this time so if you both have a business only one may use the SE program.  Or you can use one of the other Quickbooks programs.  


I tried another US card. This card has my foreign address on it, however the card information does not accept foreign address.  Please advise.  

You may have to get a friend or relative in the US to send you a CD/DVD of the software, and then file it that way.  Or, perhaps a US friend or family member will permit you to use their credit card to pay the TT online fees.  


why I haven't I received my state return?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf it was, then check your state tax authority website for the status.  


I run a handmade shop on Etsy so all my items are made to order, I do not house any inventory. Thanks!  

Inventory or goods manufactured for sale is valued at cost, not retail value.If you sell something for $1 but after shop credit only charge $0.90, then you report $0.90 as income, as that was your actual sales price.  


I have been living overseas since August 2015.  I don't have the necessary documents to file my taxes.  How do I file for the 6 month extension?  I know I already receive a 2 month extension, but need the 6 month.  Please offer specific details to help if you can.  

You need to file for an extension before your return is delinquent.  If you had an automatic 60 days extension for being overseas, you need to request an additional extension on or before June 15, 2016 [corrected date]. See comments below. 


I need help calculating my mortgage interest from 2013 taxes.....  

Didnt you get a 1098 for that year?  What did you enter in your tax return? See lines 10-11 of Schedule A.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f1040sa--2013.pdf 


I thought I would be able to deduct a portion of my premiums as well as my mileage. Is this not true or do I enter it somewhere else?  

As Critter indicated above, only the interest portion is deductible.  Since you are trying to recreate a Schedule C that someone else prepared, please do so very carefully.  Your other option is to do the rest of your return manually, and mail it with the already prepared Schedule C (and presumably Schedule SE).  


Filed and excepted on 4/19/16 received a  letter faxed IRS info and it still says processing on the IRS web and on Turbo excepted  

Was it a letter re Form 8962?  Other users have reported several weeks after sending the required info to the IRS.  


I do not have a US address. I am a dual-national by accident, left the US at the age of 3 and have been living in Switzerland since 1969.I need to file US taxes, but I am not allowed to pay for / use the turbotax software.I do not have relatives in the US. I do not have a bank account in the US. I do not have a Credit Card registered to me at a US address.I spent hours filling all the questions thinking I might then be able to print the return and file it by snail mail.Why does Intuit Turbotax not want my money?PS: I owe zero (0) tax and will not get a refund. Even if I got a refund, it would come to me by check, so I cant use the Refund option.  

You are posting on a user discussion forum, but your point is well taken; as are difficulties foreign users have contacting TT Support by telephone, since not everyone has easy access to Skype.You may have to get a friend or relative in the US to send you a CD/DVD of the software, and then file it that way.  Or, perhaps a US friend or family member will permit you to use their credit card to pay the TT online fees.  


Help tells you that you get an auto extension until 15 Jun to file if living outside of the US...but does not tell you how to attach the required statement nor does TT ask you when efiling.  How does one attach the statement?  

We got a response from TurboTax. The response is that TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement.  


state refund in MA is not calculating correctly.  it is approx. $500 too high.  I can fix it but when I go to file it reverts to wrong amount.  Very frustrating.  

Any additional taxes you paid the nonresident state in 2016 (even if for 2015 taxes) cannot be claimed on your resident state 2015 amended return. You will claim them on your resident state 2016 return filed in early 2017.  


Hi, I need to get a detailed invoice/payment receipt for TurboTax service ($86.59) as I am submitting it for reimbursement. I have received a support upon payment, but it did not include tax portion. Thanks.  

After signing in to online return, select Tools from the My Account drop-down list in the upper right corner.In the pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My Fees) to get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges. However, I dont think it includes the states sales tax.  


I had purchased 2014 Turbotax Delux Online and then paid for upgrading it. My computer had crashed and I do not have the software any more. I need to print a portion the tax return again. How best can I get the software installed on my computer again with out having to pay for it yet another time.  Thanks  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


If I select the option of not filing last year and that "we'll put a 0 for you" does that negate me putting a zero in some other place. The most recent time my return got rejected I did that and still nothing has worked  

Stop the madness ... if entering a zero for the 2014 AGI & leaving the 2014 PIN blank will not work then concede defeat and mail in the return. 


I have used TurboTax 3 years in a row and I need to amend taxes for all three years. No issues w/ 2013 and 2015. However, the desktop softward (Deluxe version) is trying to make me purchase the state forms again. I paid once and should not have to pay again; seems like a technical glitch. I've spent hours on this issue now (reinstalling, etc.).  Very frustrated. How to fix w/o paying state fee again?  At this point doubt that I will be a future customer.  

Please call TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday.  


My state and federal taxes were never withdrawn from my checking account. I know the information I submitted was correct since I also used that same method to pay Turbotax. Turbotax took the payment, however, my taxes were never withdrawn from my account. Also, there were enough funds. Where do I go from here? Can I just make another payment using turbotax?  

You can pay Federal here:https://www.irs.gov/payments  


She has dementia and is not able to write checks herself for common living expenses - rent, medical, utilities, etc. I write the checks and her Trust fund reimburses me. I dont know why that needs to be reported as income, but I do need to make sure.  

It is not taxable and would not be reported as income.I dont know why that needs to be reported as incomeIt doesnt - has someone told you it does, or issued a Form 1099?  


I have paid for 2012, 2013 and 2014 and entered info but never filed. I have begun 2015 but need to access and change my return info in prior years, I already purchased. I am on Mac. How do I do that?  

You can no longer do that using TT online. Call TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday to see about getting the 2012, 2013, and 2104 desktop MAC software.  Be sure to tell them you already paid for TT online those years.  


Just starting the online version and it just loads no options are working from the menu .  I have tried to load it more than once and have reloaded page  

Try a different internet browser.  Also close all other unnecessary programs and files. 


Or will I need to file for the S Corp separately 1st?  

You must do the S Corp return first. This requires TT Business (not Home and Business);https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/Once the K1 has been issued, to enter it in the Home & Business version, go toPersonalPersonal IncomeChoose  Ill choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Business Investment and Estate/Trust IncomeSchedule K-1 - Click the Start or Update buttonBe sure to pick the right kind of K-1. There are 3 kinds, 1041, 1065 & 1120S https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/s-corporations  


So should I wait until the IRS are done with this outage or go ahead and use the 3rd party companies they have listed? Also, where can I look to find the type Federal form I am using to file my taxes on?  

IRS Direct Pay is only down until Tuesday morning (May 31), so I would wait and pay then.https://www.irs.gov/payments/direct-pay  


I started my 2015 tax return and have put in most income items, but I can't seem to find it on line?  

Sign onto your online account using\nthis TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\n\n\n  


I have the final number listed on my form but can't access the individual amounts I entered on Turbotax.  

While in your 2013 return,Go to the Personal taxes tab (or Federal, if you used something other than TT H&B that year), Deductions and Credits; Charitable.  Or did you import from ItsDeductible?  


didnt receivemy MO state refund due to rejection of all my Itemized deductions. letter statesneed pages 1,2 of federal return, schedule A and MO-A what does this mean?  

MO wants you to mail them copies of the first two pages of your Federal return (form 1040), Federal Schedule A, and Missouri Schedule A.  


Reimbursement will be $5250 non-taxed for 2016, total spent will be $14,000 leaving $8,750.  Can I write off the $8750?  

Yes, the $8750 can be used to claim an education credit, assuming you otherwise qualify (normal college courses do).If the education is work related* (e.g. a manager taking business courses) you may be able to also claim a job expense. For example, it only takes $4000 of expenses to claim the American opportunity Credit (the most generous credit). That would leave $4750 that could be claimed as job expenses.*The\ngeneral rule is: Educational expenses to improve your current job skills are\ndeductible. But learning a new job is not.  


The online tool just says checking for accuracy. My return was accepted mid April.  

All you can do is call MN and ask.http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/individ_income/Documents/IIT%20process%20at%20DOR.pdf  


This question shows up after entering the W-2 information under the subheading "Wages and Income"  

Did you work for a state or local Government?  


I need a copy of my 2015 taxes  

No, only you have access to your own return.  You can email it if you like however it is not a secure way to send a tax return.         Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\n  


My wife has been providing long term care for her mother the entire 2015 calendar year.  Are expenses or loss income deductable from 2015 joint income tax return?  

Sorry, but there is no deduction for income that you didnt receive.  You just report the amount that you did receive.  


Who should I contact to get this corrected?  

Did you use the formal Invite-a-Friend promotion to send your friend a\n special link, and did the friend complete a 2015 online return using \nthe special link they were emailed?If so, you should receive your email with the Amazon e-certificate approx. 45 days after the friend filed.The TurboTax Invite-a-Friend program:http://share.turbotax.intuit.com/turbotax/Terms and conditions:http://share.turbotax.intuit.com/turbotax/iaftoc.htmlIf its been 45 days, and you have not received your Amazon gift card, please see the information and contact link that a TurboTax Moderator provided another user in the similar thread below:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3361556-i-believed-i-should-be-receiving-a-10-gift-card-for-amazon...  


looks like I haven't been able to subtract any of my expenses and so my taxes due are high, any body knows if i have to pay a fee in this web in order for me to add expenses?  

Go to the Business tab to enter your business income and expenses.  


This mistake was a result of your program transferring data from my Federal return to the state. I need this corrected since I received a letter from State of PA.  

Have you actually looked at the PA tax return that was filed, and verified that?  Or is PA saying they cannot document the PA taxes withheld that you claimed?  This may be because the issuer did not send PA a copy of that W-2 or 1099 form.Open your Federal return, and check your W-2 and 1099 data entry.  


What happens next? How long will take?  

Once the IRS actually issues your refund and it bounces back, they will mail you a check. Plan on two weeks from that point.  


I had a job that paid poorly for the first 3 months of 2015 and was on Obamacare. I then got a job that paid well and had health insurance through the company. It appears that Form 8962 is penalizing me by taking back all of the the advance payment of PTC based on my annual income and not just the income for the first 3 months of the year. Is this correct?  

Sadly that is correct.  It is one of the unfortunate consequences to having the credit based on the total annual income and not a monthly calculation.  


I've been trying to pay at the end of preparing my online filing, and this annoying message keeps coming up.  

See if this FAQ has info in it that you can use:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


so when I did 8962 as you said I printed(so far good) then I realized they're asking for form 1040 page #2. you had not that yet filed. I looked all over and Couldn't. Then I ended up filing again  

If you efiled twice, the second efile will be rejected.  


I already filed my 2015 return im just trying to upgrade to the deluxe version for 29.99 so i can print my 2015 return and it wont let me upgrade without filing my whole 2015 return over again and i also cant get the proce of 29.99 its trying to make me pay 54.99 how do i fix this problem?  

You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down. 


I have received a letter from the Commonwealth of Virginia stating:Form(s) W-2, Form(s) 1099, and/or Schedule inc were not received with the return copy of the other states tax return was not received for credit  tax paid to another state. I cant find any documents from when I filled my taxes through turbotax and now I don't know what to do to retrieve this information again.What exactly should I be doing to fix this?  

Virginia has been asking for a number of people to prove they paid taxes to another state.TTX transmits that information you provided, but Virginia can still ask for proof of the other states withholding, and can ask for an actual copy of that other states tax returns fi they are uncomfortable with the claims you made for taxes paid to another state....it happens...So...you need to print out a copy of your tax returns, the tax return for the other state is critical.  Then you need yoru actual copies of any W-2 forms, or 1099 forms which show withholding for VA or the Other state, plus any proof of any payments you made to that other state....and mail them in to whatever address they provided in their letter.Note that these W-2 and 1099 forms are not what you entered into the software....they want the actual paper forms that those providers sent to you.________________________You print out your forms simply by logging into the Exact Same account that you filed from.......if you dont see your tax returns in your current login...then you have logged into the Wrong account..Put your email address into this tool, and TTX will send you a list of all accounts that used that email address...then go find the right one:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/good luck  


How do I log out and come back to finish on 6.1?  

Just Click on (My Account) and select (Save & Sign Out), TurboTax will save your Tax Return and that exits or logs you out.  


I just need to upgrade to the deluxe version so i can print my 2015 tax return immediately i need it for May 31, 2016 please help me  

You do not need to upgrade to download a PDF of your 2015 return completed using the online editions.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Hi, I formed a sole proprietor LLC. I want to use your tax preparation service for both my LLC and personal tax. I already have an account and it is linked to my personal tax preparation. What is the best way to do this?  

I assume that when you say sole proprietor LLC you mean a single-member LLC, with you as the only member (owner). I also assume that you have not filed an election with the IRS (Form 2553 or 8832) to have the LLC treated as a corporation for income tax purposes. If those assumptions are correct, then the LLC is disregarded for income tax purposes. Its called a disregarded entity. That means its the same as if you were self-employed, or in business for yourself, without an LLC. The LLC does not file a separate tax return. You report the income and expenses of the LLC as business income and expenses on your personal tax return. The business income and expenses will be shown on a Schedule C included in your personal Form 1040 tax return. You will (most likely) have to upgrade to TurboTax Home & Business to enter your business information.By the way, TurboTax is not a tax preparation service. They do not prepare your tax return for you. Its a tax preparation tool that guides you through preparing and filing your tax return yourself.  


I can't make this stop in Smart Check, even by deleting zeros in the box  

Box 9a, percent of total distribution, is generally used when a 1099-R distribution is split between more \n than one person. This is unusual, and if it was empty on the form you received, you can leave it blank in TurboTax.Option 1. You should leave box 9a blank in TurboTax if that section is blank/missing on your 1099-R. Click in the box and hit the backspace/delete buttons several times (or hold them down) to make sure the box is really empty. Option 2. If you are unable to leave the space empty \n (if you receive an error message), then you will need to delete and \n manually re-enter the form. Here are the steps to do that: \nWhile logged into your tax return, use the search box to search for 1099-r (without the quotation marks)\nClick on Jump to 1099-R if it appears.\nIf you have already entered a 1099-R you will come to a summary \n screen. Click delete next to the 1099-R you wish to delete. Confirm \n that yes, you want to delete.\n\nYou will be taken back to the 1099-R summary screen. Select Add a 1099-R and then Ill type it in myself\nEnter the information and leave box 9a blank when you get to that part. \nOption 3. If none of the above works and the program still isnt accepting a blank, go ahead and enter 100 here, (if the 1099-R was not distributed among others also- since you received 100% of the distribution). This work-around should resolve the problem.  


The amount was denied by the IRS so it is not available for my 2015 return.  The amount was imported from last years return.  Thank you in advance.  

If it is applying your last year's refund to this year and you need to remove it  Go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page scroll down to 2014 Refund Applied to 2015Click Start or Update and then delete the amount  


Read this NRA thing will not work for e-filing my return. Dont want to purchase a Deluxe version to find out I will have to do all the work on paper after all.  

You can use the program to complete the return however you will need to mail in the return since your spouse doesnt have a SS or ITIN.   To get thru the program use 999-99-9999 for the SS# then white it out and write NRA on the paper return before you mail it.  


PURCHASED STATE - NO BLUE DOWNLOAD ARROW - CANT ACCESS IT. PURCHASED HOME & BIZ TURBO TAX EARLIER TODAY. HELP?  

The state is included in the 2014 H & B program so install and update the program then choose your state program when you get to the state tab. .https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302070  


My business accountant recommended that I make sure I take into account the basis limitation worksheet portion of the K-1. I keyed the K-1 information in as shown on the Form 1120S. Does Turbo Tax automatically take into account the basis limitation worksheet portion?  

As a shareholder you should be tracking your basis in your investment, unless the accountant is doing this for you and that is what was referred to as the basis limitation worksheet.If that is the case, I am assuming that this individual is saying you are not at-risk for all the losses that are being passed through to you.  If you are not at-risk, you need to respond to the question in the interview screens that asks this specific question.  By answering this question, TT should then ask additional questions that will complete form 6198. This form will track any losses that should be suspended due to the basis limitation. 


I filed 2015 federal and state taxes in early April 2016.  In May 2016, my state Dept of Revenue notified me that I omitted to include an estimated tax payment I made in 2015.  Error in my favor; the state changed my return and increased my refund.  Do I need to amend my federal return to reflect that I paid more in estimated 2015 state income tax?  I started the Amended return on TurboTax and entered the corrected estimated payments, and TurboTax showed that I should get a higher state refund (which already happened), but did not show that my federal return changed at all.  Does that mean I don't need to amend my federal return?Thank you,Dallas  

If you didnt itemize deductions then nothing on the federal return will change so amending it is not needed.  


After going into TT to amend my return, I do not know how to reflect the Schedule C loss onto Line 12 of the 1040.  Does anyone know which path to take in order to reflect that on Line 12?  

Yep, box 32b did it.  If you have money not at risk you can not take a loss on schedule C. If you don't know what it means then probably All your Investment is at Risk (check Box 32a). It means you are using your own money for the business.  To change the At Risk box 32 on Schedule CGo to Business tab-ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on ThenBusiness Income and Expenses- Click the Start or Update buttonYou should see the Business Summary page that lists your businessesThen click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.Scroll down to Final Details - Click Edit by Special SituationsMake sure the 6th box on the next screen is BLANK. It says...I have money invested in this business that I'm not at risk of losing.  And if you don't have any other boxes on that screen checked then click the last box for None of the above.Then hit Done on the Summary screen which will bring you back to the Topic listing and hit Continue at bottom.Then you will get a Business Summary screen listing your business - Click DoneThen you will see the Topic listing again but this time it should say Done with Business at the bottom.Am I At Risk?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3126796-is-my-business-investment-at-riskCheck Box 32b Not at Risk, if you have amounts invested in this business for which you are not at risk, such as the following:---Non-recourse loans used to finance the business---Cash, property or borrowed amounts used in the business that are protected against loss by a guarantee, stop-loss agreement, or other similar arrangement (excluding casualty insurance and insurance against tort liability).---Amounts borrowed for use in the business from a person who has an interest in the business, other than as a creditor.  


I payed for 2015 estate tax that was very expensive.  Now I have no access......what's the deal?  

More details are necessary so we can understand your issue..You wrote:  Now turbo tax says I have to pay again.Pay for what again?  The TurboTax product fees?   For which product--and is it the online (website) or desktop (CD/download) version?You wrote:  I paid for 2015 estate tax that was very expensive...Did you mean 2015 estate tax or  2015 estimated tax?   Are you working on a personal tax return, or did you purchase the desktop Business Edition to prepare an estate tax return?You wrote:  Now I have no access....What are you experiencing?  Are you using Online TurboTax and cant find your account or return?NOTE: If you are not using online TurboTax, the following will not apply to you.  I mention it here because I dont know what product you are using.  If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I have some ESPP and RSU stocks that I am considering gifting to my parents.  What are the tax implications?I have owned the ESPP shares for more than the two year window.  From what I read, the gifting will be treated as qualifying disposition.  I need to report compensation income.  Here are some hypothetical numbers:Lower of market price on offering date and market price when bought: $15Discount: 15%Market price when gifted: $40What would be the cost basis for my parents?  What is their acquire date?  If they sell immediately, do they have long term capital gain?  What is the value of the gift for my gift tax purpose?For the RSU shares, they are vested and the brokerage already deducted shares for taxes.  Is my parents' cost basis the market price when I got the RSU shares?  Is their acquire date the date when I got the RSU shares?  What is the value of the gift for my gift tax purpose?  

Gift taxes can affect the basis of gifts received.  However, since the lifetime exclusion is now over $5,000,000 Ill assume that gift taxes do not play a role in this case.As to the ESPP shares, you are correct; you need to recognize the compensation element in connection with your Qualifying Disposition.  For Gift Tax purposes the fair market value of $40 is the correct figure to use.  For your parents income tax purposes their holding period begins when you acquired the shares and their basis is the sum of your actual out of pocket costs + the compensation created by the disposition.  (The compensation is the lesser of the discount percentage applied to the grant date market value or the actual profit of selling price minus actual out of pocket cost.)  So, given the numbers youve used, they would recognize LTCG.As to the RSU shares for Gift Tax purposes the fair market value at the date of the gift - that same $40 I assume - is used.Since youve not mentioned your basis in these shares the basis used by your parents when they sell is, potentially, different than yours, though there holding period, as before, begins when you acquired the shares.If the FMV of the stock on the date of the gift exceeds your basis, then they use your basis.If the FMV of the stock on the date of the gift is less than your basis then their basis could be:The same as your if they sell for more than your basis.The FMV at the date of the gift if they sell for less than the FMV at the date of the gift.The same as their proceeds if they sell for less than your basis but more than the FMV at the date of the gift.Tom Young  


I filed an extension for both federal and state. Now I am trying to finish my taxes. The program asked "Are you filing late?" and I didn't know what to answer. How do I enter in the program the fact that I filed extensions? I filed extensions for both state and federal. Do I enter those differently? Also how do I enter if I paid money as part of state or federal extension?  

You only need to enter any amounts you paid with the extensions.  Then file your returns as normal.If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paidPay attention to which year you are entering for a State Extension payment.  A prior year state extension payment is also deductible on the federal return so be sure to enter it here.To get the amount paid on a state extension to show up on the state returnWhen you are done updating your federal return, you need to transfer the new federal information by going back through the state tab and the state return. Nothing will change until you transfer the fed info to the state again.  


TurboTax is not giving me a Credit for Childcare and Dependent Care expenses (1040 line 49).  This is presumably because the instructions for Form 2441 state that you deduct "Excluded as foreign earned income (including any housing exclusion) on Form 2555, line 43, or Form 2555-EZ, line 18," for the calculation of Earning Income in Form 2441 Lines 4 and 5 and all of my earned income is excluded as foreign earned income.  However, for previous years my tax preparer did not do this deduction in Form 2441 and apparently the IRS was perfectly fine with it.  Should I still be able to get the deduction?  

No. IRS Pub. 503, on page 5 clearly states that foreign income is not considered to be earned income for purposes of the child and dependent care credit.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p503.pdf  


Im a self-employed, non-US citizen running a consultancy in my home country. However, because I met the Substantial Presence Test for 2015, Im filing taxes in the US, in addition to my home country. I made healthcare fund contributions in my own country. Are these contributions deductible for US taxes?  

No I dont think so!!  


The deceased passed away 7/21/2015.Do I use the fiscal year and if so what month should it end?Thanks  

\n\nThat is a choice the executor makes ...but it is easiest to keep it on a calendar year to keep in line with the tax reporting forms. The estates tax year begins on the date on which the deceased person died. You, as executor, can file the estates first income tax return (which may well be its last) at any time up to 12 months after the death. The tax period must end on the last day of a month. If you file in any month except December, the estate has whats called a fiscal tax year instead of a calendar tax year.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1041.pdf  


I have been residing outside US for past few years. I have been receiving K1 from my employer. I need to file my K1 for 2015. My tax consultant has been filing using paper forms for past year and said that June 15 2016 is the due date for filing 2015 tax return (as I am not resident). Please let me know which version of TurboTax I should buy and whether I can file my tax return online for both state and Federal. Thanks a lot for your help!  

If you are not a US citizen or Resident, you can not use TurboTax.  TurboTax is not able to prepare Nonresident tax returns.  Sorry.  


two related question topics:1) I started my 2015 taxes using TurboTax online, then switched to the CD version, but my online account profile wants to complete my 2015 online taxes. How does the account get updated to show my CD usage - including the extension filed?2) My 2014 taxes are missing from my account. I would have used the same account name when I filed, but does that indicate I used the CD version? or some other anomaly?  

Ok ... what you do using the CD version will not ever show in the Online version ... the information doesnt flow in that direction. Since you are using the CD version to file the return you can either ignore the Online account or you can clear the entries if you want.  \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nAs for the 2014 tax file ... if you had used the CD version then only you have that tax information as TT doesnt keep it. You may also have multiple accounts ...Sign onto your online account using this\nTurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


TurboTax added a $175 withholding tax penalty. How do I remove this?I'm a self-employed non-US citizen running a consultancy business based outside of the US. Am filing US taxes only because I met the Substantial Presence Test for 2015. Do withholding taxes apply to me? If not, can I remove this from my filing?  

Yes they apply to you and no you cannot remove them.  In fact the IRS may send an additional bill for interest & penalties based on when you filed and paid the balance due.  


When I filed my taxes for 2015, I owed North Carolina a balance on my state income tax return.  I currently have no allowances that I am claiming on my NC-4EZ form and do not have any additional amount withheld from each of my monthly pay checks other than the standard amount my employer automatically withholds.In order to reduce the possible balance I may owe on next year's state taxes, would it be to my advantage to increase my withholding on each paycheck (e.g., to indicate an additional amount to be withheld on line 2 of the NC-4EZ) beyond the amount that my employer already withholds from my paycheck each month for NC taxes?  

Absolutely....thats the best way to do it.  Due to other income I had that didnt have any NC taxes withheld, I did that for my W-2 job and it got me close to break-even on my NC tax return.  AND, its easier to take small amounts out of every paycheck, instead of having to remember to pay larger amount with Quarterly-Estimated tax payments to NC.Go ahead and file a new NC-4EZ with that extra amount added in on line 2.   Keep an eye on the total withheld once it is implemented, just in case the employer didnt really apply that zero allowances on your initial NC-4EZ.  You can always readjust a couple months later  


Hey is there anyway i can receive a copy of my amendment return also original return from my tax preparer turbo account?  

If you prepared the returns yourself and did not save a copy of your original return to your computer before amending, you will not be able to print that original return. The amended return replaces the original.Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer.  


In completing the form 2555 you must record any travel you made to the US, and state how many days were on business.  The website does not allow you to enter zero and forces a minimum value of one, which is just false (and not consistent with the instructions on the paper form).  Are Turbo Tax planning to fix this error soon?  

Just delete that value and leave the box empty. The developers were informed about this problem, so I guess it will be fixed for next year the latest.  


I ordered a download not a CD.  If necessary, can you send me a CD?  

The CD has both the Windows and Mac programs on it.  The download is only for one.  Since you bought the download you can call in (tomorrow) and ask if they can switch you to the Windows program and/or send you the CD.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I gave up on her, as she has no time to follow up with me. So now I am filing my 2015 tax returns late. I lived in Korea in 2015 but don't know how to report this on TurboTax because they only ask for a W-2. I didn't get a W-2. Please help.  

To report foreign earned income you will have to upgrade to the TurboTax Deluxe edition or higher.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeAnd this Support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-for  


NO  

If you efiled them, have you verified that they were accepted using this link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf they were accepted, you can check the status on the IRS and state tax web sites.https://www.irs.gov/refundshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html  


Assume a 14 year old Life Scout is working on his Eagle Scout Service Project building items for the local government Parks Department.  He has no other income, and receives approx. $1500 through a crowd funding website that issues a 1099K. ALL of the website funds are used to benefit the charitable org. (local Govt).  Is the Scout\nrequired to file a 1040?  Assuming the total amount is Tax Deductible, will there be any resulting tax liability after\ndeducting the $1500 as a charitable contribution?  

Without knowing the details, my opinion is yes, he needs to file a tax return but no, there will not be any Federal taxes due.Assuming that he has no other income, the $1500 of Itemized Deductions will result in $0 of taxable income, which means no Federal Tax will be due.  State taxes vary, but in most (maybe all) cases there will also be no State taxes.  


I do I download previous tax records  

You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I would like to use Turbotax. Filing from the UK with UK address and credit/debit card. Is this possible?  

See this TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees  


the bank acct listed hasn't exists in over a year so where did my money go? I never got a check or letter saying anything about the deposit  

Who shows you should have gotten it?  TT refund dates are just estimates, so check the IRS website.Once the IRS actually issues your refund and it bounces back, they will mail you a check within about 2 weeks.  


Yes, your account screens are difficult to navagate-- cant find my prior purchases!!!  

See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2966989-updates-and-state-won-t-download-my-computer-locks-up  


It will not allow me to type the two letters that are at the beginning of the number.  

An EIN (issued by the IRS) has numbers only, not letters. Are you trying to enter some state or business license number by mistake?  


We created our information using W2's.  They have those and we don't understand what else they need.  

What did they ask you for?  Paper copies of your W-2 forms? They may not have received a copy from your employer(s), and need to verify the amounts you submitted electronically.Call the IRS is you need further info on what exactly they want.  


I have had business losses, rental property losses and capital gain losses for the last 3 years. These losses have just been accumulating. I also am planning on a Roth Conversion in 2016, where I could transfer funds from my tax-deferred IRA and do a Trustee-to-Trustee transfer to a Roth IRA.Normally, this Roth conversion would be taxed. I need to know whether Turbo Tax will be able to handle this transaction and be able to offset this taxable income (as a result of this ROTH conversion) and take into account all or some of my past carryover losses and end up with me not any paying tax.  

Roth conversion income is ordinary income, not capital gains income. Capital losses can offset Roth conversion income only up to $3,000 a year.  Also, the following article is a few years old, but may be helpful:http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/passive-losses-offset-roth-conversion.aspx  


My personal use 2nd home/vacation home is being sold at a loss, how is this reported to IRS?  

Unfortunately, because its a personal (second) home, the loss isnt deductible.\n\nFrom Turbotaxs FAQ on how to report\nthe sale of a second home, vacation home, inherited home or land:\n\nWhere do I\nenter the sale of a second home, an inherited home, or land?\n\nThese are entered in the investment\nsection of TurboTax. Follow these instructions:\n\n\n\nIn TurboTax, search for this exact\n     phrase:   sold second home [even if\n     it was just land].\nIn the search results, click Jump to sold\n     second home, which should be at the top of your search results.\nAnswer Yes on the Did You\n     Sell Any Investments? screen. \nIf you get the Summary of All Accounts\n      screen instead, click Add Another Account.Follow the on-screen instructions to\n     completion.\n\n  


My taxes are done now.  Please email me the answer.  

There is no place for that on the VA return. Line 10 of form 760 is for itemized deductions, which includes any charitable contributions you entered in the federal section.Voluntary contributions, from your refund, are entered on schedule (form) VAC (http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/taxforms/income-tax/2015/schedule-vac-2015....), not the main form 760. What you enter on Schedule VAC goes to line 33 of form 760.  


At the time of my Tax filing, I was told that FBAR needs to be filed later. Has it been filed yet or do I have to do anything else to file it?  

To file an FBAR you must go to the US Treasurys  BSA E-Filing System website and complete the online FinCEN Report 114.See this IRS website for information on FBAR reporting - https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/report-of-foreign-bank-and-financial-a...  


I printed and mailed them and they were free.  

Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


The irs took my refund and sent it to child support recovery unit, usually it sits for about 30 days before they release it to them fully, in case it is disputed. This time, they took it back from child support and i have no idea where it is at. I did have to have a taxpayer advocate because there was a about a weeks time where noone knew where my refund was, ended up being i had typed in the wrong acct number on my paperwork for direct deposit, the irs took the money back from child support the same day that they sent me out a paper check. Does anyone know what this means??  

You can also contact the Treasury Departments Bureau\nof Fiscal Services Treasury Offset Program call center at 800-304-3107 or TDD\n866-297-0517, Monday through Friday 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. CST.  They handle offsets for the IRS.  


I want a copy of my Federal, Alabama, & South Carolina income tax returns for my files.  However, when I print my 2015 returns, it only prints the Alabama return which was not filed electronically.  How do I obtain a copy of my Federal and South Carolina returns for my records?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I want to help my mother use TurboTax for first time (I have used it for years). We both have Vanguard accounts, and that is how I access TT. My mother filed for an extension for 2015 taxes; how can we access TurboTax for Federal 2015 tax filing? I want to make this as simple for her as possible, preferably linked to Vanguard where all her accounts are.  

Yes, she can open her  own TT Account, but cannot import from Vanguard in TT Free, so shell need to upgrade.  


I am an individual in an unfortunate and unique tax circumstance. The situation can be described as being a wishful thinker for success and having an utter fear of tax inequality and maltreatment from the IRS. (Before I didnt quite know why I had such a fear of the IRS, but now I know that this angst stems from my step-dad who is a retired IRS tax auditer and not the greatest step-dad.)Todays date is May 30, 2016.2008 return filed (on time) Apr, 2009. ($4,000 taxes paid on income from Schedule-C)2009 return filed (on time w/ extension) Sep, 2010. ($20,000 taxes paid on income from Schedule-C)2010 return filed (late) Dec 2013. (NOL around -$25,000 from loss from Schedule-C)2011 return filed (late) Dec 2013. (NOL around -$7,000 from loss from Schedule-C)2012 return filed (late) Jan 2014. ($3,000 taxes paid)2013 return filed (on time) Apr 2014. ($500 taxes paid)2014 return filed (late) Apr 2015. ($1,000 taxes paid)I am a sole proprietor who lost everything due to the great recession of 2008-2009.I run a business and have filed nearly all returns very late. The reason for filing the returns late is encompassed by the fact that I was going bankrupt year after year I couldnt handle the stress of putting together all of the information required to file an accurate return. I also believed that when there was a loss, that there was no reason to file a return.I filed anyway, no matter how late.I ended up filing the returns with a business loss because a friend informed me that I could carry forward all of the loss I had acquired for Expenses for Business Use of Your Home from IRS tax form 8829.NOL and carrybackMy 2010 and 2011 returns both have a significant NOL. I would love to carry the losses back to 2008 and 2009. Based on the dates of the returns and amounts, how would this carryback be computed? I have learned that I cannot file IRS Form 1045 (Application for Tentative Refund) because that statute expired within one year of the NOL for 2010 and 2011.Should I file form 1040X for 2008 to apply NOL from 2010? Should I file 1040X for 2009 to apply NOL from 2010?What can I do with the NOL from 2011?I would love to get some insight into all of the statute of limitations that would apply to my circumstance. Is this a common circumstance that certified tax preparers deal with? I would like to take this to a tax professional but I cannot afford the $1,500 fee / $2,000 fee that two preparers have quoted me unless I know that I can get some money back from the NOLs to be able to afford the accountants.  

Unfortunately, your time has expired.You would have needed to amend your 2008 return by April 15th, 2014 to use your 2010 NOL.You would have needed to amend your 2009 return by April 15th, 2015 to use your 2011 NOL.If you paid $4000 and $20,000 in taxes paid in 2008 and 2009, it seems like your total income for 2008 and 2009 are over $32,000 (the total of your NOLs), so none of it would roll into your 2012 tax return.  Sorry. 


how can I find a copy of my extension?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for printing an extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th...  


Hi.  Ive been reading the article on home selling, here: (https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Home-Ownership/Tax-Aspects-of-Home-Ownership--Selling....  Its very good, but appears to have logically conflicting definitions of the concept of Profit:  In the section Do I have to report the home sale on my return, it seems to indicate that Profit is the same as the sale price: The sale price is $250,000 or less. However, the end of the following section indicates the profit is the same as the Gain  Lets say you bought a house for $50,000 in 1993, sold it for $75,000 in 1996, and postponed the tax on the $25,000 profit....  Which is actually the case? Thanks, --Peter  

For taxes, profit is the amount realized minus adjusted basis.The amount realized is often referred to as the sales price but really is sales price minus costs of sale (such as a real estate commission.)Adjusted basis is original basis minus adjustments such as (in the case of rental property) depreciation.  Original basis depends on how you acquired the property.\nIf acquired by purchase, basis is the original cost and includes purchase expenses such as title transfer and appraisal fees.\nIf acquired by inheritance, basis is the fair market value on the date of death of the decedent.\nIf acquired by gift, basis is the donors basis (in other words, what the donor paid for it carries over to you.\nThe reference to sale price is $250,000 or less only refers to whether the closing agent is required to give you a Form 1099-S and send a copy to the IRS.  Note the amount is under the part about To avoid getting this form . . . .  If you owned the property for two of the prior five years up to $250,000 of profit ($500,000 if married filing jointly) is excluded from income.  If the sale price is $250,000 or less then the profit cant be more than $250,000 if the residence requirement is met.The portion about 1993 and 1996 refers to back when the statute read differently, and gain could be deferred by purchasing a residence of greater cost that the sales price of the old one (e.g., reinvesting the proceeds.) 


I recently became a contracted worker and I attended a conference, paid it out of my pocket in December of 2015, to attend in March of 2016.  It pertains to my career, but I paid my taxes in early February.  I just found out that this conference could have been deducted.  When I file in 2017, can I include that conference purchase?Also, I have decided that Im going to pay my taxes quarterly, and dont know if TurboTax has this option.  This way, everything is in one place and when 2017 rolls around, itll be easy for me to access any information I may need.This is all very new to me and Im just trying to figure it out.  So much information online with language Ive yet to understand.  

I believe you have to setup quarterly filings with the irs but you can file estimated tax easily enough. Write offs all business related expenses go thru the detailed questions on this site it asks you everything.....good luck!!!  


I have called netSpend, they said if I have deactivated my account prior to receiving tax refund, netSpend will send my refund to the agent who process it, which is Turbo Tax?  

Since you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank (or card) fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.   Scroll down a little on the following page to where it says I prepared my return online.http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information  


The c-corp still owns the LLC (which will have an additional owner).  Do i simply sell the assets from the C-corp, and add the assets to the LLC with the same original depreciation schedule?  when i do this on 1/1/15, should there be deprecation for a partial year for the C-Corp and partial year for the LLC? or entire depreciation for the year goes to LLC? if so, how do i stop depreciation from being calculated on C-corp?  

If the assets were owned by the corporation, the C-corporation is selling the assets at Fair Market Value to the LLC/Partnership.  You enter it as a sale, and the corporation would recognize a gain or loss on that sale (actually, the loss may not be recognized due to related party rules).  The LLC/Partnership will start depreciation anew, just like any asset that it purchased.If the assets were already owned by the LLC, it might be different, but Im not sure.  That could even depend on State law, in which case you would want a local tax professional and/or business lawyer.  


Please close my turbo tax account and delete all data  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2957343-close-my-account 


Do I have to fill out a CT W4 and a NY IT-2104? Do I have to withhold NYC tax if I live in CT?  

Please see this:http://www.ct.gov/drs/cwp/view.asp?a=1462&q=266294 


I want to file a form 1444 that exempts me from paying federal taxes if I earned less than $99,0000, but I can't seem to find it on Turbo Tax. ( I shouldn't show any tax due.) Also, I just want to to print and file by mail---not on line. This is why I upgraded---so I can print my 1040 form.  

You can use TurboTax to report Foreign Earned Income and the Exclusion of that income if you are eligible.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-for  


I want to transfer money, about $150,000 from a foreign account under my name, that was reported in recent years through FBAR form, to my account in the US. Are there reporting and taxing requirements for that?  

You do not report the transfer of funds from your overseas account to your US account on a federal tax return.  There is not an IRS reporting requirement for funds transfer from your personal foreign account to your US personal account.  


2015 is also due . figured might be important to do 2014 first  

You cannot use the online\neditions to file a 2014 tax return.  The online editions are only for\ncompleting a 2015 return.\n\nTo complete and file a 2014\ntax return you have be using the TurboTax desktop edition for tax year 2014.\n A 2014 return cannot be e-filed but must be printed and mailed.  Go\nto this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions\n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp\n\nFree forms, schedules and\ninstructions are available for prior year returns at this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html 


I pay money to have TurboTax help file my state taxes.  After entering all of the correct info for my state taxes which TurboTax asked for and they automatically rounded all of the totals, I paid my state taxes. Now i got a letter saying that because i shorted the state $0.17, I have been hit with penalties and fees for $199.58.   All for $0.17 which TurboTax automatically rounded for me.   I though i paid TurboTax to help prevent these errors..........  

Just call the state and tell them that the notice is absurd and both you and the customer service agent can have a good laugh as  they take care of the issue.  Many states have sent these ridiculous letters ( CA is notorious)  and they all fix them usually with just a phone call.  If you want to mail back a response then that is another option.  


Ill also pay approximately 20k for selling my home at ultimately, a loss. Will the 9k a year in depreciation push me into a higher tax bracket, or is that depreciation just taxed at 25% while my regular income is taxed as normal?Will I lose my child tax credits as my total income is pushed above the threshold?  

If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating a test\ncopy: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\nOr use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form name. area\ntype What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the worksheet - click on\nOpen Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n\n\n\n\nSave the .tax2015 file from the Online version to use in the downloaded version ... https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300420  


getting kind of nervous it got lost in the mail  

Many states are experiencing delays this season ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4893870 


I haven't received it yet and want to make sure I gave the right info for deposit  

Look at the filing instructions page and page 2 of the form 1040.You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Ran updates and wanted to continue my return, but it started a new return. How can I get my info back?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


is a section 193 expense possible  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4661322  


I completed and saved my return and my wife's return. Can't find them here.  

You didnt say if you used Online TurboTax or the desktop product (CD/download).  Ill assume it was Online.   If it was the desktop product, however, search for any files on your computer ending in *.tax2015.So you prepared 2 online returns?  Hopefully, you used 2 accounts (2 different User IDs), since you can only prepare 1 return per online account.  If you prepare a second return in the same account, it will overwrite the first.If you log in and cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, you may have another account without realizing it. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I created a TurboTax account in 2014, but was not able to print out my tax return. Is it possible to get that information now? If yes, then what are the steps necessary to do so. -Thank you  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


NJ-1041 New Jersey Tax . Line 23 has a value of $517.Resident Entity. According to all literature and by rate schedule and tax table.Tax on line 26 should be $7TT Business 2015 has calculated line 26 as zero.  

Maybe this?A resident estate or trust that does not have any tangible assets\nin New Jersey or any income from New Jersey sources,\nand does not have any trustees or executors in New Jersey, is not subject to New Jersey tax.If not, be sure to update your software. 


I'm following the instructions shown to upgrade the account, but I'm not able to pay for the upgrade of $29.99.Click on Timeline > Click on Add State > Takes me to print center screen > Click on 'Print or View a prior year return' > Automatically saves and takes me back to Home page.  

When you get to the Print Center, do not click on print/view prior-year return.To get a prompt to pay you click on Print/save/view this years return.   (yes, you must choose this years, because you are paying for this years return to unlock the prior-year returns.)Before paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked returns--that you at least see evidence of them in the prior-year Tax Timeline.  


I read on the internet that forex losses can be reported under section 988 so that they are treated as ordinary income/losses. if thats the case, which line on 1040 do I report them and is there any additional form I need to fill out?How can I deduct the $25,000 loss in future trading against my ordinary income? I dont want it to be treated as capital loss because in that case I can only deduct $3,000 in losses in 2015 and carry over the remaining.thanksLalit  

This previous TT answer should help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2875813-how-do-i-report-section-988-forex-trading-losses 


I made a mistake on my tax return and I was going to submit a correction, but I just got the original form back (which I had to mail) asking for my signature. Can I go ahead and modify the original so that it reflects the correction, sign it, and send it in? (No issue with payment because I'm getting a refund.)  

Yes, you can make any corrections you need to before printing a new copy to sign and mail back in.  If your mailed return was returned by the IRS for lack of a signature, it is not considered to have been filed.   So you can edit it.Heres how to open your return back up to make changes.  Do not Amend it, since it hasnt been filed.  You merely open it and edit it.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can edit it, then go to the FILE section to print out a mailing copy.\nDont forget to sign it.\n\n  


It looks like TurboTax updated their website since I filed could something have been lost?  

What do you mean by you have to refile?   It sounds like you are logging into the wrong account.   You\n shouldnt file another original return right now.  You should do \nall the troubleshooting I have described on this page to locate the return.If you efiled the return in February, what do you see when you doublecheck with this tool to be sure it was successfully efiled and accepted?https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf that shows the efile was accepted (or if you mailed the return), then if you were due a Federal refund, what do you see at this IRS website tool to check your refund status.   NOTE:  The Wheres My Refund tool is down for maintenance until approx. 7 AM Eastern on Tuesday, May 31.http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I paid the fees for and need to get a copy of my return  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 


I see at the end of my filing it says my state refund is ready to mail however, I have mailed out my state taxes but have yet to receive my refund. Can someone explain if I've done something wrong?  

If TurboTax says your state return is ready to mail even though you have actually already mailed it, thats normal, since TurboTax cant know if you actually did mail it off or not.So if you did actually mail the state return, and if you are due a state refund, you can check on the status by clicking on your state in the following FAQ, then following the instructions.  It will also tell you how to phone your states tax agency if there are any problems.FAQ:  How do I track my state refund?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211  


I just bought a qualifying electric vehicle (Volt.) Is it advisable to adjust my W-4 to account for the tax credit for the rest of the year? This could save me a lot on financing.  

Not sure how it will save you on financing, but you can adjust your W-4 to change the withholding. It doesnt matter what your tax due or refund is on your tax return, but what the tax liability is on 1040 line 44.  The Qualified Plug-in Electric Drive Motor Vehicle Credit is a non-refundable credit .It is subtracted from your tax before your withholding is subtracted so you will get back more of your withholding.  If you dont want to get back a large amount of your withholding, you can claim more deductions and have less taken out of your paychecks.  


The farm is not a residence I paid taxes and deducted them on Schedule A and had no farm income or filed Schedule F. The buyer wants to pay cash with no interest or financing. I plan to use proceeds to buy personal residence. Can this be a "Like a kind Exchange"? If not is there a way to spread out the tax hit over time?  

It cannot be a like kind exchange.  A like kind exchange is business/investment property exchanged for business/investment property.  Neither a personal residence or non-operating farm meets that definition.If not is there a way to spread out the tax hit over time?\n\nOnly by selling on an installment note, but thats not possible if the buyer wants to pay cash. 


I have all of the tax forms except for signature page. The lender will not accept e-signature... they want our actual signatures.  

Electronically filed tax returns do not have a signature.  If the lender insists to have a signed tax return, then make a copy of the tax returns and sign the copy on page 2 of Forms 1040 or 1040A where it says Sign Here  


Do I send estimated state tax penalty by just adding it to the $ number ($170 + $10 = $180) on the check and keeping 1040 still with original number ($170)? Also, where do I find MI Collections Account number for online state tax payment. I filed electronically on turbo tax.  

I would suggest filing now and they will determine what the fee is for being late...Thats what I would do anyways.  


My Tax Due was about $3300 and then after I applied and qualified for the Foreign Earned Income Credit it jumped up to $5780. This seems like something is broken on Turbo Tax.100% of my income was earned as foreign earned income, when I read the definition of Foreign earned income exclusion it seems to me that I should be paying $0 in taxes. My total household Gross Profit is about $55,000 and we were out of the USA the entire 2015 so all 100% of it clearly qualifies.  

The amount of foreign tax that qualifies as a foreign tax credit is not necessarily the amount of tax withheld by the foreign country. If you are entitled to a reduced rate of foreign tax based on an income tax treaty between the United States and a foreign country, only that reduced tax qualifies for the credit. It is up to you whether you want to ask for a refund from the foreign country of the difference (excess) for which a foreign tax credit is not allowed.  


We need to figure out if we need to get married before the house sells, or can we wait and get married later in the same year to claim the married $500,000 exclusion.  

You both must have lived in and owned the home for at least two years in the five year period on the date of sale to get the $500,000 exclusion when married filing jointly.  If you sell the home before the two year period and only one of you lived in and owed the home for two years, then your exclusion will be $250,000.See IRS Publication 523 Selling Your Home - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p523.pdf  


We had already received a refund by direct deposit from the federal govt..  Then discovered that we omitted a w-2.  We ammended out return and mailed in the balance of what we owed.  We later received a check in the mail for the same amount that they deposited in our account the first time.  What do we do with the check?  Who should we contact?  

First ... you should have waited for the original refund before amending the return since one of the questions in the amendment process was Did you receive your original refund?  and if you said you didnt you were instructed to wait until you did.  Sooo... if you answered that you got the entire refund ( which is what just happened and you get to keep and cash that check ) then that amount was already taken into consideration on the form 1040X.Look\nat the form 1040X \n\n\n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


This is for school  

You can get a confirmation here......click the link in the lower left corner of each box to get the full filing history before printing out:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp_____________________Getting a confirmation code is a different issue since DCNs are no longer issued by the IRS...and the school may be far-behind the times.....you might be able to get TTX to get you your MeF filing code by calling them.....(note that the operating hours are PACIFIC coast time).......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


What more do you want............. I am a human  

Because the hours they operate are on PACIFIC Coast time...and its still ~1.6 hours until they open up and start providing telephone numbers at that time:.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I no longer see the option to upgrade to plus by paying for this service today and have already received my 2015 return.  Is it too late to pay for the upgrade so that i can access my 2014 return? Please help  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I filled out and filed my taxes for 2015 through Turbotax. I even paid my taxes that were due. Now, when I sign in, it offers to let me start my 2015 return, but I cannot get to the one I filled out and efiled successfully.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


how do I find my 2015 tax file on turbotax?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Which version of Turbo Tax 2013 should I use? I am using the Home and Business one  

What you need to do is complete the Partnership return ( using the TT BUSINESS version)  if you have not yet done so.  This requires a separate tax program and cannot be completed in the Home & Business program.  As you have found out there is nowhere to enter that person in a personal tax return program.  Then the partnership return will produce a K-1 for each partner to enter on their own tax returns.  It will be entered in the Personal Income section of the H & B version that you have. https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


Hi, I can get the 2015 state return with no problem but how do I get my 2015 federal tax return. I need it to file apply for loan so the sooner you can help me the better.Thank you!  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Im under 59 1/2.  Just rolled over my 401k to an IRA (direct rollover)  Can I access my new IRA and repay within 60 days or is my 401k rollover considered my 1 time a year rollover?  

Trustee to Trustee transfers do NOT count towards the once a year rule.  


I should have a lot of deductions from using my home, cell phone, educational and computer so I want to pick the right version that will allow be to deduct all of those expenses  

When using the CD/download product, all versions have all the forms so they all can handle all situations. The higher the version, the more help you get in completing the return. With the online product, you need at least the Deluxe version to itemize deductions. If you had investment sales or rental income, you need Premier. If you had self employment income and more than $100 of expenses, you need Home & Business. You can see a comparison of versions at this web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/This is for the online product. You can see a similar comparison for the CD/download product at this web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/  


Now for the 4th time.........I received a refund not due to me as a result of changes the letter says I requested when we made no such request.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numbe  


$1700 of the check is funeral and other expenses related to his death (like cleaning out his apartment and paying some of his bills).  The rest of the $5000 was partly a gift and also to help with other expenses that I didnt have receipts for like gas and my time.  

There are no federal income taxes on this money. You do not enter it on your tax return.  


I will not be using Turbotax next year due to p[rice increases.  

Please see the link provided above to contact Customer Support if you want to deactivate your account.I see you have started another thread, so please continue there to avoid duplication. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365224-question-submitted-tuesday-may-31st-not-answeredI will close this older thread.  


need to print page 2 of my 2015 tAX RETURN FOR IRS AT THEIR REQUEST  

When\nyou sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not\nactually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online\nreturn that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of\nthe online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click\non Print, save or preview this years return.Once you have saved the entire tax file then using the PDF reader you can choose what forms to print. You may not be able to only print page 2 of the form 1040 ... that form usually prints both pages automatically.  


Is there going to be a penalty and if so how much?  

Federal taxes owed were due to be paid on or before April 18, 2016.  Payment after that date will incur a late payment penalty and interest on the taxes owed.  The IRS will send you a bill in the mail for the penalties and interest owed after they receive your tax payment.Go to this IRS website for your payment options - https://www.irs.gov/payments  


I did not click the link in the original email. Instead, I went to the website and manually requested a password reset email. The legitimate email from Intuit matched the original email I received. I did reset my password, but I am concerned that I received an unsolicited email in the first place.  

Most likely it was nothing .... like someone else trying to reset and accidentally entering your email instead of theirs and they are now cussing about the reset function  that wont work. However ....Turbotax has a new feature that tracks the dates, times,\nand approximate locations your account was accessed.  You can log in and\ncheck this feature.  Make sure you log in by typing the address in your\nweb browser and check for the padlock icon that means you have a verified\nconnection.  Click Account Tools, then Security, then scroll down for\naccess history.\n\nBe aware that the date and time will be accurate, but the\nlocation may be less accurate, especially if you are using a cell phone.\nDetermining location from an internet address is notoriously prone to error.\n  But, any overseas access is definitely a problem.  If there are log\nins you dont recognize, you can call customer support, and also take steps\n(below) to secure your account better. \n\nTo secure your account, log in to your Turbotax\naccount by typing the address into your browser window, and make sure your\nbrowser shows a padlock icon or whatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure\nverified connection.  Change your password, and make sure it is not\nsomething you use on other web sites.  Change your security question to\nsomething that a crook could not guess from social media.  Make sure your\nemail address and cell phone number are up to date as Turbotax may use that to\nhelp verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou also have the option to turn on 2-factor\nauthentication for all log-ins.  With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax\nwill send a code to your email or cell phone when you try to log in. The idea\nis that only someone who knows your password and also has possession of your\nphone will be able to log in, this is more likely to be the real you.\n Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication whenever you log in from a\ncomputer that turbotax does not recognize, but you can turn it on for all\nlog-ins in your security settings.\n\n \n\n\n  Also see these two\nFAQs on the new email alerts being sent about possible suspicious situations\ninvolving your information:\n\n  \n\n  \n    https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\n  \n  \nand\n\n  \n    https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n  \n  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n 


call me to schedule a payment i owe to you guys. [remove phone]  

Use this TurboTax website to make your payment - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/Or use the toll free numbers shown in the notice you received from TurboTax to make payment arrangements.Or contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I received a letter from the IRS saying I did not pay penalties for an early retirement draw in 2014 and that I owe several thousand dollars. I signed up for TurboTax third party audit protection service and they said the documentation line item in my taxes says L and should say 1L. I of course dont write any of these line items, TurboTax does it for me. What recourse do I have if TurboTax messes up my taxes? Obviously they arent going to pay the taxes, but shouldnt I atleast get a refund and they pay the late fee and comp me state amendments?  

Entering the code from the 1099-R is a user entry error which is not one of the things covered by the Accuracy Guarantee.  I am sure you failed to enter the 1 and only entered the L.... there were 2 boxes to enter if you had 2 codes. Only the code 1 was important ... the code L was immaterial to the return.However if you wish to put in a claim you can ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050  


I am doing joint filing. My wife and I have ITIN and SSN respectively. I have applied W7 to get ITIN for my son. I have not received ITIN for my son yet. In my State(Connecticut) tax return, my son name is not present. Do i still need to wait to get the ITIN to submit my State return? If yes do i need to apply extension (i have already missed the deadline and not applied for extension also). I dont owe any money but expecting the refund.  

Yes you should wait ... then when you get the ITIN you need to enter that in the Personal Info section and complete the state return again so that is picks up the child. Since you have a refund coming to you an extension is not needed and it is too late to file one anyway.  


I live overseas and thus cannot use call back support feature apparently.  

Starting back in\n2013,  TurboTax Advantage members (in addition to the CD you ordered)\nyou will also have access to the program as a download for 3 years for no extra\ncharge. This change happened since many computers no longer have disk drives or\nmany customers later lose the CD and required a download to be sent.\n\nTo access your Downloads\n\nhttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download&_requestid=4151\n\n \n\nIf you are not an Advantage\nmember .....\n\nThis FAQ explains how to handle a\nsituation where you bought a CD, but dont have a working  CD drive on your computer : \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2590568\n\n \n\nAnother quicker method than\ncalling for a download ....  is\nto use another computer to copy the *.exe installation file from the CD Rom to\na flash/thumb/usb drive, then insert that drive into the first computer and\ninstall from the flash/thumb/usb drive. 


yes i need a copy of Kristina ford 2015 tax returns for her records  

When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


It's wanting me to refile and continue.  I've already filed.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My CPA is asking for a copy  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have tried every resource I could find to contact the IRS and speak to someone that would help me, but to no avail.  

Call the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do\nNOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send\nyou to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I filed my federal taxes with Turbo Tax for that year.  

Federal and state tax returns are e-filed separately in the File section of the TurboTax program.  If you did not continue in the File section after clicking on the Transmit Return button for the federal return, then the state return probably was not e-filed.You will need to contact TurboTax support so they can check on the status of the 2012 e-filed returns.  If not filed, they can also give you instructions on how to file the state return.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Will this negatively affect my return if I file as married but separate when I cannot receive the exemption for him? I had to enter information for him on the personal info page.  

If your German spouse has an SSN there is no need to apply for an ITIN.  Just enter his SSN on the married filing separately return.  


what is your phone number.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


We are thinking of buying a rental property in US? Will I have to pay double tax in both US and Canada on our earnings?  

Please see this:http://www.taxplanningguide.ca/tax-planning-guide/section-2-individuals/us-real-estate-owned-canadia... 


I only file Federal.  Doesnt my foreign address and foreign employer exempt me from this penalty?  

If you are a US citizen or green card holder and are a resident of a foreign country for the entire year, then you are exempt from the requirement to have US health care insurance.In the Health Insurance section of the program just indicate that you or None of us had it at any point.  On the following screen under the section Wasnt required to get insurance, click on Resident of foreign country or U.S. territory.   Continue with the health insurance section until it completes.  


I came to US to work with an HB1 visa in 2015. My family (wife and two children) came with me but with an H4 visa (Not SSN). I couldn't added them as dependents in my 2015 taxes because they didn't have a SSN. We will get our Green Card soon, so they will get the SSN. Can I amend my 2015 tax return and add them as dependents as soon they get their SSN?  

\n\n\nAlthough you can amend the return to claim the child as dependents you may not get the EIC or CTC for them  any longer ... Starting with any return filed after 12/31/15 ... \n\nValid SSN required by due date of return. If you didnt have a social security number (SSN) by the due date of your 2015 return (including extensions), you cant claim the Earned Income Credit on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if you later get an SSN. Also, if a child didnt have an SSN by the due date of your return (including extensions), you cant count that child as a qualifying child in figuring the EIC on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if that child later gets an SSN.\n\nSame rule applies for the Child Tax Credit/Additional Child Tax Credit ...  Taxpayer identification number needed by due date of return. If you didnt have a social security number (an SSN) or ITIN by the due date of your 2015 return (including extensions), you cant claim the child tax credit or the additional child tax credit on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if you later get an SSN (or ITIN). Also, neither credit is allowed on either your original or an amended 2015 return with respect to a child who didnt have an SSN, ATIN, or ITIN by the due date of your return (including extensions), even if that child later gets one of those numbers.\n\n  


Let's say I make $300/month total from the site, and I pay my outsourcer in India $100 a month.  How do I document how much I paid him, so that I'm only taxed for the remaining $200/month?Are PayPal invoices enough, or is there a form I need to have him fill out?  Also, if there is a form that needs filled out, or a letter that needs written, can I have him send this to me electronically given that he lives in India?  

See answer to similar previous Q you asked:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2941258-i-operate-an-online-business-and-i-ve-got-a-question-about... 


us bank made a mistake on 1098 mortgage interest, need to amend form 1098.  us bank sent me a new corrected form 1098.  

If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543  


I have applied for the max amount of pin numbers is 20 and irs told since I paid for the cd that your company allow me to print my returns for free. I'm sick of you and I'm starting you hate you. me and my family use your program for years and you do this to me. i would like to have my refund too.  

The maximum number of tax returns you can efile is 5.  More than that must be printed and mailed.  However, TT is not licensed for use by paid tax preparers. 


My husband passed away and the family took over his business. The past due tax amount is from the business that I had no ownership in.  

I assume your husband had a solo business that you inherited when he passed, but it sounds like his family was operating it during at least part of 2015. Were they being paid to do this?Hopefully, you filed a 2015 Joint return with an Injured Spouse form. Depending upon the nature of the business and whether it will remain in operation, you may wish to see a local professional for assistance.  


I hate you  

duplicate post  


I am 19 and have been supporting myself over a year now. I havent asked my family for any money or anything. I filed my taxes and they came back rejected. My tax form said that someone else had claimed me as a dependent on their taxes. I just need to know what i should do and how to fix this so that I finish my taxes, because it is a little frustrating.  

If you feel your return was correct, just print it and file on paper.  The IRS will pay any refund and, in about a year, inquire of you and whomever claimed you as a dependent to determine which return was correct.  


I have an LLC and made 32K and have an expense of 26K for a Tug to pull aircraft with, where do I enter this?  

A home down payment is not deductible.  


Need previous years tax returns. How do i get it?  

If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


I would like to print my 2014 return and verify my 2015 return was electronically filed.  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I have not filed 2014 Tax return  

2014 cannot be done using the online program, and cannot be efiled. Go here to purchase and download the software:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/You will have to print the completed return and file it by mail.  


There was an error on my return (R0000-902-01 - Taxpayer TIN in the Return Header must not be the same as a TIN of a previously accepted electronic return for the return type and tax period indicated in the tax return) so, while I e-filed by the April 18th due date, I did not actually get my return accepted until the 26th since there was a lot of back-and-forth with the real reason my return was rejected (I had mistyped my SS#). Now, I have received a letter from the IRS saying I owe a "failure-to-file" penalty, a "failure to pay proper estimated tax penalty", and a "failure to pay" penalty. Is this something I can fight seeing as though I have the original confirmation e-mail saying I filed on the 18th?  

All you can do is ask the IRS.  However, there was a deadline to refile a rejected return, which it sounds like you just missed.  


I need to print but cannot access doc to print, telling me I need to pay?  I already paid.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I think I deleted original order confirmation.  

Use this TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp  


help!  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


If I need to pay Estimated taxes for 2016, How do I prepare Forms 1040ES if my spouse passed away in 2016?  

You will still be able to file a Joint return for 2016, but may need to adjust the estimates for any change in your 2016 income.  If you work, you can change your W-4 withholding.  Please see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3323888-estimate-2016-taxes  


I used the free version  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I am setting up a knitting community where various members from around the country will be sending blankets for donations to multiples hospitals. Im acting as the middleman, organizing projects and meetups and specifically collecting the blankets to be donated. I am not a nonprofit. I am not accepting monetary donations, just handcrafted donations and spare yarn. How would I tell my members to claim this on their taxes. Are their donations even eligible? Would I need to provide a receipt from each hospital for every members blanket?  

Only the cost of their supplies (yarn, etc.) is deductible.  You yourself can deduct any out of pocket expenses involved with this: telephone, mileage, etc.I would get one receipt from the hospital, and keep your own record of who contributed what and when. 


I'm taking this online course to get my personal training certification.  

Loss?You can deduct education and training as a work-related expenses if it is to maintain or improve your qualifications for your current job or career, but not if it is to qualify for a new career.  You must itemize to take advantage of work-related expense deductions and they are subject to the 2% rule.Or, you can deduct educational expenses using one of the education deductions or credits (tuition and fees deduction, Lifetime Learning credit, etc.)  The education does not have to be for a work-related purpose, but it does have to be given at an institution that is accredited to participate in Dept of Education student loan and grant programs (guaranteed student loans, Pell grants, etc.)  The type and amount of credit or deduction varies depending on whether you are just taking a course, or are actually enrolled in a program that will grant a degree.  Turbotax will ask these questions in the Education section on the Deductions and Credits page.However, many vocational or training certificate program will not qualify for either treatment, depending on your circumstances.  


My son receives Social Security benefits based on his fathers disability.  

If he had tax withheld from his SS payments, he will have to file a tax return to get the withholding refunded  


I need to file a 1040X for 2014  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax  


I just finished ordering the turbo tax download, then I find that I signed up for automatic renewal which I don't want. how do I cancel that renewal part? I want the 2015 delux package, but not the automatic renewal part.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301832  


It says I must pay for my 2015 taxes to get my 2014 returns, which I already have on the other account.  

No they cannot be merged... since you didnt use the same account for both returns and you didnt save a PDF of the return last year for your records then you will have to contact TT support to get the 2014 unlocked....https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\n\n\n\n 


E-mail me please with any questions.  as soon as you can.  Thank you for your help.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...  


i started filling 04/12/2016 i had  a lot of trouble because of ID and pass word by using number codes i though i had them donenow im finding they werent e-filled also i still cant get in without using a code  

If youre having repeated trouble e-filing your return, often the simplest solution is just to print the return and mail it in.  


I've used TurboTax the last two years but the 2014 return does not show up.  

How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I amended the 2014 1040 because of IRS Notice 2015-2 (increase in pretax transit benefits). I was instructed to fill out form 843 to reclaim the excess social security taxes paid. I am now being told that that is the incorrect form and that I should have added the excess social security taxes paid to line 12 on form 1040X. Im not sure how to correctly fill out line 12 - do I add the excess taxes paid to the federal taxes or do I just list the excess taxes. I cant figure out how to amend an amended return so I was going to do this the old fashioned way. Thanks.  

You must send a new original amended return with the updated values. No you cant put them together. Unless its a carryover which you indicate on the amended original filling haha is that confusing enough haha 


extension to file approval form from irs  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4806082  


Do I have to pay for turbo tax once or every year? I have to file for 2013 and 2014  

You have to buy each tax year as the 2014 will only complete 2014  & 2013 only 2013.  Both tax returns must be mailed in separate envelopes so they are processed correctly.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


And if so, how do I need to file and amended return?  

You can receive an exception to the 10% early distribution penalty if you are totally and permanently disabled. You are considered permanently and totally disabled if both of the following apply:You cannot engage in any substantial gainful activity because of a physical or mental condition.A doctor determines the condition has lasted or can be expected to last continuously for at least a year or can lead to death.If you already filed a return and were assessed the 10% early distribution penalty, you would have to amend your return to get the exclusion. Here is information on how to amend a return: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


already file an extension, now how do I file my tax  

Sign onto you online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account where you e-filed the extension.Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user ID 


received a letter from the government for identity verification on April 11th  

It will take approximately six weeks to process it and issue a refund.https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/taxpayers-receiving-identity-verification-letter-should-use-idverif...  


I filed my mother in laws taxes last year, but on turbo tax it states it is still active, why?  

I assume you have no previous non-deductible contributions. The other 25K would then be from deductible contributions and earnings. These amounts have not been previously included in income, so that is why they are now taxable. The non-deductible 5K contribution would be from after tax dollars and therefore is excluded from taxable income.  


oringal signatures  showingthe transferred amount from form 8962  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3363587-fill-out-form-8962  


I want to call someone there too discuss this issue whats the phone numberr  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


How do I access my 2014 returns if I am not filing my 2015 taxes with you.  

If you used the TurboTax 2014 online editions and paid for one of the Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business editions you have access to your prior year online returns until October 17, 2016 if you sign onto the online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the 2014 account.  If you used the TurboTax online Free edition for tax year 2014 or did not use TurboTax online for 2014 then you will need to start a 2015 online return and pay for the Plus editions which will give you access to all your prior year returns until October 16, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Why does Turbo Tax have some sort of life checking. When I filed for Socil Seceurity, they flagged the IRS. IRS said I should have filed a form to say she had passed away, but she was alive the entire 2015 Tax Year ? What going to happen next year for they said I still have to claim her ?  Where in your information does it say is the person still alive ?  

When you login to TurboTax go to the Personal Info tab, select your wife, verify the first screen that the information is correct, press continue. On the second page there is a check box Passed away before filing this return and that is likely checked. Uncheck and continue.  


please let me know that the payment has been received and my account is paid in full  

This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed it on turbo tax need her adjusted gross income for faspa  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I see a charge on my credit card for $11.99 and think that is the purchase.  

This is the Turbotax forum. Go here for Quicken:https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken  


there is a software glitch on form 8379 it is not checking boxes. will turbo tax be crediting customers for their aggravation?  

TT Online does not provide direct access to forms.To enter your Injured Spouse claim on Form 8379\nSelect the Federal Taxes tab\nSelect the Other Tax Situations sub-tab\nScroll down to the bottom of the screen to Other Tax Forms then select Miscellaneous Tax Forms and press Start\nSelect Report an injured or innocent spouse claim and press Start\nBe sure you only answer the Injured Spouse questions and ignore any Innocent Spouse answers. Skip past the Your Request For Innocent Spouse Relief screen by scrolling to the bottom and pressing Continue \n  


I have used your product for the past several years with no problems in filing my return.  I don't understand why I am having problems with the product this year.  I also noticed that there is a fee of 39.99 for the Premuim Service Benefits which when it aasked if I wanted this product service I indicated I did not but I was charged 39.99 for it.  When I go on the website of Where's my refund I can not seem to get any information regarding my e-filed return.  Was it filed and am i going to be penalized if in fact the Turbo tax did not e-file my return on April 9, 2016.  Please help it has been more that the 21 days that are required to process my refund and money is tight.  

First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If it was rejected or you didn't file you can send it again.  If you are getting a refund there is no interest or penalty for filing late.  


I see the examples provided by the TurboTax help. However, I read IRS Pub 587 and found no mention of any limitation.Can you please provide the IRS reference for this question in TurboTax?  

The Simplified Method for your home office deduction may need 15 or more days per month.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-drop/rp-13-13.pdf#page=9https://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040sc/ch02.html#d0e1072Is that what you are referring to?Or are you a childcare provider that is asking about the number of hours that you use your home for childcare? 


But I have the email that said that it was successfully sent and accepted.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Received a letter from IRS asking for a form 8962 but never received a 1095-A. How do I proceed? Also what are the ramifications of not providing. Tax return was accepted and taxes were paid. Thanks  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I only have one account and I have upgraded to plus and still can't see my 2014 return  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2938602-how-to-pay-for-plus  


my friend efiled my taxes and I detected an error. She put in 5 more numbers for my bank account auto deposit. My efile on IRS site has been saying pending for 5 months now. I have over 2,000 dollars for my return to be automatic deposit in bank please help me fix this  

You cannot refile. When the IRS does issue your refund and the bank rejects, they will mail you a checkDoes the IRS site say accepted? (mot pending)  


Couldnt find how to prepare the statement in TurboTax to waive the Carryback period under section 172(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.  

To prepare the statement to waive the carryback period for a net operating loss, using TurboTax Home & Business, do the following after you have entered your business income and expenses to produce the net operating loss.\nClick the Personal tab.\nClick Deductions & Credits.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Deductions & Credits, scroll all the way down to the bottom and click the button that says Done with Deductions.\nThe next screen says Lets Check Your Deductions and Credits. Click Continue.\nYou may get some other screens at this point. Proceed through the interview until you get to the screen described in the next step.\n\nThe next screen says Lets Check Your NOL. It says that you may have a net operating loss, and asks Do you have an NOL for 2015? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next screen asks What would you like to do with your NOL? and gives you three choices. Select Carry the NOL forward to next year. Click Continue.\nThe next screen tells you that the NOL election form will be included in your return. Click Continue. TurboTax prepares the necessary statement and includes it in your return. You do not have to enter any information for the statement.\nNote that the statement to waive the carryback period must be included with a return that is filed on time. If you have an extension, you have until October 17, 2016 to make the choice for 2015. Since its already after April 18, if you have not yet filed your return and did not file an extension, you are now filing late and can no longer waive the carryback period.  


I was finally able to order both transcripts on Fri and still today being Tuesday I don't have a ddd I was wondering how long did it take everyone to get a ddd after you order you transcripts I was hopping an update over the weekend but nothing I don't know what's going on  

Please do not multi-post 


Although I expect my income to decrease a bit as I was very eager to start, I am making about $2000 CAD weekly. I do not know how to claim this as income, or what I need to do to follow tax laws.  

This is the USA forum. 


the amount of money needed is in the range of 50,000 per year  

If you give a gift of more than $14,000 per year, you must report it on a gift tax return.  There is no tax owed until the total amount of lifetime gifts is more than $5 million, but the IRS uses the gift tax return to keep track against that lifetime total.Turbotax does not include the gift tax return, you can get it here, https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-709There are no extra requirements if the gift is to a foreign person.  


Help with IRS wanting more money  

The letter from the IRS explains why they think you owe the money. If youre having trouble understanding it:1. ask the IRS for more info or2. Post the specifics of the notice here, and somebody can probably help you or3. Contact TT support. See https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/or To contact TurboTax support: 8 AM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri.https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.  


What does my audit protection do to help with this?  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


When I login to turbo tax, it says that my return is unfinished. I used the program software to restart the whole thing. Haven't received my return yet. I did, however, file on the very last day so could that be why I haven't received it? Also, my file is corrupt so I can't see the exact dollar amount of my return. please advise.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your returns were e-filed and accepted.: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


I just received a letter in the mail from DC telling me I still owe taxes  

duplicate post  


I cannot find 2013 federal and state and must have used a different id and password  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


needing to print my 2014 for mortgage purposes, can only find my 2014 return  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I am not sure what to do now and confused as to why I couldn't file electronically this year?  

Mailed returns can take several weeks to process. Did you get a USPS tracking number?  


I have not received my refund.  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


WHY ISN'T MY 2015 TAX FILE AVAILABLE  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I have a password protected 2013 return on my email but do not have the password.  How can I unlock/open the file?  

No one here woulds have your password, so see this:.https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return 


Line 20a shows a total SS tax os $34,006 but line 20b shows taxable of $19,000.  IRS says that this is wrong and I owe $4,3200 in addiitional taxes.  What is wrong?  

Most likely the IRS changed some of your other income, which in turn made more of your Social Security taxable.Check the Ietter from the IRS carefully, and call them if you do not understand it.  


I do not have print center from accounts menu or any orange boxes.  i need to print out 2014 return.  

The upgrade to Plus is only relevant for returns filed using the TT free Online (web) software.Look for a .tax2014 file on your computer.  


I filed my taxes for 2015 and already received my tax return. Now, while I'm looking back at my return it says that I did not complete the tax filing process.  

When you originally filed your return,  you PROBABLY neglected to go back to your Federal return filing STATUS and checked the STATUS of your return --This is a VERY COMMON MISTAKE.Yes, you may know that your return was accepted --you may even have received your refund.  BUT, unless you let your computer (and the TTax program) communicate with the IRS server, the PROGRAM does not know the status.Hence it will not let you file an amended return or your state return, until the status is updated.(This might even have caused you a problem the next year when the program insists that you have not completed your previous years filing.)Launch TTax and OPEN your return                                 Go to:  File in the menu barSelect: Electronic Filing                              or    File by mail  if for other than current taxyearSelect: Check Electronic Filing Status       or    Print file  but do not actually mail itGo to:  File in the menu batSelect: SaveClose TTaxRe-Launch TTax and OPEN your returnTry completing/filing your amended or state return.(Dont forget to check back periodically to ensure that the PROGRAM gets updated when your amended or state return is accepted.)  


CA box 2 number won't take in the 1095-A.  

What to do for a missing 8962https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 


I need to upgrade to the Plus account to access my last three years of returns but I can't seem to find the option. I've read the article "How Do I Upgrade to Plus" and it has not provided the answer.  

In the above discussion you were able to find your filed 2015 return.  Now that you have found the account with your 2015 return, is that the same account with the locked prior returns?If so, then heres how to upgrade the already-filed return to PLUS.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed. 


The note on Turbo Tax for the 2555 form reported I can exclude my total income as I qualified---as I have for the last 10 years. However the 1040 still shows I owe $2,387. Thus, I can't print or send until this is fixed. Don't know where the problem is?  

Triplicate post  


I cannot e-file my taxes due to a chapter 13. How do I instead print the return to hand into my lawyer?  

Heres how to print a return to file by mail instead of efiling.  You can hand it to your lawyer, if thats what he/she needs.FAQ:  How do I file a paper (mailed) return in TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3401713  


I was receiving a refund that the IRS is holding for previous taxes. I owe Turbo Tax $29.99.     HOW DO I PAY?  

You can pay for your TurboTax fees using this link: https://turbotaxpayments.com/This will allow you to pay your balance if your Federal Refund was denied, or adjusted and wasnt enough to cover the fees. You will need your order number and zip code in order to continue past the first screen.  


Hey guys,is there a way to know if i amended my 2014 tax return? i need to amend it (possibly for the second time)  

Yes but wait until the initial amended return is accepted...gotta give them time to process it... 


i entered some information on incorrect lines on my original 1120s. I've amended the form but i think i need a 1040x. Can you help?  

If you have already amended your 1120-S and now you need to amend your personal tax return, this link should get you in the right direction:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 


How/ When are we able to add/ amend the returns to provide the complete information?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787  


(I was hoping I could log back in to TurboTax, and just change that one piece of info, and see what difference it would make. But maybe I've waited too long? (May 31)  

You appear to be using the TTax On-Line version.  Unfortunately the on-line version does not support a what-if scenario (that is only available with the desktop version).Once you make ANY changes to the online version the previous information is overwritten and is PERMANENTLY deleted.  You will have to manually re-enter/re-create your return.You might want to try to create NEW dummy accounts for your various scenarios and then simply abandon them when you are finished.Create New On-Line account:turbotax.com and look for the New to TurboTax? Start for Free BLUE button near the top center of the screen.How to Clear AND DeleteHow to clear an on-line return and start overhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900891-how-do-i-start-over-in-turbotax-online(Please note that the link may appear to be truncated, however it willwork (if you hover your mouse over the link you will see the full link.)How to delete tax return in TTax On-linehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online(Please note that the link may appear to be truncated, however it willwork (if you hover your mouse over the link you will see the full link.)Note: This will also clear/delete and data your have transferred from last year or downloaded from a Financial Institution.CAVEAT:While you can clear the information in a return in an account, you CANNOT delete an account.  


Many thanks to epo39b for the reply. Problem resolved.  

This is just a user to user forum and we cant help you with billing.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead. 


I mistakenly did the whole return with me first, then realized I had listed husband first on all previous returns so went back and changed personal info order and order of W2s.  

You cant make that change.  When you first establish the account, whomever is listed first must continue to be listed first in future years.  Try going back, listing your husband first, and then entering his data first.  


I would like to load up my 2014 tax documents that were submitted in 2015. I was hoping for the sake of ease I could do that here rather than digging through all my files.  

Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html  


I paid my state tax due but I found out that I forgot to put health insurance deduction. I paid $200 more than I supposed to pay to state. first, should I amend my return? second, if I amend the return, would state return the $200 to me?  

I dont believe you will get it back it may only reduce your taxable income by $200 bucks which really in my opinion its  worth the hassle. Just remember next year to claim it...  


I filed my taxes in Feb. I have yet to receive my return and am beginning to get quite irritated! I was going to amend it but when I entered the changes, my return was still the same, therefore, I did not submit it.  

Is that what it displays at the IRS Wheres My Refund website?  i.e.,when you use the tool at the IRS website below, it says your Federal return is still processing?http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf so, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the reason for the delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you dont get good results from the IRS, you can consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service for assistance.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


Just got an tax due notice on my 2014 return from IRS and noticed my employee stock options income has got double taxation. Seeking for solutions. Thank you!  

I really cant understand what you are saying here since youve provided absolutely no detail behind your assertion that my employee stock options income has got double taxation.Im going to make some guesses here that you exercised stock options or RSUs vested or something similar, and you immediately sold the stock.  The calculated compensation from the exercise/vesting was included on your W-2 and, as such, ended up on line 7 of your Form 1040 as income to be taxed.Given the above, my next guess is that you didnt report the sale of the stock reasoning the gain has already been taxed because its part of my W-2 income.  I then assume that the IRS picked up on the missing stock trade and has sent you a tax bill for the full amount of the proceeds (if this was an RSU), or, maybe, the amount of the proceeds minus your out of pocket cost if this stock was acquired via an option.  Accordingly your stock option income would be double taxed if you simply paid what the IRS says you owe.If my string of guesses and assumptions is correct then the cure here is to report the sale of the stock on an amended income tax return using the proper basis which is the sum of your out of pocket cost, (if any), plus the compensation income created by the exercise or vesting.  That will eliminate the double taxation issue.If this is not your situation then youre going to have to add some detail.Tom Young 


I'm out of the US for two years, now I need the Georgia State IRS address to mail my State Tax Return. Can you please e-mail me the address (it websie can't be linked)the address is for oversea taxpayer! Thanks  

What do you mean cant be linked?  You cant get to the Georgia website?Here is the pdf of instructions, where to mail is on page 2https://dor.georgia.gov/sites/dor.georgia.gov/files/related_files/document/TSD_Form_IT-511_Instructions_2015_v5.pdfLets see if I can copy itForm 500 Tax Returns:  Refunds and No Balance Due: PROCESSING CENTER GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE PO BOX 740380 ATLANTA GA 30374-0380 Payments: PROCESSING CENTER GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE PO BOX 740399 ATLANTA GA 30374-0399 Hey, here is a screen shot of it,  will this help?  


did I complete my forms  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


it says i cant continue with it and i cant continue without it.  

Don't know why but redoing the form worked. Thanks.  


My wife has exclusive possession of marital property while divorce is pursuing. she hasnt payed property taxes and home will soon go to tax sale. Is she legally responsible to pay them ? Or doesnt the exclusive possession have any impact on tax liability. I have a feeling it doesnt, but will I be able to sue her for losing my half of the homes value ?  

Please consult a local attorney.  


I can view my purchase on the "orders" page of my account, but when I go to my tax timeline, I'm getting prompted like I never filed a 2015 return.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I have been audited by the irs and they say that my has was not properly entered on my taxes. they got a 1099-sa that stated the distributions from my HSA. I have used turbotax for many years and have entered the has information the same each year. Can you HSA distribution count towards taxable income?  

Turbotax no longer has a professional review service.If you bought audit protection for 2014, that is something different.  You would have received an enrollment email or certificate with your member number and a contact phone number.  It may also be in the page(s) of Turbotax instructions that are included if you download or print all forms and worksheets from your account for the 2014 return.  If you cant find the enrollment info, you can try calling customer support.If your HSA information is incorrect, you can amend your return.  An amended return is a complete copy of your return with corrected info, plus a copy of form 1040X that acts as a cover sheet and summarizes the changes.  Amended returns cant be filed electronically, they have to be printed and mailed in.  Depending on what went wrong, you may owe no tax but will need to submit an amended return.There are two ways to submit the amended return and I dont know which is better.  One is, send the amended return to the standard address, and also send a letter to the address in the notice you receive, explaining your response.  Or, you can mail the amended return to the address in the notification.  (Just dont mail two full copies of the amended return to both address at the same time.)When preparing the amended return, you will need to pay attention to these areas:HSA contributions that were made by employer deduction (either an employer contribution or your own contribution made by payroll deduction) are recorded in box 12 with code W.  If you also made out of pocket contributions, they are entered separately.  It is important that you do not double-enter your payroll contributions, they are already in box 12 of your W-2.  The turbotax interview seems to have been redesigned and is now easier to use.  Start with the section for entering a 1099-SA on the income page.  Enter the amount of the distribution.  Then there is a checkbox for did you use the distribution only for medical expenses make sure this is checked yes.  Then there will be a question about whether you made extra contributions outside of payroll, and a question about any unusual contributions from your employer (this is a rare situation, you will probably say no.)To amend, start here,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288565  


do I just mail in a check to the IRS with my SS number of do I need a form to go with the check?  

A payment voucher, Form 1040-V, would have been included in the file when printing your tax return.  It will also be included in the PDF of your return if you donwnload all forms and worksheets.  The payment voucher along with your check for the taxes owed are mailed to the IRS.  Or you can use one of the options for payments on the IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/paymentsIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


the IRS sent me a letter stating I need to amend my return.  I left information off of FORM 8962.  How do I enter the info and print my return for mailing?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


Hi, IRS accepted my federal return on January 29 and it says the FL return status is "ready to mail". I am not sure what to do now and I live in Australia and would like to receive it soon. How do i know when it will be sent or if it has been sent?  

You can check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 


My girlfriend and I(not legally married) own a business together. How would we show the net profit on our taxes when we deposit the money in to a shared bank account? 50/50? i know we have to file a self-employed claim but thats about as much as i could figure out.  

You file a partnership return, and both of you file individual returns.  \n\nTo prepare a corporate, trust or\npartnership return you would need the TurboTax Business version. This is a\nseparate program from TurboTax Home and Business. TT Business is a program\nonly available for desktop use (there is no on-line version.)  See https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ to purchase a copy of that program.\n\nBusiness will prepare Forms 1120-S\nfor S-Corporations, Forms 1120 for C-Corporations, Forms 1041 for Estate or\nTrusts, and Forms 1065 for Partnerships. \n\nTo prepare a personal return, depending\non its complexity, you will need a version that prepares Forms 1040.  If you have a Schedule K-1 from either a Form\n1120-S, Form 1065 or Form 1041 you will need either the Premier version or (if\nyou also have an unincorporated business) the Home and Business version if you\nprepare your return on-line.  For desktop\nprograms, Deluxe can also handle a Schedule K-1.\n\n  


I thought I had saved a copy but cannot track down the .pdf file  

The DC tax return will be included in the PDF that you download from the 2015 Timeline.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Am I using the wrong one?  

To report social security income, type SSA-1099 in the search box and click on Find then jump to.  


I've downloaded the program to amend my 2014 federal,  however it's asking me to pay for my state returns, which I already did when I filled in Feb 2015. HELP  

If you downloaded the 2014 windows amend-only program, and you open your 2014 tax file, the program should recognize that you previously used a state module, and allow you to install it.  If this is not working, youll need to call customer support.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


When should the funds be available if the both returns show deposited?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5149044  


I would like to also know if, if i pay the membership fees now can i access my already filed tax files or preview them?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901539-how-do-i-preview-my-turbotax-online-return-before-filing 


I resent my tax return 2015 without corrections.  

Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.  


The refund is not appearing on any of my statements since March, 2016. The checking and routing # provided to Turbo Tax was correct because I received my state refund no problem. What do you advise?  

Check your refund status again on the IRS website at www.irs.gov.  If the IRS status indicates your refund was sent to your bank on a specific date (March 7?) and the bank still does not show the refund deposit, I suggest you verify the steps provided at the bottom of the IRS refund status page.  The IRS has a contact us option at the very end of the refund status page so you will need to following that link to determine the status of your refund.  Normally, if the IRS attempts to deposit a refund to a specific bank/account and the bank rejects the deposit for some reason, the bank will return the refund to the IRS and the IRS will mail the refund to the address on the tax return.  If the IRS has to mail your refund in this sequence, the process may take 8-12 weeks before your refund arrives in the mail.Good Luck.  


Hello, if I don't want to e file and I'm using online version, is there a  way to pay and print? tnx u  

In the File section of the program you are given options on how you want to pay the TurboTax online account fees.  You should select to pay by credit card.  You are also given the option on how you want to file your return, select File by Mail.See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing by mail - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-onlineSee this TurboTax support FAQ on paying the TurboTax account fees - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees  


I need a phone number for a customer rep!!!!  

Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.  


do turbo tax do these  

The form M1PR needs to be mailed in with your renters certificate. If you already filed your return, you can go to the following website for instructions & the form. http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/prop_tax_refund/Pages/Renters_Property_Tax_Refund.aspx  


The state now claims I owe them another $1,979, due June 10.  

California FTB ...in particular.....has had a major computer error in matching withheld taxes on filed tax returns to what they have in their own files....even if not for CA ....Collect copies of all your W-2 and 1099-R forms, or any tax forms that show state withholding...and send them in to whatever address is indicated on your notice  (make sure you keep copies for yourself).   CA claims they will fix it......if a different state, they just need proof of your withholding claims.  


file out with turbo tax need a copy of it201x  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


I am currently in a part-time MBA program in order to advance my career (not switch careers). I have been paying for tuition out of pocket (resulting in approx. 60k of tuition during 2015). When I filed my 2015 taxes, I used the lifetime learning tax credit. Should I file an amendment and take the non-reimbursable business expense instead? I heard that I meet all of the requirements for it...  

Do you meet this?Work-Related EducationYou can deduct expenses you have for education, even if\nthe education may lead to a degree, if the education\nmeets at least one of the following two tests. (1) It maintains or improves skills required in your present\nwork. (2) It is required by your employer or the law to keep your\nsalary, status, or job, and the requirement serves a\nbusiness purpose of your employer. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdfAlso see:http://www.forbes.com/sites/mattsymonds/2014/04/11/the-mba-and-the-taxman-claim-or-not-claim/#7b854a...  


It has been 10 weeks, need to track it. Help  

https://www.irs.gov/refunds 


I mailed my Kansas State return How do I know if the State have got it yet?  

You can check here:https://www.kdor.ks.gov/apps/kcsc/increfundstatus.aspx  


I have entered my W2 correctly but don't understand why the sum of my withheld tax is $300 more than my W2 sum in the turbo tax calc?  

See instructions for Line 64 here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf at pg 53  


but now IRS said that I owe $1,086.00 please can you help me with this? I can't talk right now but after 5pm I can receive a call or you can e-mail to me. Thank you  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I have not received check that the above bank was to issue to me  

Dan....you do understand that you just told the ENTIRE WORLD how to access that Bank account ?  


Do I just post this as an estimated tax payment?  

To enter payments made with an extension -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of extension payment you made and click the start or update button  


Not sure how to verify shared info that working for a social service agency (non-profit) might get my school loan waived.  Attended on-line college approx. 1.5 yrs before pulling out.  

This is not an income tax question. Please contact the student loan folks.  


Daniel F [[PII REMOVED !!)]]DUPLICATE\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364686-where-is-my-refund-i-know-it-went-to-bank-with-this-pii-re...\n  

.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I mailed my tax form around 2 month ago. When I enter my info in where is my refund irs webpage , it does not give me any information. I am thinking may be IRS did not receive my mail :(I dont know what should I do now? Should I resend my forms? Or should I send a 1040 amended from? My refund amount is not that much, I do care more about my tax history to be complete. Please help. Thanks  

Try calling the IRS. You may have to just mail it in again. (Do not do an amended return.)  


below what net income ( less exemptions and STD deduction) do you not pay taxesmarried jointly what is the std deduction?, exemption?  

Based on your other postings, you apparently also have investment income.  The easiest way to find out if you must file is to prepare Federal and State tax returns. Also see:http://fairmark.com/general-taxation/reference-room/2016-tax-figures-adjusted-for-inflation/  


My e-mail address is [personal info deleted for privacy] please include to verify interaction.  

https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I was supposed to receive a check of my refound, but I never received. Can I change my delivery adress?  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...Also notify your State tax authority.  


When I access my account, It doesn't show I completed my taxes however I did complete them and I received my refund.  I just need access to my tax return documents for financial advise.  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


error message: shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; But I checked. all these two field are conforming to the rule.  

Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ for the problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online  


can't get thru to IRS by phone  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I'm trying to pull my 2015 tax report  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


Phone number for bank holding my refund  

http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us 


I received a notice from you saying that my federal and State returns were rejected because of my AGI.  I used the AGI that was originally submitted on my 2014 returns and still was rejected.  What do I do now?  

You can always print and file by mail.  


It has been more than 3 months and nothing. My address is correct and I`ve checked everything 1000 times. Is there any way I can ask for the check to be re-sent or sent to a friends address in the USA?  

With a J-1, you were required to file a Non Resident return, which TT does not support. If you filed a regular return, that may be the reason for the delay. Please see this to contact the IRS:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationallyDid you file a Maine return as well?,  


I have the tax file available  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3147580-how-to-transfer-2014-returns-to-2015  


I have received a new w2 that I would like to file for however I do not see where I can delete the form I started. Is there a way for me to fill out a new return.  

If you have already filed you will need to amend.  If you have not filed yet you can go back and add or change anything you want.The sooner you amend the better.  It you owe any tax on it filing soon will stop any interest from accruing on it. And after Oct you will not be able to access your online return to amend it.  Then it will be a problem to amend.  So amend at least before Oct.IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section.  


I tried to e-file for a week, bit it would not let me. I hate to mail the return.It never told me why.  

You can always talk to someone at TurboTax:.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


LYFT IS A PART TIME JOB MY FULL TIME EMPLOYMENT IS IMPORTED INTO TURBO TAX WILL LYFT EARNINGS DO THE SAME  

If it is reported on a 1099Misc (or you don't get any tax form for it) then you enter it as self employment income.If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed Fill out Schedule C here in the Home & Business version:The Business Tab - ContinueI'll choose what I work on Business Income and ExpensesThen.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateYou use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is At Risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3%  Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.For the Online versions...........You might be able to use a lower version but not the Free Edition.  You should get a 1099Misc from the employer.  And you should have been paying in estimated taxes quarterly or you might end up owing a lot of taxes and a penalty.  


I need to submit a second T1Adj form but I cannot bring up a blank form to do the second one.  

This is the US forum.  I think you are looking for the Canada forum:http://community.turbotaxonline.ca/  


I go to school part-time and work full-time. How much can I deduct from taxes?  

Simple answer $4000, if your income is less  than $65,000 ($130,000 if married\nfiling jointly).  $2000 if your income is between $65K and 80K (130K-160K MFJ). But, the great American tax system is anything but simple. Those numbers refer to an income adjustment (above the line deduction known as the Tuition and Fees Deduction (TFD); attach form 8917 to your return. You do not qualify for any of it if your income is more than $80,000 ($160,000 MFJ).But instead of the TFD, most people qualify for a tuition credit; the American Oppprtunity Tax Credit (AOTC) or Lifetime Learning Credit (LLC). For details on these credits, see the links at  your other question (https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364425-tuition-reimbursement-while-working-full-time)If your education is job related, your are allowed to deduct all your tuition. But this job expense deduction is only any itemized deduction and subject to the 2% of AGI limitation.  


Can I use TURBO TAX FREE VERSION W/ a full time job as a nurse and part time LYFT driver  

and part time LYFT driverSorry, but LYFT income and expenses are business income, and only would be reported using the Home and Business version.  The free version does not have those schedules.  


Is this a legitimate email from you? What should I do now to check/correct my return?  

Yes, that is legitimate.  You should also get a follow-up email from TurboTax explaining the situation.See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to proceed - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


The 2nd box TOTAL DIST is checked.  If gross distribution is used I may be taxed with a 50% tax penally if an amount for MRD is not indicated.  I have talked to my employer and cannot not get an answer.  

You can use this calculator to calculate your MRD:  http://apps.finra.org/Calcs/1/RMDIf you received a total distribution (box 2b Total distribution marked) from a qualified retirement plan (the IRA/SEP/SIMPLE box not marked), the gross amount distributed included your MRD and its apparent that your MRD requirement has been satisfied.  If you did not roll over any of this distribution from a qualified retirement plan, when TurboTax asks, simply indicate that the entire amount was MRD and all of your MRD.  This will prevent TurboTax from preparing Form 5329 to calculate any 50% excess accumulation penalty.If you rolled over part of the distribution, youll need to make sure that you did not roll over any part of the MRD as determined by the MRD calculator.Forms 1099-R do not explicitly indicate that any part of the distribution was an MRD.  The IRS relies on the qualified retirement plan administrator to ensure that MRDs are satisfied.  For IRAs, the IRS looks at the previous years Forms 5498, the current years Forms 1099-R, and your birthdate indicated on your tax return  to determine if you have satisfied your IRA MRDs.  


California AGI: 8,306, California std deduction: $4,044. This yields $4,262 taxable income, all from capital gains. Because it is unearned income, and my parents made ~$150k, it is taxed at their rate, even though they dont claim me as a dependent. from Form FTB3800, I owe $396, minus $109 personal exemption, minus $69 renters credit = $227 according to Turbotax. I just received a letter from the California FTB saying I owe $336, not $227. This is $109 different, so I assume California thinks I am not entitled to the personal exemption, even though my parents didnt claim me as a dependent. TurboTax knows all of this too. Now I owe penalties and interest. Which one is correct?  

It is a subtle distinction, but the provision is if you could be clamed as a dependent, whether or not you actually are claimed as a dependent on the parents return.  The TurboTax interview is specific about asking whether you could be claimed.  If you failed to answer it accurately, then the standard deduction would be incorrectly included in your return.See TurboTaxTerrys excellent detailed answer regarding this at:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3109545 


Each are paid separately when they have a sale, and each receives a separate 1099, but husbands is less than $1000.  He has almost no expenses (a little mileage) so it would be easier to combine both into one Schedule C if possible.  

If you report one schedule C, you will be telling the IRS that one spouse works and the other does not (unless the other spouse also has a regular job or is already retired).  This could affect your eligibility for the child and dependent care credit (if you pay for day care), and may affect your ability to contribute to a retirement account or other tax situations (Im less sure of that, the rules are tricky.)  You will also be telling the social security administration that only one of you is working, so only one of you will earn social security credits (unless the other spouse has a separate job). This will affect the other spouses eligibility for retirement and disability pay. If this was not a close relative helping but a third person, you would be expected to either issue them a 1099-MISC for their income or make them a W-2 employee.  I think you can get away with one schedule C in the situation you describe where the spouse is an unpaid helper (rules for family are a bit more lax).  But do be aware of the implications I mentioned above. 


When I apply for a Foreign Tax Credit, initially I get the credit in TurboTax and I complete the section.  When I click on Smart Check it says I need to fill in the Reduction in Foreign Taxes section of my Foreign Earned Income - Deductions.  No matter what I enter in this field it takes away my tax credit.  What is it asking for in this section?  I can see another FAQ where it says I should take answers from form 2555, but I can't see the actual forms until I'm done.  Please help.  

I am not very sure that I am understanding your issue -- can youplease tell more ---(a) your tax home ( is it USA or are you abroad and have been so for at least 12 months), (b) your earnings are foreign earned income ?;  (c) your citizenship ( US citizen/resident/ national etc. )  I ask for these because the form 2555 is used only for qualifying/ excluding foreign earned income. If you are talking about foreign taxes paid ( on unexcluded income or on investment income ) , you use the form 1116 or you use the foreign tax as a deduction on Schedule-A ( itemized deduction). So we need to understand what you are trying to do and the characteristics of both the foreign tax and  and foreign income. Please provide.  


I am doing 2014 taxes & bought the software  

Hopefully you saved the return periodically so when you open the program again you will be able to return to the section you were working on or to the spot since the last save was done.  If you havent ever saved the tax return then you will need to start all over again. Saving the return periodically is easy ... just click on FILE in the upper left corner menu bar and save or save as.  


Do I need to have 10 % held for IRS when I withdrawl for tax purposes if its not gonna be taxed.  

You can always take your contributions from a Roth IRA income tax and penalty free.  You can opt out of having any amounts withheld from your distribution.Tom Young  


I need this ASAP for my mortgage company. thank you  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I need to know how to file both as a sole proprietor for a massage practice and an independent contractor for a house cleaning business owned by someone else. Do I need 2 separate schedule c forms? How do I proceed with my taxes? Thank you!  

Yes 2 schedule C would be the best.  After you do 1 schedule C you can add another.  Do them one at a time.Click on the Business tabBusiness incomeThen there should be a box listing your businessRight below the box click on Add Another  


We have a 1099-G regarding the return addressed to both of us. We both filed itemized for 2015. He was advised by a CPA to only include 50% of the total from the 1099-G.  

Yes report it 50/50.  You each report half.  It's not if you itemized this year for 2015 But if you itemized on the 2014 return last year.  Then it is taxable.  If you took the Standard Deduction last year it is not taxable.  


This case is about Louisiana state tax return of 2013. My income is only $900 of 2013 in Louisiana. Turbotax suggested me don't need to file Louisiana state tax return. But I received letter from Louisiana department of Revenue, the letter showed I got tax due and penalties. Now I received letter from Louisiana Board of Tax Appeals. I need help follow this case. Do you have any service for it? Thanks  

\n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


No flood ins on contents.. no FEMA payments for contents  

To report Casualty and Theft losses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits \nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Other Deductions and Credits\nOn Casualties and Thefts, click the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ on Casualties and Thefts - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901178-casualty-and-theft-lossesSee this IRS Publication 547 Casualties,\nDisasters,\nand Thefts (PDF) - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p547.pdfSee this IRS Publication 547 Casualties, Disasters, and Thefts (HTML) - https://www.irs.gov/publications/p547/index.html  


how do I get to my previous years tax return  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


My parents are moving from Poland to the US. They are Polish citizens. They just sold their apartment in Poland for $74,000. They want to bring that money with them. I looked through different options of doing that, and a wire transfer seems to be the safest option. I am a US citizen, and they have another son who is an international student here in the US (a nonresident). My parents do not have an account in the US, and will not have one until about January when they get their Green Card. If my parents wire the money to me, will I have to pay taxes on it? If my parents wire the money to my brother (nonresident), will he have to pay tax on it? If my parents wire the money to either me or my brother, and withdraw it before the year ends (either in cash or deposit it into a bank account if they manage to get one), will they have to pay tax on it? They will likely be with no tax status on December 31st (visitors), and will become US Permanent Residents in January. Lastly, is there a way for them to own their own money without paying tax to IRS? It doesnt sound fair that Polish citizens moving to the US have to pay tax to the US for a property they sold in Poland...  

If this was a gift to you or your brother, there are no US taxes owed.  (I dont know if they owe tax in Poland.)  In the US, a gift recipient never owes taxes.  For foreign gifts, you must report them on a special form if the total amount in any year is more than $100,000 from foreign persons or more than $14,000 from foreign corporations.  The IRS does not tax the gifts but they want to keep track to avoid money laundering or that you might be hiding income from a foreign company by calling it a gift.Then, you can give the gift back when they get here.  You would have to file a US gift tax return if the gift is more than $14,000 per person but there is no tax owed by the recipient ever and no tax owed by the giver until the givers lifetime total gifts are more than about $5 million.However, this seems like a needlessly complicated way to do it.  Why not just leave the money in an account in Poland in their names, and once they get to the US, wire the money to a US account also in their own names.  There may be paperwork to disclose the transaction (again, to prevent/detect money laundering) but there is no tax involved.  Once they become US persons for tax purposes, they would owe US tax on the income from the account, whether it is in Poland or the US, but they dont tax on owning or moving the principle.And in fact, if they and you arrange the transactions as a series of gifts rather than a straight wire transfer from themselves to themselves, you could run afoul of structuring laws, which make it illegal to create a series of transactions to hide the underlying purpose, even if the underlying purpose is perfectly legal.  The best thing to do is probably for them to keep the money in their own name and open a US bank account to receive the transfer when they are ready. 


My refund has been held up, received letter that Form 8962 wasnt included with my TurboTax Return  

Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n  


I completed my taxes and were submitted. What happened to the copy?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I am listed as the recipient on the form 1098.  

To enter seller financed interest income:\n\n        \nType interest\nincome - seller financed and\nclick search/find.\n\n        \nClick on Jump\nto interest income - seller financed. \n\n        \nContinue with the onscreen questions.  


Hi, its for my 2016-17 FAFSA Verification through South Puget Sound Community College. They will not accept a copy of the return, only the tax return transcript. Just wondering how i get a copy of that. thank you for your help.  

Go to this IRS website to order a transcript of your federal tax return - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript-beta  


How can we remedy this?  

You mean you purchased tax year 2014 and needed tax year 2015.  Tax year 2015 is the current tax year.You will need to contact TurboTax support for this particular issue.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time, Monday through Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


I received a letter from IRS that indicated I need to file 8962 and make a small change on my 1040. (line 69). Please advise how to do it. thanks.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS notice you received concerning the Form 8962 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


For the life of me, I thought I submitted.  I printed it out and I knew that you wanted me to file my Illinois State through TurboTax, but I chose not to.  I was for certain that the response was to finish the return based on filing for State. I sincerely, thought the Federal went through.  Can you tell me my true status and what to do if I failed to file?  

First --\nverify that your returns have been filed and accepted --  then check\nthe fed & state web sites to see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I am redoing my sons 2014 taxes and filing his taxes for 2015. He has not used turbo tax.Should I setup a new account for him? Can I enter the 2014 1040EZ info he filed for 2014 in TurboTax, then file an amended 2014 tax return adding a schedule C and changing the filing status to married filing jointly? Do I need to do the same for his wife? She filed a 1040EZ as well.  

If your son and his wife filed separate returns, and you are now amending to make it a joint return, you only amend one of the two returns. Whichever one you amend will be the person whose name is listed first on the joint return. The other separate return will automatically be canceled by the joint amended return.The best way to amend a tax return is by using the same software or other method that was used to file the original return, because the original return is already there. You dont have to reenter the information. To prepare an amended return with TurboTax, you would first have to recreate your sons original return in TurboTax, and make sure it exactly matches the return that your son filed.You can no longer use TurboTax Online to amend a 2014 return. TurboTax Online is only for the current tax year, which is now 2015. To file an amended return for 2014 you have to use the CD or download TurboTax software for 2014. Since your son didnt use TurboTax, you will have to buy the software. You can buy a download at the following link.http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou might get a better price from a reputable online seller that still has TurboTax for 2014 in stock.It doesnt matter that the original return was a 1040EZ. An amended return is always filed on a special form, Form 1040X, no matter what form was used for the original return. An amended return cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.For more details about using TurboTax to amend a return that was not originally prepared with TurboTax, see the FAQ at the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2939017For the 2015 return you can use the CD/Download TurboTax software for 2015, or you can use TurboTax Online as long as you file the return by October 17. If you use TurboTax Online you would have to create a new account for your son and daughter-in-law. You cannot use the same account that you use for your own return. A TurboTax Online account can only be used for one federal return.  


IT says I can upgrade to the deluxe edition to access my 2014 returns but it will not let me purchase the deluxe version I can only purchase the premium for $79.99. I will spend the $29.99 to get my returns but I cannot spend 79.99.  

Your post shows you are currently using the Deluxe edition.  You can just pay for the Deluxe edition so you can access your prior year returns.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I filed my 2015 taxes with turbotax online but now when I log in it just asked me if I would like to file like I am a new customer. I clicked load my tax timeline and it just shows joined turbotax??  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I didn't receive my 1099-SA distributions form until several months after the deadline for filing taxes for 2014.  The IRS now wants 1240.00 plus interest for not reporting 2756.31.  I use my HSA account strictly for medical expenses only.  They want the money by June 22, 2016.  What do I do?  

Generally, if an HSA distribution is included in your gross income \nbecause it is not made for qualified medical expenses, it will also be\n subject to an additional 20 percent penalty tax. This 20 percent \npenalty tax does not apply to distributions made after your death, \ndisability or attainment of age 65.From the sounds of it youre not subject to a premature distribution, but the IRS doesnt know that at this point and so assumes the penalty does apply.  You shouldnt have not reported the distributions from your HSA; certainly the financial institution acting as trustee sends you periodic reports of activity in your account, just like banks do for checking and savings account, so that figure should have been available even in the absence of the 1099-SA.  What you need to do now is respond to the IRSs notice, explaining what you did, (or more correctly, didnt do), which was to not report the distributions out of the HSA on your income tax return.  You need to make them understand that all distributions were properly used for qualified medical expenses and, therefore, you owe no tax.  This may take some back and forth between you and the IRS, I have no idea if theyll simply accept your story, demand that you file an amended income tax return, or even require some documentation on your part.  But if youve stated your situation correctly here you should not owe additional tax.Tom Young  


I have filed as a resident alien for 2015 and it is my first year in the US. I received a form 1042 S with Income code 29 (Interest Income), Chapter 3 Exemption code 02 (Exempt under IRC (other than portfolio interest)) and Chapter 4 Exemption code 15 (Payee not subject to chapter 4 withholding). The amount in box 7 (withholding) and 10(credit) is zero. However, since I am a resident alien, I am not sure if I should pay tax on this income. And I have already filed my tax returns without it since I got this statement after filing. Should I file an amendment and pay tax on this or just report it with 1042 S but pay no tax. I am not sure why I am exempt as per this form. Can someone please tell me the process and forms to be filled? Any exemption claim I can make?  

If this is interest income you earned while in the Us, it is taxable to you.You will need to amend your return to add that income and also to change your return to a dual status alien return (unless you are married and you declared you want both be treated as resident aliens for the entire year and you reported worldwide income for the entire year).Turbotax does not support dual status returns.You should also provide your bank form W9, so they will report interest income correctly in the future (assuming you are still in the US).Publication 519 for more details: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/  


When the return downloaded it was all 0  

You have to sign onto your\nonline account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.\n Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have\nused - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nWhen you sign onto your online account and are on\nthe Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Download all forms and\nworksheets\n\nOr, if you have already\npaid the TurboTax account fees and are working within the 2015 tax return,\nclick on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the TurboTax Print Center window, select from the dropdown Forms filed with the government\nplus all worksheets.  Choose the option on how you want to print\nor save.  


I would like to access a copy of last year tax return but am unable to do. The system is not recognizing my information as a past client and is not pulling past years on my time line.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577  


Franchise Tax Board sent me a notice of tax return change, saying that they calculated my CA income tax withholding differently that what I say. Now I suddenly owe $2,000. I checked my withholding from my W-2, and there was no error found. I really dont have a clue how could they calculated it to be even less than withholding from just one of my W-2. Anyway, was anyone successful in calling FTB? I am out of country and have no other means that I can talk to them really, but the waiting time is like 2 hours (on international call!). I also wonder what happens if they dont respond to my dispute before the due date. What is also ridiculous is that the balance is due in 2 weeks from the notice. I just got forwarded this letter and really am feeling frustrated.  

Withholding is not "calculated."It is factual data as shown on the tax form(s) you received, and as recorded and submitted to the FTB by your income sources (employers, etc.).If there is a mismatch between what you submit on your income tax return and what the FTB has received from your income sources, then you would receive a correction notice from the FTB. The letter you received should have provided instructions and contact information.There is a document outlining the FTB audit and appeals processes at the following FTB web page.In particular, page 11 of that document details the requirements for your response correspondence.   See:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/misc/985.pdfThere also are help topics and contact information on the following FTB web page.   See:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/contact.shtml?WT.mc_id=Global_Utility_Contact  


I received  my state but never my federal. I went to the website and it still said prossessing. Help me please!  

Is that what it displays at the IRS Wheres My Refund website?  \ni.e.,when you use the tool at the IRS website below, it says your \nFederal return is still processing?\n  http://www.irs.gov/Refunds\nIf so, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the reason for the delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If\n you dont get good results from the IRS, you can consider contacting \nthe IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service for assistance.  At the following IRS \nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you \nthe number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf\n you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can \nalso try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service \nat  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


I have not received the state tax refund, when I checked instruction generated by TurboTax, learnt that I should have mailed the official return with W-2 before April 18 2016. How do I go about this now?  

The procedure for mailing is the same before, on, or after April 18th. Submit your return to the address designated by your states revenue division.  


i have the file but not the software  

So you have the *.tax2013 data file?   You have to have the 2013 desktop software to open it.  What are you needing to do with the 2013 file?   Are you needing to prepare an amended return?Did you prepare the 2013 return online, or did you prepare it in desktop software?  By download did you just mean you downloaded the tax file from your online account, or did you mean you used a program download to prepare the 2013 return?Did you purchase 2013 software as a download previously from TurboTax?   If so, it should still be in your download account.  Use this link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find it there, you may have multiple accounts, and could have ordered it in another account. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have morTe than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I need this ASAP!!!  

You dont say which years you are talking about.  Any 2015 return should be available no matter if you filed for free or paid.  A 2014 return that you filed for free will be locked unless you paid to file for 2015.  That should unlock the 2014 return, but sometimes it doesnt; and the automatic unlock only works if you are using the same account for both years.  If you paid for a different account in 2015 than the one you are trying to retrieve, or if you used the same account but the unlock is not being accepted, you need to call customer support.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


My husband and I both contributed $5,000 each to a flexible spending account last year.  We didn't realize the max was $5,000 per couple until this year.  How do I adjust this on my tax return?  We are doing married filing separately.  

If you are living together and not separated:When filing separately, only one of you can claim the child as a dependent.  That parent can use a $2500 FSA benefit.  Turbotax will pick up the $5000, apply the $2500 toward qualifying expenses, and add the remaining $2500 back to the parents taxable income. (The good news is, unlike most other situations, there is no additional penalty.  It just becomes taxable income.)  The parent who does not claim the child as a dependent gets no FSA benefit at all and the entire $5000 is added back to their taxable income.If you have two children, each parent can claim one child as a dependent and then use $2500 of the FSA tax-free, and the other $2500 ($5000 total) will be added back to taxable income.  It will be shown on line 7 with the notation DCB.If you were filing jointly and have only one child, you would be able to use a total of $5000 of FSA benefits, so only $5000 would be added back to taxable income instead of $7500.  So this is going to be a significant tax penalty for filing separately, in addition to a number of other deductions and credits that are disallowed for separate filers.Married filing separately is the worst filing status, and it is almost always better to file jointly if you agree to do so, even when there is a large gap in incomes.Make sure that the parent who is not claiming the child as a dependent does not even list the child in Turbotax.  There is an interview question about custody agreements that only applies to divorced or separated parents, and answering it when you are not separated can lead to incorrect results.If this is a marital separation and the parents have been living apart since at least July 1, 2015:Then the parent who had custody the majority of the time can claim the child as a dependent and use head of household status, which allows them to use all $5000 of the FSA tax-free.  The other parent cant claim the child and use any of the FSA.  


i don't even remember setting a password and I certainly know the answer to the security question but still it say invalid , ugh.  Anyone else have this as an issue after updating Turbotax 2015?  

If this is your 2015 tax file (2014 is different) then the password is local and if you cant remember it, you are probably skunked.  You may have entered a typo for the security question so that it is not working.  I am not aware of any upgrade issues.  However, you can try calling customer support in the morning and maybe they will have a solution. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 


I was a resident of US for tax filing purpose during 2015. My Wife is on F1 visa. We filed out federal and state taxes jointly. I have foreign accounts and i have filed  FBAR for all the individual accounts. Are we required to file FBAR for my wife ?  

If she has her own foreign accounts too that you are not a co owner of, then yes. If her only foreign accounts are joint accounts with you, she would already be listed as co owner on your FBAR and no additional FBAR would be required for her.Also, how long has she been in the US? Did you ever attach a statement that you both choose th treat her as resident alein? 


box 7 Income this appears what does it mean  

SCH means taxable portion of a scholarship (the amount that is more than tuition plus other required expenses).  For scholarships, any amount that is more than tuition plus required course expenses (like room and board) is taxable income and is added to line 7 with any other taxable income you have.  


I my state tax on March 19th, 2016.  I just received a letter in the mail I did not pay it, and now its late and they are charging me $117.  Why was this not taken care of.  

It is your responsibility to see that any state income tax due is paid by April 18th.  


CA FTB determined I owed money, determining my withholding was almost $4000 less than what is shown on my forms.  This is after we sent them my W-2 and 1099-R which adds up to withholding claim  

Updated Answer 06/05/16 --It's confirmed that there are withholding recording problems in California this year.Thanks to SuperUser, Zbucklyo,  here's a bulletin from the FTB about the issues:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml  


Shared with other policy holders  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5282342  


how do I print them online  

Have you already filed?  If so, see this FAQ on printing online returns for your records:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463  


We found information in multiple different places stating the processing can take 3 weeks. In another place, it said 12 weeks. In another it said 16 weeks. Any experience with this?? TIA!  

afc472 is correct. You should go ahead and mail in your return.  


How can I see a break down of what Turbo tax paid to the state or federal based off of my deductions. I got a notice from California that I have payments due however my assumption was that Turbo Tax paid that amount for me when they deduct from my returns.  

wrong assumption.TurboTAX wont pay your state tax for you out of your Federal refund. That is your responsibility.  


EDD is auditing me for the month of June 11/2011 ~June 18/2011 like to verify  who i worked for and if this is a error i do not see it on my taxes  

Hi ~ your taxes will show who you worked for during the year, but no specific dates.  You will need your paystubs for that time period or your W-2 for that employer, which should have the dates on it.  Good luck!  


i have ll my paper work saying that i ill get my tax return 3-4 weeks but i logged back in and now its saying that nothing happened.  

What do you mean by its saying that nothing happened?  Does that mean you cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a new one?    Or do you mean you can see your return, but it hasnt been filed?If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


TRANSFER DATA FROM BAD DESKTOP TO LAPTOP BUT THERE I AM NOT ABLE TO OPEN MY TAX RETURN BECAUSE THE TAX RETURN CONTAIN THE CALIFORNIA AND THE ARIZONA TAXES AND MY LAPTOP DOES NOT HAVE THE TWO STATES INSTALLED. WHAT CAN I DO.  

You will need to phone TurboTax Support and ask for the state program downloads to install before you try to open the *.tax data file.it also depends on how you bought the state programs.  You can look in your download account to see if they there, but if you bought them directly through the desktop software, they probably wont be in your online account.  In any case, it cant hurt to look:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadTo get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Got a letter from the CA Franchise tax board today in the mail not 2 months after e-filing and sending them a check for the amount owed, since apparently they wanted more than was withheld. Even though we entered everything into turbotax, and imported W-2's electronically without issue, our sole source of incomes, the CA Franchise tax board states that we under-reported our income somehow, and owe 5 times what we just paid them. How does Turbox F#@^ such a simple return up, or is it the California FTB that somehow has different data then our employers / W-2's. It was just a married filing jointlytax return, with no deductions, and we mailed them a check w/ CALIFORNIA FORM 3582 (e-file) generated by TurboTax. Not sure why California thinks $2000 less was withheld by our employers. W-2's match E-FILE / FORM 540 / Line 71 California income tax withheld.I need this like I need another hole in my head..  

You are not the first to post this issue with CA ... so simply respond politely to the notice with the proof that CA is wrong.  


Im following the help articles, and they aren't helping me at all. I think I need to upgrade in order to access my tax return, and that's fine, but I can't figure out how to pay to upgrade!! The help article says to click on the big, orange button... and there isn't one.  

In order to get to the Upgrade link and pay so you can unlock prior \nreturns, since you already filed the 2015 return, you must first open \nyour already-filed 2015 return back up.NOTE:  Before upgrading and \npaying, be sure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns; \ni.e., that you at least see evidence of the locked 2014 returns in the \n2014 Tax Timeline of the same account.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed.  


I am following up on the above 2015 tax transaction, authorization # ###### from April 2nd, 2016, and seeing when I will receive the return. Please advise  

If you e-filed your return\nwith TurboTax Online you can check the status of your return at https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n\nYou can check the status of\nyour refund at the IRS website: http://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nYou can also call the\nautomated IRS refund hotline at 1-800-829-1954.\n\nEven though the IRS issues\nmost refunds in less than 21 days after your tax return has been received, its\npossible your tax return may require additional review by the IRS that would\ndelay your refund.\n\nConsider calling the IRS\nabout your refund if it has been:\n\n        \n21 days or more since you filed electronically;\n\n        \nMore than 6 weeks since you mailed your paper return; or\n\n        \nThe Wheres My Refund? tool directs you to contact them.\n\nContact the IRS at\n1-800-829-1040 if your refund is delayed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I am your customer, and paid for the audit assistance while filled my taxes. I need your assistance please. Only one week left to justify this. For more info use my email address to contact me. Thanks!  

Audit Defense will help you with your IRS notice, even if its not an actual audit. The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense for the year that the IRS is questioning, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.  Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you.  


Misplaced tax forms and I need to file FAFSA  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Apparently, my tax return is STILL processing.  How can that be?  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I need a copy of them ASAP. I paid the fee to file so should have access to them  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


In order to track my refund on the NY state website I need to know the exact amount of my refund.  I do not have access to my returns when I login to the website.  This is very annoying, I've been waiting for my NY state refund for too long!  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


working married couple with one child.  

You can use the W-4 calculator at this TurboTax website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/Or you can use the IRS W-4 calculator at this IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/irs-withholding-calculator  


I cant access my account as Im being asked to pay again.  I was given a support number 2 days ago but havent managed to get through to xxxxxxxx.  Can I have another number?  The original incidence number was :  xxxxxxxxxx  

No, you will have to wait until it is accepted or rejected. If it is accepted you will have to amend. If it is rejected, you can then make any changes you want before you refile it.  


I don't know how to print that form to mail by in to the IRS.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I sold my house after living in it for 23 months and 26 days.  I plan to seek a partial capital gain exclusion based on a health related move in order to take care of my adult son who suffers from ADHD?  IRS publication mentions disease and illnesses and I assume ADHD falls into that category but wanted to confirm so.  

The hardship definition is kind of nebulous.  It has to be something unforeseen that requires or at least makes it strongly advised to move.  For example, if you buy a 2 bedroom house and 6 months later you discover you are pregnant with triplets, thats a qualifying hardship.  But if you bought the 2 bedroom house knowing you are pregnant with triplets, and then decide you cant make it work, that would not qualify for the hardship partial exclusion because even though you reasonably need to move into a bigger house, it was not unforeseen at the time you bought the first house, and you either dont get the exclusion or you tough it out the last couple of months.So here, lets say youve decided that the daily commute to his treatment facility is just too long.  If the commute was unforeseen when you bought the house then it could qualify for the exemption (like, he was being treated closer to home but that facility closed and the only suitable facility is far away).  But if he was always treated at this location and thought you could make it work, then it was not unforeseen that it was too far and therefore not qualifying.  You could have or should have bought a house that was closer 2 years ago, or you should have toughed it out 1 more month, and you dont get the exclusion just because you made a decision you later regret.  Something has to change about the facts that justifies the hardship.You can always claim the hardship partial exclusion, you would not send in proof with your tax return.  Instead, you would wait and see if the IRS decided to investigate (usually starting with a correspondence audit -- they send a letter asking you to send an explanation back that justifies the hardship) (not every claim gets investigated).So the questions to consider are, why was it necessary to move due to your sons condition; and was it unexpected and unforeseen when you bought the house 23 months ago. 


i want to speak to someone, why does it say you are closed  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Computer crashed and need copy for bank re-fi  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


After sending in 1092 like I was asked my adjusted gross income transferred from page 1 to page 2 of my return does not match my originally filed return now they want a newly completed tax return with original signatures and all forms. What do I do ?  

Resubmit in the manner instructed by your IRS letter.  


another w 2 form  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 


I am trying to decide whether it is a good idea to spend money on a piece of office equipment if the info that I store on it cannot be used. I have a home office that is over run with paper work and I am trying to get everything organized and I thought that one of the neat desk would be a good idea if the info could be used.  

This is not a tax question.  


I receive the refund from a different W-2 but when I add another one it didn't and I'm still waiting  for almost 2 months now.  

You cant just enter another W-2 in TurboTax after you have filed your tax return. If you got another W-2 after you had already filed, you have to file an amended return to add the new W-2. An amended return cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It has to be filed on a special form, Form 1040X. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.Go to the following link for instructions to amend a 2015 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online. Before you do this, delete the second W-2 that you entered. To amend your return you have to start with the return exactly the way you originally filed it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineIf you filed a state tax return, you will have to amend that as well.  


I tried changing email in accounting but did work  

Follow the instructions given here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3223999-i-need-tochange-email-address  


Is it too late to obtain TurboTax's Representative services now that I have been audited by the IRS for my 2013 taxes?  

If youve been audited by the IRS that suggests you represented yourself and the IRS has reached some conclusion and probably created a bill for additional taxes.  At this point its too late for representation, (i.e, a tax professional that will deal directly with the IRS on your behalf), but you can avail yourself of TurboTaxs Audit Support:Our Audit Support Guarantee provides free audit guidance from a trained tax professional to help you understand why the IRS contacted you and to answer your audit questions. Its built into all personal versions of TurboTax.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901504-what-is-the-turbotax-audit-support-guaranteeTom Young  


I was not able to locate any of previous tax returns online and need a copy of my 2014 return I filed with turbo tax  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Hello. I own an S-corporation and want to make my spouse a shareholder. She does not have SSN nor EIN, just ITIN. Form 2553 - column M wants me to give Social security number or employer identification number. Can she be the s-corp shareholder using having only ITIN?  

Yes, an ITIN is fine, assuming that she is a Resident (the prior post indicated that she is a Resident Alien).Is there a reason that you have changed your mind and want to keep the corporation?Is there a reason why you want her to be a shareholder?  


I have an S-corp that operated in 2014.  For 2015, a new S-corp was created that resumed operations of the first one.  The old company did not have operations in 2015, and we thought we were going to fold the old company into the new one.  We decided to make the new company a parent and the old the subsidiary.  I am not completely sure what to do with the R/E of the old company, however. Also, do I prepare a consolidated S-Corp and if so, how do I do it in Lacerte?  I didnt see where Lacerte had a form 1122 available for S-Corps.  Thank you in advance, and I appreciate your help.  

This is the Turbotax forum. Go here for Lacerte:https://accountants-community.intuit.com/questions/181891-lacerte-community-forum  


contact number  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I am claiming my daughter of 33 years as dependent in 2015 because she had no income in 2015 and we had to support her financially. She got her health insurance through Health Insurance Market Place. Am I supposed to return the health insurance credit she received because my AGI is more than 400% of Federal Poverty level  

If you claim her as a dependent, yes.As your dependent, she shouldnt have received any Advance credit unless it was based on your Household Income.  Make sure it is corrected for 2016.However, if you do not claim her as a dependent, she could file a tax return and include the 1095-A on her tax return (she still can not claim herself because you are ABLE to claim her).  Because of her lack of income, the repayment would be limited to $300 (assuming that she is Single). 


I missed a year of filing taxes. Can that be done through turbotax or should I go see someone else?  

You can purchase and download the 2014 software here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 2014 returns must be filed by mail.  


Dear Turbo Tax,As I found unusual activity such a deductions that you have done several days ago with my bank account, I would like to report that I have not received any refunds until now. Please let me know what deduction it is, and why should my account has been deduct for refund that I do not even received.Thank you,Made Nanda  

TurboTax sent you several emails concerning payment of your TurboTax account fees.  Look in your spam or junk mail folders for the sent emails.See this TurboTax support FAQ for payment of TurboTax account fees when you requested to have the fees deducted from your federal tax refund and the IRS has delayed your tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\n  


No phone number in US for call back from expert, and where is my refund does not find anything either.  

So you mailed the return to the IRS?  Only the IRS can help you at this point.https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally 


and if so how do I do that on my return  

Health care insurance premiums and other medical expenses that you paid with out of pocket funds are an eligible medical expense that you can deduct using Schedule A for itemized deductions.  However, only your total medical expenses that are greater than 10% of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) can be deducted if you are under age 65.  If you are age 65 or older the AGI limit is 7.5%.  Your total itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for your filing status to have any tax benefit.Standard deductions for 2015 \nSingle - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or older\nHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nTo enter your medical expenses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Medical\nOn Medical Expenses, click the start or update button\n  


My state and federal returns were accepted over a month and a half ago...federal has come my way, but not state - is OK experiencing delays on this?  

Only OK can answer that.https://www.ok.gov/tax/Individuals/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/How_to_Check_on_a_Refund/https://www.ok.gov/triton/contact.php?ac=281&id=257 


If I get married, do I need to inform my employer? They don't cover my health insurance, and I file my taxes through Intuit Turbo Tax every year. So, do I have to inform them of it?  

Is there some reason you do not wish to do so?   You may wish to change your W-4, and to notify them of a (new) emergency contact.  


Order date: Feb 16, 2016Total charges: $34.99  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Need some asnwers ASAP  

J1 visa holders must file Form 1040NR, which Turbotax does not support.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/foreign-student-liability-for-social-securit...  


The child is my grandson who lives with me since March 2015.  

You will have to print your return and mail it. The IRS will investigate,  


Hi - I wonder if the company I work for can give me money to pay for my tuition (I'm pursuing an MBA) ? If so, how much can the company claim as a write off  ? and what is the process to follow for  the company ?Also, as an individual, can I claim the tuition and/or the loan interests on my tax return for next year ?I've also read about Business Deduction for Work-Related Education but I'm not sure how this would apply ? Thank you for your help.  

Do you meet this if its not reimbursed by the company?Work-Related EducationYou can deduct expenses you have for education, even if the education may lead to a degree, if the education meets at least one of the following two tests. (1) It maintains or improves skills required in your present work.  (2) It is required by your employer or the law to keep your salary, status, or job, and the requirement serves a business purpose of your employer. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdf Also see:http://www.forbes.com/sites/mattsymonds/2014/04/11/the-mba-and-the-taxman-claim-or-not-claim/#7b854a... Your employer should check with their accountant re their ability to deduct.  


I alread filed and got my refund. Now I want to see my data. I don't want any update that would change the numbers on my forms  

You can view all the forms, schedules and worksheets for your return by clicking Forms in the upper right of the screen using any of the desktop CD/Download editions on a Windows based computer.  


My IL-based partnership e-filed 2015 taxes, then changed to an LLC.I understand the IRS still treats the LLC as a partnership, and our business keeps its EIN, but still need to be informed of the name change. Per their website, "Partnerships  Notify the IRS on your current year partnership income tax return (Form 1065). If youve already filed your return for the current tax year, youll need to write to the IRS at the filing address... For multi-member LLCs, follow the partnership process."I e-filed using TurboTax Business.What address do I send the notification to?(It doesn't look like we filed with an M-3, and made less than $10 million... does that mean to use the OH address from https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-your-taxes-for-form-1065)?Also, what should I send?A blank paper with the old and new business names, and member signature?A copy of the LLC Articles of Organization, adding old business name and member signature?Finally, the bank we make our deposits to is waiting to change our business name until it receives "documentation reflecting the change from partnership to LLC from the IRS. Once I have confirmation, I will make the name change on the account."  Will we receive something like this?  

Use the address on page 4 of the attached instructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1065.pdfAlso see the attached from the IRS website:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/business-name-changeJust write a letter (on business letterhead) to the IRS at the appropriate address noted in the instructions to the 1065 explaining that you changed from a partnership to an LLC in accordance with IL state law.  Also note that you will not be making any entity election and will remain taxed as a partnership in accordance with the federal income tax regulations.Make sure that the letter is signed by a managing member and note that designation below the signature.It is highly doubtful that the IRS will send you an acknowledgment.  However, you can request this in your letter indicating that the bank would like to see a response from the IRS.Finally, when you file the 2016 tax return, I would also check the box that the name has changed.  Just a double check.  


If i wanted to serve some legal documents who should i send it too, i also wrote a complaint to the BBB  

This is a public user discussion forum. See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


1040 form for my paper filing  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


I efiled my federal tax forms.  IRS accepted them.  I received a letter from IRS to send them my W-2s, and 1099 forms.  I received a letter from IRS telling me that I will be receiving $1242.00 in refund, but I havent received it yet.  Am I suppose to file an amended form or what?  

No, you do not need to amend unless the IRS tells you to. 


I have already filed using the standard deduction. Before making that decision, I put in all the data for my actual deductions. Now I can't find a Schedule A, list of deductions, or list of donations. Where should I look for it?  

You can view all the forms, schedules and worksheets for your return by clicking Forms in the upper right of the screen using any of the desktop CD/Download editions on a Windows based computer.  


Searching: "Someone help I am very confused. In 2014 I received a 1098t from school I didn't even know I received one when I looked box 2 says 37180 and box 5 says 42874 I didn't have any other income and had a loan that helped pay for school that's all I don't know what to do the amount excedded looks to be about 5000 I have never done taxes and I didn't know I had to do anything and I am super scared that I was suppose to do something and now I would owe so much money someone please help me "  

If the tuition paid to the college in 2014 was more than $36,674, you do NOT need to file a tax return.If the tuition paid to the college in 2014 was less than $36,674, you need to file a tax return and include the 1098-T, and indicating how much tuition was paid to the college.  


Sept 2015 and Jan 2016 pmts of $300  

To enter estimated taxes paid (Federal, State, Local) - (See screenshot)\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Estimates, click on the start or update button\n  


I still have a D.C. drivers license and not sure yet whether I will move back to D.C. or VA or another state near by. I do own a home in NH but they don't have income tax. Not sure if that will matter. Just trying to figure out if I will end up paying the same D.C. state taxes being overseas for the rest of 2016, regardless of not having an apartment, house, or any physical presence in D.C. Employer is based out of DC as well, fyi. Wonder if anyone has any experience with this? Thanks!  

Youre in a bit of a gray area.  Here is DCs definition of part-year resident:You are a part-year DC resident if, during the year, you moved out of DC with the intent to permanently leave or moved into DC with the intent to permanently stay.You can find the full text of DCs residence rules on page 25 of this reference:http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/otr/publication/attachments/2015_D-40%20BOOK_0422...  


Need to use your softwarer  

TurboTax isnt licensed for professional paid preparers to use for client returns.  Intuit does offer professional programs though, check out ProSeries.https://taxpro.intuit.com/proseries/  


Cust service rep suggested i buy deluxe as it was $94! as following your instructions i needed to add another state then i was charged extra. Rep could not answer any questions as to why PLUS was not available to me. If i already had PLUS why was I not able to access my 2014 tax return? I would like this fee refunded.  

This is the TurboTax AnswerXchange user to user forum.  We do not have access to your account for refunds.  You will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


My babysitter is a couple years older than me and this is her only source of income. No one claims her and she has a dependent. She watches my two children (6 month old daughter and 2 year old son). When we file taxes next year, how should we file? What percentage of taxes will I have to pay for this service and what will she have to pay the state when she files? I have been paying cash and she is not licensed. Will I need some sort of proof, or is just her social and info valid enough? Please advise, thanks!  

Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/hiring-household-employeeshttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p926/ar02.htmlhttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employed-individuals-tax-center  


Please advise.  

Not with TT. You can pull the 2014 forms and instructions from the IRS and state tax websites, and do them by hand.  


[edited for privacy ]I have a similar letter re IRS return. \n......length of post..  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


Please help.  I need my info from my 2014 tax return that I filed using liberty tax.   Im trying to buy turbo tax but it is asking for my wife and kids social security numbers and I do not have and cannot get easily.  Please help me file my 2015 return.  

You wont be able to import information from a tax return filed with Liberty Tax.  Youll need to get a copy of your 2014 return from Liberty Tax and then manually enter the information you need into TurboTax.  


I am a practicing attorney in Manchester, Vermont. My client owed some money on her account, she paid on May 27 but the files are still inaccessible.  She has tried contacting you without success. How can she call and speak to someone at Turbo Tax? Thank you, Cristina Mansfield, Esq. Manchester Vt  

For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact  


Plus I am unable to get a deduction for state sales tax paid.  

See your other post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364891-my-itemized-deductions-do-not-agree-with-my-entries-where-...You get the higher deduction of Sales Tax, or State/Local Taxes Paid.  


copy of my 2015 return  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 


the directions given weren't very specific and couldn't find any of the recommended buttons to follow.  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


The letter says I now owe $800+  

California?  Just mail or fax them a cover letter with copies of your W-2 (Copy 2, State Copy) and 1099 forms that show state taxes withheld.  


Earlier I did not have ITIN for my wife and daughter and completed filing Federal Return in the category "Standard Deduction" and "Married Filling Joint" having my Child as a dependent. Now since I received ITIN for both of my wife and daughter, I edited federal tax return in Turbo Tax and I notice the refund is decreased by more than 50% after entering ITIN information of my spouse and daughter. I am trying to understand how ITIN affects the amount of refund. Why refund is shown now half of what it was shown earlier. Rest of the information still remains same. No additional income.Your response is highly appreciated. thanks  

An amended return starts your refund amount over at zero. It is expected that you got the refund of the first return already. Any refund now showing is in addition to that amount.  


I had a major surgery at the Huron regional med.center in January been laid up,have to go get another opinion next week and I will need the money to get there  

For your federal tax refund you can contact a Taxpayer Advocate.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I am married to a non US citizent. I have filed taxes as married filing speratly as my husband doesn't have a Ss# nor income in the USA. However his name appears on the returns (under filing status) . We have been married for over 7 years and use our home as primary residence. Can we benefit from the $500,000 examption if we add my husbands name to the next tax returns under Joint filing? Or do we need to do it for 2 consecutive years?  

Or do we need to do it for 2 consecutive years?\n\nTo exclude the gain you need to own and live in the home for two of the preceding five years.  To exclude the full $500,000 you both must live in the home for two of the preceding five years (and file a joint return in the year of sale.)  


i do not have a printer  

Do you have a friend or family member who has a printer?  Or, use one at a public library, but be careful when you do.sio.  


I have 3 w2s: One from TX, two from my work in MO- one with KS withholding =0 and one with MO withholding = xxx.Do I have to pay tax in KS for the earnings made in MO even if I paid income tax in MO?  

All of your earning are subject to Federal tax, but the TX ones are not for any of those 3 states.Reciprocal agreements allow residents of one state to work in a neighboring state while only paying income taxes to their state of residency.  However, Kansas and Missouri do not have such an agreement.You will have MO state taxes withheld from your pay, since you work in that state. You file a non-resident return in Missouri, and then a part year resident one in Kansas.  Kansas (your home state) will give you credit for most or all of the taxes paid to Missouri.  


I am now selling the property which is under my name. My dad purchased it for $40k and I'm selling for $63k. Title company will issue a check to me. I will then divide it 3 ways, between me and my 2 siblings. Is this subject to capital gains tax? Or any other tax? And if so how much?  

The usual rule, for a gift,\nis that the recipients basis is the givers basis (what you father paid for\nit). You also get his holding period. So you have a $23,000 long term capital gain. It all goes on your return, even though you are sharing the proceeds, because you were the owner. The gain would be reduced by any expenses of sale.But there is an exception for the gift of you fathers home home, where he retained the\nright to live there (life estate). (seehttp://www.njelderlawestateplanning.com/2010/02/articles/estate-and-inheritance-tax/life-estates-estate-tax-and-inheritance-tax-consequences/ which\nstates in part If you give away an asset and keep a life estate in that\nasset..... the cost basis of the house is stepped-up to the value\nof the house on date of death [IRC 2036])\n\n  


I paid my 1st 2016ES on 4/15/16, however I indicated incorrectly on eftps as 2015, now I received CP24 and due a bigger refund.   I already paid 4 ES payments for 2015, this one meant to be for 2016, can I send the refund check back and apply the amount to my 1st 2016 ES, thanks.    Otherwise will I have penalty for not paying 1st ES on time ?  Thanks.  

Sorry no.  You will get the refund.  Just add it to the next amount for 2016 you send in.   I wouldnt think you will have a penalty for paying the first quarter late.  Unless someone else says you can or what you can do. 


I was told that because Im 80 only have social security I didnt have to file  

Yes if you only get SS income you do not have to file a return.  Age doesnt matter at all.  No other income?  Even if you were 30 and only got SS you dont have to file.  Or what is your question about it?  


we were audited on our 2010 return and turbo tax didn't add in our 15a line for IRA distributions.  It only added it in the subline but not the 15b line therefore giving the wrong total income, hence we now have to pay more on Federal and state as we have gotten letters from both.  I have used turbo tax for several years and now not sure I will continue unless they are going to help resolve this issue which wasn't our fault but the calculating of the software that was wrong.  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


won't let me click on options to get for free  

You are in TT Federal Free. However, state is extra.Try here:www.taxfreedom.com  


my e-mail address is 2bonafide4you@sbcglobal.net....resend invoice.  

If the IRS is\nholding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where\nits not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email,\nwhich includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the\nRefund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay\nyour fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2\nadditional Account\nDebit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your\nfees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well\ndebit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has\nbeen initiated notification email.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I have been trying and not able too  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470575  


Used the How do I upgrade to PLUS? help page., but again the button its asking about does not show.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365171-trying-to-pay-so-i-can-print-2014-taxes  


in my account, it shows it is accepted  

Please check your state tax website for the status.  


How can I check and verify if I was charged once or twice for the service? I think they just deducted it from my return even after I got an email asking to pay it manually because it was taking too long. If so, who can I contact to get a refund?  

If you originally chose to pay the TurboTax product fees out of your Federal refund, and the processing of your return at the IRS was delayed, then TurboTax likely sent you an email to go ahead and pay by another method (or they would debit your bank account.)   Payment at that time does not include the service fee.Once your refund is eventually released by the IRS, they still charge the 34.99 service fee for that refund processing service (39.99 for California filers).   Is that the amount of the fee taken out or your refund--34.99 or 39.99?  If so, then that likely represents that service fee.If the IRS reduced your refund any, then you should get a letter from the IRS in 2-3 weeks explaining why.If you have any questions about your fees, you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours.   To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The house in Ireland was my husbands main residence, but he was traveling for a while and moved to the US as a resident in Sept. 2013.  There is no rental income on the home.  It was bought in 2005 for 226 Euros and is selling now for 265 Euros.  

You owe capital gains tax on anything you sell for more than you paid, whether it is a US or foreign asset.  You dont submit actual sales documents but keep them on hand in case you are audited.The same rules about the capital gains exclusion apply, if he owned it at least 2 years and lived in it 2 of the last 5  years then some or all of the gains can be excluded.  Turbotax will ask about this.If he also pays tax in Ireland, there is a foreign tax credit so you dont end up paying more than the higher amount.  In other words if you paid $5,000 tax on your Ireland income to Ireland, and owe $10,000 US tax on the same income, you would get a credit for the $5 k you already paid and only pay the other $5K.  There is nothing special about transferring money from a foreign account.  The banks will notify the IRS of amounts over $10,000 but there is no transfer tax, its just so the IRS can keep track and maybe follow up with you if they dont see income.  The simplest thing to do is to transfer the money from an Ireland bank account in his name to a US account in his name.See here for more, https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4203946  


How do I do it?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Not as this point.  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your returns were e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


that was roughly 28% of sale. how do I report this withholding? I sold at a loss and the only tax form they gave me was for dividends.  

The person making the comment is correct, if the transaction occurred in 2015.  You should have received a 1099-B. Because of the new laws, this would have both the basis and the amount of the sale. It would also show the amount of tax witheld. If the transaction took place in 2016, you wont see the 1099-B until sometime in January. But to basically answer your question, you simply add the amount witheld to your total tax witheld from your wages or salary.  


to avoid penalty  

is dental insurance mandatory like medical insurance?No.  


I called irs and they said h&r block changed my birthday but I had them pull up all my taxes and my birthday is correct on all the forms  

Contact the Social Security Admin, since that is where the IRS gets this information.  


The summary showed that "my calculations" for CA income tax withholding were significantly different than theirs, so I just reviewed our W-2s and they still add up to the same amount, exactly what I put on the return and approximately $3K different from what they say we actually withheld. The amount of difference is not a number I see elsewhere. I can communicate with them, too, but is this common? Is it possible that an employer didn't send the money they said they withheld?  

CA has sent out a lot of those letters. Just mail/.fax them a letter with copies of your W-2 (Copy 2, State Copy) and any other forms that show state withholdings.  


I was able to delete it from Federal  and thought it should carry over to California  

Deleting a federal form or worksheet does not delete the TT/Calif counterpart. You have to delete the TT/Calif form/worksheet as well.  


I havent finished my 2014 taxes and i need to get back into it, finish it and mail it.  I cant get to that part where i continue with my filing.Please call me at [DELETED]  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...  


I am having a really hard time efiling because there is an error that I am totally confused on , form 5884, this is by far the most frustrating thing I have ever come across  

no  


What does T4AP stand for?  

State inheritances taxes are not deductible.  From IRS Tax Topic 503:"Taxes and fees you cannot deduct on Schedule A include Federal income taxes, social security taxes, stamp taxes, or transfer taxes on the sale of property, homeowners association fees, estate and inheritance taxes and service charges for water, sewer, or trash collection. You may be subject to a limit on some of your itemized deductions including non-business taxes. Please refer to the Form 1040 Instructions for the limitations based on the adjusted gross income. "  


The paragraph below states, " The 1099-G amount reported inbox 2 calculation:"Oklahoma withholding plus any estimated payments you have made plus any payment with extension minus Oklahoma income tax.  

1099Gs can be issued for a variety of government payments and it sounds like you might be trying to enter the 1099G in the wrong section.  It appears from the description you are trying to enter a state tax refund so I will answer accordingly.Under Federal, Wages and Income, Other Common Income -> you should see two sections that relate to 1099G payments.  Choose the one that says State and Local Tax Refunds on Form 1099G (Not the one that says Other 1099G Income).  In this section, you should only be prompted to enter the state, the amount of the refund, and the tax year.  No other boxes or information should be necessary.  Like I said above, this form is used to report a variety of payments and the other 1099G section of Turbo Tax is where those items get reported.  Also, you only really need to enter this if you got a tax benefit (you itemized and took a deduction for state and local taxes paid on your federal return) for the year you got this refund.  


I was single at the time I'm just wondering can I go back and claim married since we got married afterwards and can I claim my stepdaughter or would I have to be married for a certain period of time  

Since you could not have filed your 2015 taxes until January 2016 at the earliest, this means that you were married sometime in 2016.  Your marital status at the end of 2015 determines how you can file your 2015 tax return.  You can't change your filing status to married for 2015. 


Need to remove all personal information, as no longer a Turbotax user.  

Your question from May 31 was answered in its original thread soon after it was asked.    It was your question of March 7 that wasnt answered.  Ill go ahead and close the 2 older threads to avoid duplication. See your May 31 thread with the answer at the link below.    If you wish to deactivate your account, the link to Customer Support to \nbegin the deactivation process was provided in that thread.   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364278-how-do-i-remove-all-records-associated-with-my-user-nameIf you started a 2015 Online return that you want to erase, you can use \nthis feature to erase the return info.  It does not remove your account \ninfo, however.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-onlineIn any case, Customer Support can explain the deactivation process and what the ID verification process consists of to deactivate an account.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I'm having trouble recovering my username and password from my existing account.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Meaning, I have health insurance in another country but not in the US.  

If you lived in another country all year you qualify for an exemption from the requirement to have health insurance. For details click the link that Critter#2 posted above. At the bottom of that page, click U.S. citizen abroad exemption.Heres how to claim the exemption in the Health Insurance section of the TurboTax interview.On the first screen, which asks whether you had health insurance coverage, select I didnt have it at any point (even though you did have the foreign insurance). Click Continue.The next screen lists a number of possible exemption situations. Check the box for Resident of foreign country or U.S. territory. Click Continue.TurboTax will tell you that the penalty has been waived. Your tax return will include Form 8965 with exemption code C to claim the exemption.  


This is confusing I need help from customer service  

If you chose the option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund, and if your refund is delayed at the IRS for an unusual length of time, TurboTax will eventually debit your bank account for the fees.  However, normally they attempt to email you before debiting it and giving you a chance to pay by some other method first.Read more in this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...When the IRS does eventually release your Federal refund, since you have already paid the product fees, only the 34.99 service fee (39.99 for California filers) will be deducted from your refund.If you need to discuss your fees with TurboTax Customer Support by phone, heres how to reach them during business hours.  Your assigned phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


When I look at my 2013 return it includes a W-2 (and other work pages) all total it is over 30 pages. However, my 2014 & 2015 returns are 9 and 11 pages respectively. Why are they so much shorter and why do they not contain the same paperwork?  

Almost certainly the difference is because you choose to print different versions of your income tax return in 2014 and 2015 than you did in 2013.  When you go to print your income tax return you are given different option as to what to print.  The shortest print outs are All official forms required fro filing and Tax Return Only.  These options print out only what youd actually mail in to the IRS if you were filing your income tax return through the mail.  These options result in the smallest number of pages printed.There are 2 other versions you might print out under the heading Forms to review or keep for your records which are Tax Return, key calculation worksheets and Tax Return, all calculation worksheets.  Each of these print options print everything contained in the Tax Return Only option plus either key calculation  worksheets or all calculation worksheets.  I believe its the all calculation worksheets option that contains the W-2 information.Tom Young  


I have been homeless since 6/2016  Because of a medical problem I had with no insurance I lost my home  I have been sleeping in my car and taking showers at a truck stop in order to work.  I have been spending 95% of my money on hotel rooms just to sleep  I need every penny I can get.  My credit score is so low no one will rent to me.  

Go to this healthcare.gov website to apply for an exemption - https://www.healthcare.gov/health-coverage-exemptions/exemptions-from-the-fee/  


Need to complete 8962, supply copy of 1095A & a newly computed page 2 of my tax return w/original signatures, showing transfer amount from form 8962  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the IRS letter that was received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


I have followed the steps given but when I click on the print save button it just takes me back to the tax timeline. when I do get to the upgrade option each time it grays out the previous version and keeps getting more expensive  

Before paying, make sure the prior returns are in the same account that you are paying in--i.e., make sure you see evidence of the prior returns in the Tax Timeline of that account.When you go to pay, it sounds like youre clicking on the wrong option at the Print Center. You have to choose this years return.\nSince you have already upgraded, open the return and once you are past the blue simple and accurate screen,  then you can pay.\n\nTo pay click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must say this years.)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.  \n\nIf an upgrade option is grayed out, it means you have already upgraded to that level.  You dont need to upgrade again.  Did you upgrade too high?To unlock prior-year returns, you only need to upgrade to Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).  Did you upgrade twice?  i.e., did you upgrade to Deluxe by mistake?   If so, youd need to phone TurboTax Support; otherwise it will charge you for Deluxe (54.99).FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Logging in today, my history is gone - no prior year tax returns, no record that I filed taxes today.  I filed successfully back in February, using the same credential for many years. Any ideas?  

Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  Often its some slight variation of the email address (if an email address was used for the user ID).If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 and past returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I saved a copy to my computer but cannot find it online.  

See this previous TT answer:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3127409-can-i-load-ttax-on-my-laptop-to-work-on-it-remote-from-hom...  


I mostly need the dresses of places dos end my state (Illinois) and federal estimated taxes for June - and for September as I will still be at our summer home.  I forgot to bring along the necessary forms.  Thank you.  

This link to the IRS shows instructions for completing and mailing the estimated tax payments along with the forms: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfYou would need to log on to your state web site to find state forms and addresses. This link can be used to find you state web site: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html  


ITS NOT UNDER THE WELCOME HOME BOX LIKE THE FAQ SAID. IM SERIOUSLY DESPERATE  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Will I need to pay quarterly taxes? I heard there was a minimum amount and that I could wait till end of year.  

These IRS websites should give you enough information on how you should proceed tax-wise for your new business -https://www.irs.gov/individuals/self-employedhttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estimated-taxeshttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employment-tax-social-security-an...  


I filled out through turbo tax and It said I owe around $900. Then, later I found out I skipped whole my property tax related information... I did fill out turbo tax again and it said I have around $1300 of refund. I did amended report and expected that $1300 of refund only.However, IRS took $900 first then $1200 refund back to me later.I thought Previous report which owed $900 will be voided once IRS accept Amended Report. but still I didn't get back $900 yet.And there's no way to contact email or phone (all automated... make me frustrated...) First of all... I want to check I understand right thing or missing something... And I want to know how to resolve this issue if I'm right.Thanks in Advance!!  

The amount on the amended return is the difference between what you owed on your original return and what you would have owed or received as a refund on your return had you filed it correctly to begin with. So it is correct that the IRS would keep you original payment of taxes owed and then refund the amount shown on your amended return. If you had done your return correctly the first time, you would have received a $400 refund. You said However, IRS took $900 first then $1200 refund back to me later. Is the $1200 a typo or did you receive a refund of $100 less than shown on your amended return? If the refund was less than the amount shown on the amended return, the IRS may have made an adjustment for some reason and should send you an explanation of what they did.  


Would I be able to download copies of my individual tax returns for the past two years?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Please I need my past taxes to submit to the IRS. Please why would she lie to me  and not call back to help. That is wrong and makes me very unhappy to do business with you guys  

To get your prior year return you will need to access your account.  If youre having issues accessing your account you go through the sites account recovery at the link below.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/  


I took a picture of my W2 and would like to know how to access that picture  

Contact your employer to get another copy of the W-2.  


I have to mail a copy to the IRS  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I purchased the incorrect Turbo Tax software and need to speak to someone please[Removed]  

Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead.  


My account is associated with an ex-boyfriend. How can I delete it  

You can not delete your account. Once youve paid or registered, TT is required to store copies of your return. These are the same requirements imposed on accountants, CPAs, and other professional tax preparers.More Information:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online 


I became self-employed beginning February 2016, and my husband (who receives a W-2) and I have filed jointly in the past. Last year we received a refund, mostly because my husband was in school full-time, while also working part-time positions. This year his annual estimated W-2 income would be $64,465.55. My estimated W-2 income is $1,485.06. So far, my estimated annual gross SE income is $5,112. I have a feeling that will increase, and also that I will obtain part-time employment somewhere, or gain additional SE income by other means, but for now that's the amount I obtained from QBSE.I recently began using Intuit's QuickBooks Self-Employed Tax Bundle to help with tracking my self-employed income as well as my federal tax filing, so that seems pretty straight-forward to me, but the state filing is what is really throwing me off.First of all, am I exempt from paying quarterly since this is my first year of self-employment, and since my husband and I received a refund last year? (I do understand if I am indeed exempt from quarterly payments that I would have to pay the lump tax sum by 4/15/17.)Secondly, I am having difficulty understanding the specifics of determining my quarterly state tax payments. When completing the worksheet that helps me calculate the NC income tax, should I be including our household/spouse and I's gross income or just my SE income for 'estimated federal adjusted gross income'? I'm not sure what to list as 'estimated additions to federal adjusted gross income' or 'estimated deductions...'. At first I assumed that only applied to my own self-employment income, but when I got to the step to enter in my standard deduction, I realized that the standard deduction is specific to the fact that we're MFJ, and that amount as it stands now would be $12,600.00. So that made me re-think the whole process of what amount I need to be entering for the gross income/additions/deductions.I'd really appreciate any assistance with the matter!  

Im not familiar with QBSE, but you may find these previous TT answers helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900956-can-turbotax-calculate-the-estimated-payments-for-next-yea...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900951-how-does-turbotax-calculate-my-estimated-tax-payments 


The IRS says they transferred my refund to my bank account, but it never arrived. It turns out the routing number and account number on my 1040 pdf copy are not the numbers I entered for my electronic refund. It looks like there was some kind of scamming operation going on with my 2015 TurboTax.  

OK. Dumb me. I didnt send the refund to my bank. I sent it to an investment account. Sorry!  


HELP  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


no help button no plus upgrade option  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 


If I can't pay the $650 now will I get in trouble and will they take it from my taxes next year, I want them to do that  

There are additional penalties for failure to file, so be sure to file your return even if you cannot pay the taxes due.  


I do not understand how, if, & where, I can claim the $ amount that I paid into an invention when I file taxes. I have not acquired assets from it yet. Can anyone tell me in plain english? I have had 2 answers but, do not understand them????  

Did you apply for a patent on the invention?\n\nPatents\nare amortizable assets. Costs to secure the patent including legal fees would\nadd to the cost of the patent, which would be amortized over time (15 years.)  If the patent income, for example, would be\nreported on Schedule E for rents and royalties, the patent expenses would also\nbe reported on that schedule.\n\nIf\nyou are already engaged in a trade or the costs of research and\nexperimentation are generally capital expenses. However, you can elect to\ndeduct these costs as a current business expense. Your election to deduct these\ncosts is binding for the year it is made and for all later years unless you get\nIRS approval to make a change.  See IRS\nPub 535 here, which includes a link on how to make the election if it applies\nto you:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p535/ch07.html#en_US_2015_publink1000208875\n\n  


the wrong pin number. I can.t seem to get to it, to revise it  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


My computer crashed and I lost my 2014 and before tax return data.  When I went to my account, it said I did not file with turbo tax.  I have been using turbo tax for many years.  How do I recover my tax data?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


My husbands income was duplicated an we already received tax check. How do I fix this as we will have to get health insurance  

You would need to prepare, print and mail an amended return form 1040X to correct your original return. DO NOT change your original tax return until you start the amended return. If you have already changed it from the way it was originally filed and accepted, you must change it back before you start the amended return. Wait until you receive the refund from your original return before beginning your amended return to make sure you enter the correct amount. Here is an FAQ to help you:                                                                  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed  


i have already e-filed my taxes for the 2015 year and they were accepted and ive already recieved my return. I need to retrieve a copy of my filed 2015 tax return for use in buying a house.  Any help would be appreciated  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I called customer support and they are not helpful- they are telling me I am stuck paying again.  That doesn't seem right or fair.  FYI, I have not filed the first return, but I have paid.Any ideas.Thanks  

It depends on what you ask for (and what they think you are asking for).  If you start asking to file a second return online for free, they will say no, and may get stuck in that mode.  If you start by asking to switch to the download version and apply the cost you already paid, they should do that.  Try and escalate the call if person #1 is not helpful.  


i would like to transfer money to my mother overseas for nursing home , she is not a US citizen , am I confined to the 14,000 $ gift money ? or can I transfer more while declare it in my next year's report and pay tax or something , is there a limit on the amount transferred  ?  

You can transfer whatever amount you want to transfer.The $14,000 is a limit on reportable gifts to any one person for gift tax purposes.  You can give any amount over that if you want, but would have to file a US gift tax return.  Even then, unless your lifetime gifts have been over $5,000,000+ it would only be an information return - you would owe no gift tax.  


Line 64 on 1040 is higher than my withholding (box 2) of W2.  I can't tell where the extra is coming from (and now have a letter from irs also asking).  The difference appears to be box 6 on the W2 which says "Includes add med"....can anyone explain if this should be included in the withholding sum?  

Yes for high income there is an extra Medicare tax.  The extra Medicare tax shows up on 1040 line 62 and on form 8959 and then it adds the same amount to your federal withholding (from box 2) on line 64 to offset it. Extra Medicare tax for high income, seehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2560264-what-is-the-additional-medicare-tax  


According to FAFSA and USC I cannot file head of household. Does that change my original return amount?  

Tell the fools that you can file HOH if you qualify and they cannot force you to do otherwise. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4206137\n\n  


I need to view and print my 2015 taxes as I made a mistake on them.......I was never advised that if I used the so called FREE tax, that I would have to pay to review them........this is something that should be mentioned in advance ......I would have gone with H&R block, where free is free !!!!!!!!  

If you used the Free edition, completed and filed your tax return you do not have to pay for an upgrade.  Just download the PDF of your 2015 return to view or print.You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I was charged for both fed and state. I only wanted to electronically file fed.  

If you are filing online, the fee is for preparation (including optional e-filing), not just e-filing, so you owe the state fee either way.If you have already transmitted both returns, youre finished unless they are rejected.  If you have not transmitted your returns, you can click the personal tab to exit the filing interview, then click the File tab to start the file interview over from the beginning.  There is a page where you can click a button to print your state return and file by mail instead of e-filing.  You may have skipped past that page originally.  


You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access the prior year online returns.  You can pay for the Plus edition you are currently using.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.                                           When I select my account there is no printer center                                          There is a download/print return, I selected it, still wont bring me to your credit card screen. if I tr to print a 2014 return it just keeps telling me to upgrade, but it wont let me upgrade anywhere for $29.99. NO CREDIT CARD PAGE, NO PRINT CENTER, NOTHING!!!!!!  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.THIS IS RIDICULOUS! YOUR PAGE KEEPS TELLING ME TO GO TO THINGS THAT ARE NOT THERE! IF I AM ON THE WRONG PAGE WHY WILL NOTHING GET ME TO THE RIGHT PAGE!?????  

You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access the prior year online returns.  You can pay for the Plus edition you are currently using.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


The monthly pension payments are calculated by the administrator, but do these payments count toward the general RMD?  

Yes, sort of.  If you are 70 1/2 or older it will ask if you took the RMD.  Say yes for pensions.  Anything your pension pays you is considered to be the RMD.  


Somehow my return got changed to itemized, I need to change it back  

\nClick the Federal Taxes tab  [or Personal if if Home & Business version] \nThen, Deductions & Credits.\n\nScroll all the way to the bottom, and click Wrap up tax breaks. \nOn the next screen, select Continue. \nThe next screen is titled Youve Chosen [whichever] Deduction(s). \nYou should see a check-box to Change my deduction. Check it to expand another question.\nClick the button next to Federal standard deduction of [xxx].\nThen, continue through your return.\n  


Netspend has little technical experience and always hang up on you.  They contradict themselves when they said they'd send me a paper check.  Nope i went back to the IRS.  In 2017 - not Turbo Tax and NO Netspend. It'll go to my bank.  

The sequence of events is IRS to SBTPG bank to Netspend.First, make sure the IRS has paid the refund.  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  Any date turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsThen, check with SBTPG bank.  They need to receive the refund, deduct any Turbotax fees and service charges, and then deposit the rest of the money into your instrument of choice.  That could be your own bank account, a debit card you previously owned, or a new Netspend card that you requested when you filed.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If SBTPG confirms that they deposited the money on your Netspend card, then the ball is in Netspends court Im afraid.  Start by getting the account number that SBTPG says they used and make sure it lines up with your actual Netspend account number (which may be different than the face number on the card.)  If Netspend denies receiving any money, then go back to SBTPG and ask them to put a trace on the deposit.  Assuming SBTPG received the money in good order and processed the deposit request, then it is SBTPG who initiates the trace.  If there was a problem with the account numbers, the money might be in a holding account between the two institutions, for example.  


I have to file by June 15 and do not know how to do this since I have not ever been a 1099 employee.  

You don't have to send in the quarterly estimated payments, at least not the first year.For SE self employment tax - if you have a net profit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% SE Tax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it. So if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put you into a higher tax bracket.You must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Or here are the blank Estimates and instructions from the IRS..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 17, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms. You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state.To pay the IRS electronically See http://www.irs.gov/uac/Electronic-Payment-Options-Home-Page  If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters.  


I have not received my card yet. I would like to know what card to look for. how will I know?  

Netspend. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899161-more-information-about-the-netspend-premier-visa-prepaid-c...Please contact NetSpend directly at 1-855-646-8848. 


I want to know if I will be penalized.  I submitted my return on 4/13/2016 but didn't realized they had been rejected until today when I was going through my returns.  I am worried because I didn't know they had been rejected.  

There is a late filing penalty and a separate late payment penalty.  Both are a percentage of what you owe, so if you are expecting a refund, there is no penalty for being late.  If you do owe, the penalty for late filing (as of today) is about 10%, and the penalty for late payment is about 1% (interest).  


I need to cancel MAX Assist and Defense bundle  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4842224  


I purchased my home in July of 2012 and used it as a primary residence. In January of 2014 I converted the home to a rental property since I moved out of state. I am thinking of selling the property in August of 2017. I plan on seeing a gain of at least 100K, not including appox. 25K in depreciation taken over the time period. I am also married, what will the tax treatment be? Will I qualify for the partial exclusion since I resided in the property for less than 2 years?  

Although it sometimes could be a gray area, most likely you do not qualify for the exclusion.Even if you moved out of your home because of a qualifying circumstance (such as new job), the fact that you rented it for over 3.5 years would probably disqualify the partial exclusion.  It would be difficult to say that the primary reason for the sale was because of the qualifying circumstance (such as the new job), and 3.5 years between the move and the sale definitely does not seem to be proximate in time.  As such, you would pay taxes on the full gain.The $25,000 of depreciation will probably be taxed at 25%, and the other $100,000+ gain is usually taxed at 15% (depending on your income).  If your State has income taxes, most likely it will be subject to State taxes as well.However, it often affects other things on your tax return.  Some credits and deduction could be reduced or eliminated due to the higher income, and you could be subject to the 3.8% Net Investment Income Tax.The best way to get a real idea of the tax consequences of the sale is to create a mock tax return in TurboTax (preferably with the CD/downloaded version) using your estimated numbers for the year.  You can enter all of your other information (wages, etc.) first to see the results, then add the sale of the home to see what the difference would be.  


I accidently destroyed the ES1040 vouchers for 2016.  Can you duplicate them so I can print?  

Did you save your return as a pdf file to your computer?  You should do that.  You may need a copy of your return someday.  Save the pdf with all the worksheets and the 1040ES should be included.  Then  you can print them out anytime, like each quarter when you need it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3333012  


Need some big help and dont have the money to find someone to help me On the Marketplace Health Insurance website, it clearly states that when your salary increases you should inform the Marketplace right away to avoid a penalty payment at the end of the year.I did exactly that. From January-May 2015 I only worked part time and OVERESTIMATED my income in the marketplace to avoid any penalty fees. In June 2015 I was promoted to full time, cancelled the Marketplace health insurance and took health insurance from my job. Now because they are saying my overally yearly income was more than I stated, I have to pay back a huge amount $1500. But I was only making more for HALF of the year, and that HALF of the year I WAS NOT provided with health insurance from the Marketplace. How can I fight this? They are only looking at my yearly income and not looking at the fact that I was only covered for half the year at that pay rate and then I cancelled it.  

Sadly you cannot fight this requirement to pay back the advance credit ... this is the downside of taking the credit in advance since it is calculated as an annual credit so if things change significantly you lose big time as you can see. If you dont like the way the system is set up then complain to your congress persons and get the situation changed.  


I moved to GA in Sep, 2014.  It seems there was a timing issue getting my address updated with my retirement administrator.  If I didnt live in SC in 2015, but there is info for SC in Box 13 & box 14 of my 1099R, do I have to file SC state in 2015?  

If it was a retirement distribution it is sourced to the state you are a resident of.  If not SC, then no SC return is required.(You might ask the issuer why they are designating it as SC, as the SC Dept of Revenue may inquire about it.  As SC has some good retirement exclusions, then they wouldnt unless it is substantial.)  


I paid for it it on one of them because I lost access to my [removed] account for a while. I just want my 2012 return information  

Please be aware this is a public Internet forum.  For your own privacy/security, please do not post personal info in the public forum.  No telling who might try to contact you.Are you saying you paid for TurboTax PLUS in one account, but that you have a locked 2012 return in another account?If so, you will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday to ask them to unlock the other account.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


May you tell me how I can take my last income tax request 2016 that I did with impoNet. Because I used TurboTax  

This is the TurboTax US user to user forum.  If you filed a Canadian tax return you will need to go the TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


Why didn't TurboTax tell me to include this payment?  

Turbo tax does include an estimated tax payment on the form 1040 line 79 however the IRS will compute the final penalty (plus interest) based on when they get and process your payment. 


Need you to grant me excess to his turbo tax information. Thanks.  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access anyones personal records or help get you access to an someone else account.  You can try calling TurboTax by phone and see what your options are in this type of situation.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/Support is open Mon-Fri 8-5 Pacific Time, so theyve closed today and wont be open until Monday morning.  


MY daughter called IRS # for me to retrieve my so called tax ID #. They said I DO NOT have one, enter 0. That didnt work. You say if I have my AGI from 2014 thats enough so whats the deal guys? Lets get it done  

If you wish to verify with AGI use the AGI amount from your original 2014 tax return, before any amendments. Leave the PIN fields empty. If you enter the correct amount it will work. 


Very cagey and frustrating.  Amazed that Intuit would pull such a fast one.  

California filers who need to remove Premium Services will also have to remove the refund processing option (paying the fees out of the Federal refund), and pay upfront with credit card, debit card, or a prepaid debit card.If you cant remove it prior to filing using the info in the FAQ below, and then choose to pay upfront with credit/debit card, youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday for realtime assistance.California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-feeTo get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Why did the Turbotax instruction sheet not say anything about the W-2s or other required forms? I depend on Turbotax to tell me this stuff, otherwise why would I be paying this program? What can I do? Can I send a copy of the W-2 or does it need my original form?  

VA has been asking for paper copies of these. It may be that they have not received them (such as the W-2) from the employer, so cannot verify (for example) state taxes withheld.  


[number removed]  

The IRS will be sending you a letter about the adjustment that they made.You will receive an email with your Rewards on an Amazon.com e-certificate (up to the max amount for each qualified referral), approximately 45 days after your Friend redeems their special offer.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3150189-referral-reward  


My federal agi is higher than my wages earned, shouldn't that be lower?  

See lines 7-21 here to see what constitutes income:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040.pdf  


is there a way to refile my taxes. i need the money and grown tired of waiting...  

you cannot refile. If IRS has no record, perhaps you did not file at all. In which case you can file now.  


I am a green card holder. I have income from a U.S. employer on Jan 2015. Then I was hired to work in China, starting June 2015. I stayed in U.S. during the gap (Feb., March, April, and May), so I couldnt pass the physical presence test if my tax year is Jan. 01, 2015 to December 31, 2015. The software suggested me change my tax year. I dont know how to do change that. Should I file form 1128 and then have 1/1/2015-5/31/2015 as the 2015 tax year or 1/1/2015-5/31/2016 as the 2015 tax year? Please advice. Thank you!  

the physical presence test is not limited to one tax year. You need to have been abroad 330 days out of a period of 365 days. SO you could use a period of 06/01/2015 - 05/31/2016 for example for the physical presence test.  


Can excess funds to an AZ 529 span multiple years?  Example: I funded an AZ 529 plan in 2014 for $15,000 and AZ allows $4,000 as Max, so will I be allowed to carry $11,000 forward taking deductions in the following three years?  

The Arizona statute doesnt specifically address your question, but it does use the wording amount contributed during the taxable year, so I suspect the answer is No.http://www.az529.gov/az529Website_2010/Planning_And_Tools_ArizonaTaxIncentive.htmlYou might want to contact the AZ 529 authority to be sure.  Heres their contact info:http://www.az529.gov/az529Website_2010/Contact_Us.html  


After entering the amount I paid in student loan interest n 2015, it showed that I would receive a tax break of a certain amount. But the Federal Refund icon is 0. And it shows no tax refund. Why is that?  

The Student Loan Interest Deduction reduces your taxable income therefore giving you a tax break of a certain amount  ....  it is not included in your refund as it is not a refundable credit.  Review your tax return to see how the deduction works.  


I don't have the slightest clue!  

You cannot prepare\npast year returns online, but you can purchase prior-years software to install\non your computer.  Past-year returns cannot be efiled; they must be\nprinted and mailed.  If preparing multiple returns, do not mail them in\nthe same envelope; mail them separately.\n\nYou can purchase\nfrom TurboTax, or you may be able to find the software at a reputable\nauthorized retailer like Amazon.  TurboTax officially supports the current\nyear and the prior 3 years.  For years prior to that, theres no guarantee\nthat the software can still be updated or the state return available.\n\nHeres where to\npurchase from TurboTax as a download:\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/  


Whom do I need to contact (and how!)? This should be covered by the TurboTax guarantee, I assume.  

A notice from the IRS\nor a state would usually mean one of several things:\n   1.  The Turbotax software\nmade an error, \n   2.  The issuer of an\ninformation return such as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \n   3.  The IRS or state made an\nerror in processing the return, or\n   4.  The Turbotax user\nentered incorrect or incomplete information or did not answer questions\ncorrectly.\n\nThe Turbotax accuracy guarantee covers any\nadditional interest or penalties that you would incur, but only due to the\nfirst type of error.  To submit a claim, see these instructions: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/accuracy-guarantee/?_requestid=113272\n\n(Note - the Turbotax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.)  


It appears IRS has calculated tax at highest rate, but I think most if not all of the DIV income was "qualified". Have no idea how to go about re-filing through Turbo tax.  

If you used TurboTax to file the original 2014 tax return then see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotaxAn amended tax return, Form 1040X, can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed.  


I need copies  

If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.   You can also use the steps to print/download the 2014 return.   If you dont find the returns with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


WI phone numbers are down, and no luck via the web-site.  When can I expect my money?  

Please see this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1xQ7K-NbWw  


I have already completed my 2015 tax return. I came on to her to get the forms in order to fill out of my FASFA. I can not continue my classes until i get my FASFA done. It shows my 2014 return but not the 2015.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Our primary residence is 54 acre property with one house on it, we have lived here over 2 years which would exclude us from paying capital gains. We are now looking at selling the property but considering splitting it into 2 tracts for easier sale. One lot would have the house on it and the other would be a tract without a house. Would doing this require us to pay capital gains tax on one or even both of the newly created properties?  

See IRS publication 523.  The sale of the vacant land is eligible to be treated as part of the home, and eligible for the exclusion, if you have used it as part of the home, and if you sell the land and the house within 2 years of each other, even if the sales are to different people.https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-publication-523However, the publication also says If your sale of vacant land meets all these require-\nments, you must treat that sale and the sale of your home\nas a single transaction for tax purposes.  I dont know how to do that if the sale happens in two different tax years, so you may need to see a tax professional.  (If the total gain is less than your exclusion, and if there is no 1099-S issued, then the sale is not reported and it doesnt matter if the two sales occur in different years. However, if the total combined gain is more than the exclusion so that some tax is owed, or if a 1099-S is issued, and if the two sales are completed in different tax years, you will probably need a see a tax professional for help.)If you end up owning the land more than two years after selling the house, it will be treated as a sale of land and subject to gains.  You will allocate the cost basis based on the value of the house and land when you originally purchased the property.  You can allocate your legal fees and expenses incurred in splitting the parcels based on acreage, which will help raise the cost basis of the land and reduce your gain.  You also have the option of adding your property taxes to the cost basis rather than deducting them (capitalize your costs), which will lower your eventual gain (but you miss the immediate deduction.)   The election to capitalize expenses must be made in writing each year with a written statement attached to your tax return. 


I am trying to pull up my 2014 return i need to make an amendment  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


how do i claim 1099 expense deductions?  

If you have more than $100 of 1099-MISC related deductions, you must upgrade to TT Home and Business.  


Can you explain how to fill in Form 11 Rita? I filed through turbo tax and Rita says it is wrong and I need to do a form 11. I just need a clear explanation of what goes on each line. Thanks!  

Are you an employer?  Form 11 is to be completed by an employer.  So unless you are an employer you should not be completing this.  See the attached instructions:https://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471201/2015-f-11-instr..pdfAs an individual, you may need to complete form 27.  See the attached form and instructions:https://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471195/2015-pdf-f-27.pdfhttps://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471189/2015-f-27-instr..pdf  


Penalty for excess taxes owed, seems like your program should have included this item.  Always embarrassing to receive a letter from the IRS.  Better check your formulas.  

Interest and penalties are determined by the date(s) the IRS actually receives your tax return and tax payment, which TT has no way of knowing.  


I filed with Turbo Tax for several years now and I need my 2014 tax return but can't locate it.  Can I download it from your website?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Should I have reported, and paid taxes on, the 2013 state refund (from an EV Tax Credit) in 2014? Do I need to pay this full amount. A portion owed was from a 1080 that came in after filing.  

to the extent you had a general sales tax deduction, which would be augmented by the sales tax you paid on your automobile, your state refund taxable amount is reduced. Only the remaining difference might be taxed.  see the state and local income tax refund worksheet.Youll have to submit an amended tax return.I would attach that worksheet to the amended return along with a copy of your IRS letter.  


incorrect routing and account number on return  

If the bank refuses your refund because the routing and/or account number are incorrect, the IRS will issue a paper check and mail it to the address on your tax return.  


I am trying to file for the automatic 2-month extension for US citizens living abroad. I have started filing my taxes for 2015 and clearly stated that I moved abroad in June 2015. However when I try to file this extension I get a message saying "You were living in the US on April 18 and are not eligible for an automatic extension."  I was not living in the US, how can I get this corrected?  

Only if you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/If not then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdfLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the country on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8.  


PLEASE tell me how to get access to my 2014 return. I've tried playing the UPGRADE game, but it will not let me print my 2014 return..... Please help!  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Hi,I live in Brooklyn NY.  I have 2 real estate properties: a 3-bedroom condo that is my primary residence (purchased 2010) and a 2nd 3-bedroom condo (purchased 2007) that I currently rent.  I lived in the 2nd condo for one year (2007-2008) before renting it out.Now I am considering selling the 2nd condo but I dont want to get a tax bite.   I paid $575,000 back in 2007 and it was recently appraised for over $900,000 (Brooklyn real estate is still hot).Does the $250,000 exclusion rule still apply?  Would I need to move back into the 2nd condo and live there for 2 years in order to qualify.   I dont want to sell (or rent) my current residence, so are there exceptions to this criteria and how would I get one?If I sell the 2nd residence, do I need to immediately roll the profits into another property?  Or, preferably, can I roll it into an investment fund instead?Thank you,\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRT  

No, the $250,000 exclusion does not apply, and there probably isnt much you can do about it.  Sorry.The only option would be to use a QUALIFIED 1031 exchange and purchase a different rental or business\n property.  If you do that, you would want to work through a third party\n that would handle the exchange.  Doing it wrong would invalidate it.  \nThe new property would need to be for rental or business use.  Nothing \nelse would work.If you did you move back into the other \nproperty for 2 years, you would get a prorated exclusion.  Lets say you\n owned that property for a total of 10 years, and 3 of those years it \nwas your principal residence (30% of the time).  You could only use 30% \nof the $250,000 ($75,000) exclusion.  Its a bit more complicated than \nthat, but that is the rough idea of it.If you sell it by an installment sale (you receive payments over several years), it will usually reduce your overall taxes.  


I paid for basic TurboTax service. No upgrades.  

See this previous TT Q&A:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3239661  


I filed my 2015 income taxes with Turbotax (Downloaded)  

The bank is looking for your YTD financial statement.  Tax forms for 2016 wont be available until late this year.  


Will I have to do anything else once I change the information? Will I have to resubmit the form?  

Once your tax return has been filed and accepted, you cannot change that information, When the IRS issues the refund it bounces back, they will mail you a check.  


Also keep being asked to fix the return and don't see anything to fix.  

\n Under the Federal Taxes tab (or Personal tab\n in Home and Business)Deductions &\n Credits.\n Ill choose what I work on.Scroll down to topic Estimates and\n Other Taxes Paid.\n Find subtopic ESTIMATES, and click START or\n Update.\n The next screen is titled Estimates and\n Other Income Taxes. Scroll down to Payments with Extension.\n Either click Visit All, or choose\n the type of extension payment and click START (or Update).\n Once you have entered (or confirmed if pre populated)\n the extension payment, then before filing verify that you are getting credit\n for it.  Look at Line 70 of your Form 1040 and verify that the\n Federal figure is correct.  A state extension payment is entered in\n the same navigation steps as above.  


I answered a question related to my 1099-misc that charged me like a self employment tax.  This is incorrect and i have paid too much in federal taxes and need to amend my return to receive a refund.  I have tried unsuccessfully to make this change on an amended return.  Where on the amended return do I correct this information to receive a refund?  

Something doesnt make sense here.  Please ask them why they issued you a 1099-MISC.  Are they essentially paying  rent for you to house her?  Did you issue a W-2 to the other caretaker?  (If your mother is receiving in-home hospice care, Medicare would normally cover that.)  


I have a 1099-b from tdameritrade and it seems to only have imported the gains from the sales transactions and didnt imported the regulated futures contracts losses. how do I enter this in?  

You dont report gains and losses from regulated futures contracts using the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview so nothing regarding these trades should be entered there.  You use the Contracts and Straddles interview instead.Tom Young  


You said id be fecieving my return on june 4 2016 but its still not on my card  

TT refund dates are just estimates, Please check the IRS website, as the IRS does not issue refunds on Saturdays.  


I want to delete my FL State return and just keep my nonresident GA return.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on deleting a state return from your online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900608-how-do-i-delete-my-state-in-turbotax-online  


I transferred some of my ira to my individual trading account later in the year I did a 60-day rollover for 1/2 of the amount  i took and also did a max cash contribution. I'm confused on what to enter 1099r is showing that i took the whole distribution doesn't my 60-day rollover of 1/2 the withdrawal cancel out distribution? Also 5498 Is showing rollover contributions totaling more than my withdrawal(i did an employer rollover at the beginning of the year and toward the end did a 60-day rollover of 1/2 of my distribution.  

You should have two Forms 1099-R, one for the distribution from the IRA and another for the distribution from the employer plan.  Each of these must be entered separately exactly as shown on the Form 1099-R provided by the payer.  For the distribution from the IRA, indicate in the follow-up that your moved some or all of the money to another retirement account, that you rolled over part of the money, and enter the amount of this distribution rolled over.  For the distribution from the employer plan, also indicate in the follow-up that your moved the money to another retirement account.Assuming that the employer plan was not an IRA-based plan, the amount distributed from the employer plan will be shown on Form 1040 line 16a or Form 1040A line 12a.  The amount rolled over will be excluded from the amount reported on line 16b or 12b.  The word ROLLOVER will appear next to the line.The total amount distributed from the IRA will be shown on Form 1040 line 15a or Form 1040A line 11a.  The portion rolled over will be excluded from the amount on line 15b or 11b.  The word ROLLOVER will appear next to the line.  


I need to input information about a rental property that I sold.  The regular questioning in Turbo Tax Premier isn't getting me where i need to be.  Thanks.  

TT Online does not provide direct access to forms, so all info must be entered via the interview. Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3161861-sales-of-rental-property  


could you explain to me why this happened.I didn't receive anything from either agency explaining the reason for refunds.  

You will be getting letters from both the IRS and State. Could you have entered something incorrectly?  


She already filed without me and claimed the 2 kids.  I supported all of them, but can I claim them if she already filed her return?  

You will have to file your return by mail in order to claim the children. The IRS will sort it out.The Head of Household filing status does not apply, since all of you lived together for all of 2015. File Married Separately.  


trying to do it for free.  

Please call TT Support for assistance when they reopen on Monday.  


I need a copy of 2014 and 2015  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


the married couples are son+wife,mother+father of the son - joint tenants in common, each wants to take the $500K exemption,property is worth $1M, and is free and clear, no loan. Please advise  

Yes, assuming all other requirements are met.  


under business taxes it shows special situations including the ability to exclude SE taxes.  I have a waiver from Social Security due to the US-Canada tax treaty.  The screen only allows three ways to include income, not exclude, then it tells you you are done.  It worked last year - sounds like a glitch.  How do I override this?  

I agree, you need the downloaded program to do an override entry in the forms mode. You can save a bit of money since you can get away with using the Deluxe version of the downloaded program (basic if you dont need a state return).  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/If you started your\n2015 return in TurboTax Online and want to switch to the TurboTax software,\nheres how.\n\n1.    Save your online return as a tax data file.\n\n2.    Sign out of TurboTax Online.\n\n3.    Install your 2015 TurboTax software.\n\no    Important: If your return includes a state, make sure you also\ninstall the corresponding state program(s), otherwise youll get Error 539.\n\n4.    Once installed, choose File > Open\nTax Return in the software\nprogram.\n\n5.    Browse to where you saved your .tax2015 file and click Open.\n\n6.    If you get an error, delete your tax data file\nand repeat these steps from the beginning.\n\n7.    (Optional) Once youve confirmed that your\nonline return opens properly in the software, you can clear your online return.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I have been charged twice for the 2015 Software. How do I get a refund?  

You must contact TurboTax directly for a refund. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041You can arrange a phone call only during normal business hours. At this time of year they are 8:00 to 5:00 Pacific time Monday through Friday. When arranging the call, refer to billing issue rather than refund.  


what should I do first?  

If you received a letter from the PA Dept of Revenue, promptly answer the letter.   Provide evidence of any disputed claims as requested.  If you have a specific question about PA tax law, you may post the details to the forum for feedback. 


Other services charge $29.99 for filing a state tax return and give me the option to download both my federal and state tax returns. Why does TurboTax charge another $29.99 for downloading the forms?  

...the non-state 29.99 ($30) charge is to be able to access your 2014--or earlier tax year forms that were filed in the exact same account.Once you pay, then download those prior years onto your home computer (and back them up on removable memory), then you cant be hit-up for that fee again.  However...when using the Free Federal version, that $30 fee will be needed again if you want to transfer=in the prior years information into the current years tax forms.....things like name, address, SSN, and some repeat blank tax forms....how important those are to you is up to you as to whether the extra $30 is worth itDO NOT have the software fees deducted from your Federal Refund (if any)....that ends up with yet another $35 charge.  Pay your software fees with a credit card.  


We both have lived in the same property as our primary residency for over 5 years. The property is under my name and we are getting married. I just need to know if there is a waiting period before selling, or is it enough just to be married prior to the sale (even for a week) as long as the marriage happens is in the same tax year where the sale takes place? I also assume there is no need to add the second person to the deed before selling. We are in NY. Thanks.  

$500,000 Exclusion for Married CouplesThere are certain additional requirements you must meet to qualify for the $500,000 exclusion. Namely, you must be able to show that all of the following are true:\nyou are married and file a joint return for the year\n\neither you or your spouse meets the ownership test\n\n\nboth you and your spouse meet the use test, and\nduring the 2-year period ending on the date of the sale, neither you or your spouse excluded gain from the sale of another home.\n  


Turbo Tax had a VT glitch and called saying I needed to refile. Do I start my tax filing over?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the Vermont state tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


i would like to get a refund for having to do all this leg work myself. If i knew i would have to go through all this i would have done my taxes myself. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!  

A Form 8962 is generated by the TurboTax program only after you have entered the Form 1095-A you received from one of the state marketplace exchanges and the amount shown in column B of the form was also entered.See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the IRS letter you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...If you entered the Health Insurance information correctly and the program still does not generate a Form 8962, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


in order to receive my refund I need this form  

A Form 8962 is generated by the TurboTax program only after you have entered the Form 1095-A you received from one of the state marketplace exchanges into the Health Insurance section.  The amount shown in column B of the form must also be entered.See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the IRS letter you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...If you entered the Health Insurance information correctly and the program still does not generate a Form 8962, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Turbo Tax notified me of an error in my original Vermont file.  I have updated TT and once again went through the Vermont taxes.  I notice TT has included several new forms for filing.  When I tried to e-file again TT says Ive already done so.  I do not want to re-file federal, just the state of Vermont  

You cannot. It must be mailed as indicated here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


When will it arrive?  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue or check on any refunds.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri 8am -5pm Pacific Time  


My employment and self employment is below the foreign exclusion limit, what am I doing wrong??? thank you  

A qualifying individual may claim the foreign earned income exclusion on foreign earned self-employment income.  The excluded amount will reduce the individuals regular income tax, but will not reduce the individuals self-employment tax.  


Our April 2015 mortgage thru Wells Fargo offered us the option of paying a one-time fee of $3,000 vice the monthly PMI amount.  How do I deduct this amount?  

Up-front payments of PMI have to be prorated over 84 months or the life of the loan, whichever is less.  If your loan was a VA loan then the VA Funding fee would be deductible as PMI and is not prorated.To enter PMI -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on\nUnder Your Home\nOn Mortgage Insurance, click the start or update button\n  


Federal and North Carolina  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I would like to apply all eligible foreign taxes to the foreign tax credit instead of taking the foreign income exclusion and only apply the taxes related to the un-excluded portion of foreign income to the credit.First, is this possible? Based on the IRS website, it seems to be so. https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/choosing-the-foreign-earned-income-exclusionSecond, assuming it is possible, how does one accomplish this in the TT online? The problem I am having is that the program seems to be automatically populating line 12a1 "Current year foreign earned income excluded less related deductions" from  Page 3 of the "Foreign Tax Credit Computation" worksheet with the entire amount of my foreign income. I'm not sure if this is due to some sort of erroneous checked box on my part or if it is an issue with the system. I've gone through the module about 5 times now and cannot figure out how to get rid of it. Is there a way to indicate in the "Deductions & Credits/Foreign Taxes" section that no income was excluded? Although I did previously fill out form 2555, I have since updated my filing to indicate that I am not claiming the income exclusion and have deleted that form.Note: It seems that this would be incredibly straightforward if I could simply edit the forms directly, however it is my understanding that this is only possible in the desktop program and not TT online.Any help would be greatly appreciated.  

Dear both, thank you for your help. I was able to figure it out with the TT customer service. Heres what I did (for anyone else who might be looking):First off, it turns out my 2555 form was not entirely deleted. I previously tried doing the FEIE and then decided against it. To check if the form is deleted, go to: My Account -> Tools -> Delete a form. I still had form 2555-T there and deleted from there. I also deleted forms 1116 and started from scratch (though perhaps this isnt necessary, Im not sure). Second, instead of listing foreign income under the foreign earned income section, I was instructed to list my foreign income under Miscellaneous income. To do this, I went to the Federal Wages summary page, (scrolled down to the bottom) Less Common Income -> Miscellaneous Income -> Other income not already reported...., and entered my income as misc with the description Foreign earned income.Then, I went back to the Deduction and Credits section and re-did the module on the foreign tax credit.  


Do I have to file a tax return if I am still receiving insurance benefits through work.  If I have to get Obama care plan do I have to file.  

I cant answer the question of how to remain eligible for SSDI.  You may need to discuss this with a benefits attorney.Disability pay is considered taxable income if the premiums for the disability insurance were paid by your employer, or if they were paid by you with pre-tax dollars.  Disability pay is non-taxable if you paid the insurance premiums with after-tax (out of pocket) dollars.  You will typically receive a W-2 from the disability insurance payor if the income is taxable.  You may want to have them do tax withholding to avoid a large tax bill next year.If you obtain Marketplace insurance that includes a tax credit/premium assistance, then you will need to file a tax return even if your income is not taxable, because your tax return is how the government verifies how much premium assistance you are entitled to receive.  You would expect to receive a form 1095-A from the government in January that reports the amount of assistance you received, and use that info in your tax return. 


I click the link from my confirmation email and it takes me to the Taxes page, but 2015 wants me to restart my taxes.  There doesn't appear to be a "Some things you can do" section.  It says "Tell us about you" and has the comparisons for the different versions.  

Sounds like you're in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 


I can see there is a file, but Turbo says it is ready to e-file (which I thought I had done).  I cannot open the file from Turbo or the back up file, so I have no access to this file.I did accidentally put in the wrong e-mail address but thought the file had already been sent so did not make that correctionI think I paid for the file but now I am not sure what actually happened.  

You are asking from TT desktop, so hopefully you saved the return. Look for a .tax file on  your computer.  


Recently separated and this is my year to file taxes and claim my kiddo.  Kiddo has a custodial account that grandparent started.  What is the form I need to use to file gains/losses?  

If his only income is from\ninterest and dividends, Alaska PFD or capital gains distributions shown on a\n1099-DIV, there is a provision for entering it on your return, using\nform 8814. However, if the childs custodial account has capital gains or losses from the sale of securities or mutual funds (he most likely received a form 1099-B), he has to file his own return to report those.You do not report his/her income on your return. If it has to be reported\nat all, it goes on his own return. If your dependent child is under age 19 (or\nunder 24 if a full time student), he or she must file a tax return for 2015 if\nhe had any of the following:1.         Total income (wages,\nsalaries, taxable scholarship etc.) of more than $6,300 (2015).2.         Unearned income (interest,\ndividends, capital gains) of more than $1050 (2015).3.         Unearned income over $350\nand gross income of more than $10504.         Household employee income\n(e.g. baby sitting, lawn mowing) over $1900 ($6300 if under age 18)5.          Other self employment\nincome over $400, including box\n 7 of a 1099-MISC\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n He doesnt get his own $4000 exemption\n(deduction), when he files. In TurboTax, he indicates that somebody else can\nclaim him as a dependent, at the personal information section.  


I get this error on payment submission: "shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14;" Anyone come across this and, if so, find a way? I doubt it but you never know...  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5273455  


I have a Canadian RRSP managed by a financial institution, call it A. Within that RRSP account are various investments (mutual funds, stocks, etc.) which are managed by other financial institutions B, C, D etc. For form 8938, do I report the RRSP as a single investment, or do I have to report out on all the pieces?  

\n\nInterests in assets held in financial\naccounts. If you have an interest in a\nfinancial account that holds specified\nforeign financial assets, you do not\nhave to report the assets held in the\naccount.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8938.pdf  


I make money from watching my cousin. He is disabled and his mother's job offers a certain amount of money to her that she may use to pay for needs for her son. She pays me with this money and she had let me know that I will need to report this on my taxes. However I am not given any tax reporting documents for this income, just a check. How do I report this on turbo tax?  

The IRS considers  undocumented cash\nincome (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work performed, to be self employment income.\nEnter at Business Income & Expenses and TurboTax (TT) will\ncomplete Schedule C or C-EZ for you and allow you to deduct any expenses\nassociated with this income. Youll\nalso have to pay self employment tax (social security & Medicare) on any\nprofits greater than $400.You may have to upgrade to the Home &\nBusiness version of TT. Theres a chance you may be able to use TT Deluxe or Premier.\nEnter your income at the 1099-Misc screen (even if you didnt get a 1099-misc).\nIn TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab  - Wages &\nIncome-        \nIll choose what I work on Button-Scroll down to:   - Other Common Income      -Income from Form\n1099-Misc\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nasked why you got the 1099-Misc, select Freelancer or Independent contractor  


For example, if someone made $1300 from self-employment in 2013, but didnt report it for that year, is it possible for that person to report that income in 2016?  

No it is not.  Income must be reported in the year it was received.  


My taxes were rejected because of the EIN. I used the Social security number from the family that pays me. Do I need a special form? The social security number was not the primary tax filer, it is a joint tax form and I used the spouses number. Whhat do I need to do?  

As you have found out you cannot enter a SS# in a box for an  EIN.  The\nIRS also considers undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for\nwork performed, to be self employment income. If you have net self employment income of $400 or more you have to file\na schedule C in your personal 1040 return for self employment business income.\nYou may get a 1099-Misc for some of your income but you need to report\nall your income.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is\nsome reading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\n\n\nI assume you are using the Home & Business version?  If not you will need to upgrade to continue.It\ngoes under General Income.\n\nGo to Business tab- then Continue\nChoose Explore on my own or Ill choose what\nto work on  (if it comes up)\n\nThen..\nBusiness Income and Expenses - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\nThen click EDIT by your business name and the\nnext screen should be a list of topics, \nBusiness Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of\nGoods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.\n \nClick Start or Update by Business Income\nThen by General\nIncome for Business Income not\nreported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button 


Federal facilities regardless of there locations belong to Federal gov not the state.  Laws are federal, police is federal.  What is I do not live in a state and only travel through to work in a federal facility.  Do I have to pay state taxes there?  I already pay state taxes in my state that I live in on that income.  

Thats an interesting theory but it wouldnt hold up.  Government employees are subject to state taxes like anyone else so long as they have a physical presence in the state when performing services, even if the physical presence is in a federal building.In most instances, the tax you pay in the non-resident state is a credit against your tax liability in your resident state, thereby avoiding double taxation. 


How long does it take to get Turbo tax fees taken from refund  

Refunds from the IRS to the Processing bank to your account usually takes less than 3 days depending on weekends and holidays.         First, check the IRS refund site. Any\ndate that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf the IRS site says\nprocessing or anything other than refund sent with a\ndate, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days\nyou can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be\nsending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more\nthan 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer\nadvocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\n\n\n\nIf it says refund sent\nand you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were\napparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may\ncontact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I got a letter which says that I owe taxes on 2014 returns. I recognize some of the taxes I missed, but not sure about the others. I need help to understand how to respond to it.  

If you did not purchase Audit Defense for the 2014 return you completed using TurboTax then you can contact the Audit Support Center through their website and speak with a TurboTax support agent who can assist you with the IRS notice you received.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  Audit Support Center agents are available after 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) on Monday.Go to this TurboTax website for Audit Support - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I have purchased 2015 but not the online version  

If you purchased one of the TurboTax desktop CD/Download editions for tax year 2015 and need to access your prior year online returns that were completed using the Free edition, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance in accessing those online returns.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season, they open at 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) on Monday.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numberIf you did not use the TurboTax editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Can anyone help  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I would like to see the work sheets on Turbo tax not the final print out. Is this possible?  

NOTE:After I posted this answer, I found another thread with a more precise method that may yield you the worksheets.  So look for my other answer on this page.********************************************Youll have to look and see what is available in your 2014 Tax Timeline when you scroll down to Some things you can do.There should be a link to download/view/print the PDF.  Did you already try that, and was it a basic return that didnt contain the worksheets?    Look at it, just in case it does have them.While at Some things you can do, see if there is still a link for all forms and worksheets.   But that link may no longer be there for a prior-year return.Otherwise the only other choice to download that would contain all forms and worksheets would be the actual *.tax2014 data file, but it would require the desktop software (CD/download) to open it.  


Where do I deduct medical expense and college tuition on TurboTax premier?  

Please see this for tuition:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562661-how-do-i-enter-form-1098-tFor medical, go to Federal taxes; Deductions and Credits; Medical.  


I want to make sure Im getting the right program.  

It covers the preparation of your 2015 income tax return.  It does not cover quarterly employment taxes. 


My elderly mother made less than $4000. She lived with me all year. I paid for all her expenses. My father filed his return as married but filing separately and he showed his income was a negative number as he had sold shares at a loss. He was not dependent on me as he used the share sale to sustain himself. It appears I followed all the rules but I am surprised why my return was rejected using a filing status of head of household with my mom listed as my only dependent..  

If Dad filed married filing separately and listed your mother only because a spouses SSN and name is required, that should not have rejected your return.  On the other hand, if it was a joint return or he claimed her as a dependent, that could cause your return to reject.In either event, your solution is to just file the return on paper.  The IRS will process the return, pay any refund, and in about a year inquire of both of you to determine which return is correct.  


I received a Form 1099-G from the California Franchise Tax Board and Im not sure if I should file it. Its equal to the amount I received back from the state as a refund for 2014 taxes. I wouldnt have a tax refund had I not overpaid the state when I filed for my extension in 2014.  

Did you itemize on your 2014 Federal return, and claim a deduction for State Income taxes paid?  If so, you must claim the 1099-G on your 2015 Federal return. 


I have 1099-MISC from NPO.My CPA told me that it should be reported as "Miscellaneous Income not subject to Social Security Taxes"  

The IRS will assume that any income in box 7 is earned from working, and therefore subject to SE tax.  You have to have a strong argument otherwise to skip paying the tax, and if you dont pay it, the IRS will almost certainly send a demand letter that you will have to answer with proof of why the income is not taxable.If this is not income earned from working, then your best choice is to ask the organization to issue a corrected 1099-MISC that puts the income in box 3.  Income that is not earned could be things like prizes and incentives of various kinds.If this is income earned from doing work for the non-profit, then you do owe SE tax.  The fact that the organization is non--profit does not mean that their workers dont pay tax.By paying you on a 1099-MISC the organization is treating you like a self-employed independent contractor, instead of a wage employee. This might or might not be correct, see here for more, https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o...Here is a set of links and tips on filing taxes when you are self-employed/indpendent contractorhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5448190  


Does this program accurately do taxes for ex-pats?  

Try leaving that field blank.  


Our retired CPA who did our taxes says the prior depreciation is $18,539 and that the current should be $1390.  TurboTax says the depreciation is $1491.  

Based upon the information you have provided, Turbotax is correct.  In other than the first and last year of depreciation taken for a residential rental property, the amount of depreciation would be the depreciable basis ($41,017) divided by 27.5 = $1492.  Check to make sure that you have the correct depreciable basis for the property.  


I logged In with the same info as when I filed them. I chose the plan that would store my information to come back to at any time. My profile is wanting me to file my 2015 taxes when I already did so on your website. Already received my returns. Filing an application for a school loan. Need this asap.  

Even though you think you are using the same log-in credentials, you are most likely in the wrong account.  Many people have multiple accounts without realizing it. If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you still cant find the right account after all that, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday for help in locating your account. To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I filled it a few months ago but it doesn't appear in my tax timeline. I even have an order receipt number in my email.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 online return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I removed a couple forms and I manually replaced them. For example I had numerous stock trades so I had to add my manual attachment to Fed Form 8949.  If the state scanned that code would they overlook manual changes to my return?  

Does your TT/Calif return, when printed out for filing, include Calif. Schedule D? If not then you should be okay to submit the Calif return with the federal return attached as-is.The Calif Sched. D has 2D barcodes so if it prints out but you have some manual federal detail then the Calif Sched D wont have that pencil-only detail and the 2D barcodes will be wrong. In that case you should submit a pencil Calif Schedule D instead of the TT/Calif 2D barcode version.The Calif FTB doesnt scan the attached federal return so your manual worksheets are fine.  


My wife is British but has a social security number for taxes.  She is currently is not living in the US, and her green card has long expired.  Does she still need to file for US taxes?  

If she is a non-resident alien and has no US source income, she is not required to file a return.  That doesnt mean, however, that she cant still file a joint return with you.  


will turbo tax enter the 2015 loss carry over from the 2014 return to the 2015 tax return how is this done and will the carry over be automatically carried over into the 2016 tax return  

Yes, if you used TurboTax (TT) in 2014, the capital loss carry forward will automatically be placed on the 2015 return*. You will  be given a prepopulated screen to verify the amount.If you are not seeing it, In TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab (Personal in  Home & Business)\n\n - Wages &\nIncome\n\n-        \nIll choose what I work on Button\n\nScroll down to:\n\n-Investment Income\n\n  -Capital Loss carryoverAny amount not used on the 2015 return will be carried forward to 2016.*Long term carry over goes on line 14 of schedule D and a short term carry over to line 6. 


Can I deduct my biweekly Aflac payments? If so where do I do that  

\n\nPremiums\non accident and health policies like some AFLAC policies (generally, policies\nthat pay you a guaranteed amount each week for a stated number of weeks if you\nare hospitalized for sickness or injury) such as many cancer policies are not\ndeductible. From IRS Pub 502:\n\nYou cannot\ninclude premiums you pay for: ...\n\n        \nPolicies\nproviding payment for loss of earnings,\n\n        \nPolicies for\nloss of life, limb, sight, etc.,\n\n        \nPolicies that\npay you a guaranteed amount each week for a stated number of weeks if you are\nhospitalized for sickness or injury, ...\n\n  


Letter says we can appeal but are subject to 10% penalty and interest which is applied daily.  Appeal take 8-12 weeks.  Is it possible that IN did not receive electronic copies of these 1099-Rs?  

Yes, it is very possible that for whatever reason that did not get their copies of the 1099s.  First, verify that the withholding actually made it to your Indiana return.  I believe it should be on line 12 of your IT40 and the breakdown shows on Schedule 5.  If its there and you have the paper copy backups, you should be good to respond with copies of the 1099s breaking the withholding down.  There might be a little back and forth with the Dept of Revenue, but that should clear the matter up.Also, did you by any chance mail you return in originally and not include the copies of the 1099s?  A big difference between efiling and paper filing is when you paper file, you generally have to include a copy of w2/1099s with the return.  That could also be the cause of this issue.And, when it says that the interest compounds daily, that doesnt mean that you get charged 10% per day.  Its just a banking term.  Dont let that deter you from filing an appeal if you are in the right.  Here, is a good example I pulled from the internet.MoBank:Since MoBank compounds monthly, you are getting 5%/12 = .4166% every month. So, at the end of the first month, you will have 10,000 x 1.004166 = $10041.67. During the second month, you will be earning .4166% on $10041.67, not just $10,000. So at the end of the 2nd month youll have $10083.51, not $10083.34. This goes on for twelve months:$10,000 x (1 + .05/12)12 = $10511.62.DaBank:Since DaBank compounds daily, you are getting 5%/365 = .0137% every day. So, at the end of the first day, you will have 10,000 x 1.000137 = $10001.37. Using the same basic formula as above for 365 days:$10,000 x (1 + .05/365)365 = $10,512.67.  


Also where do I report foreign tax data for form 1116?  

To enter Foreign Earned Income (Form 2555) -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter a Foreign Taxes (Form 1116) -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click on the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 2555 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-forSee this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 1116 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc...  


Father was the beneficiary of the policy when he passed the son received the cash value already paid tax in US does he have to claim it on his Canadian taxes he is a Canadian citizen  

That would be a question that you would need to ask on the TurboTax Canada website.  This is the TurboTax US website user to user forum.  Go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 


How long do most people haft to wait.  

The card is mailed empty; when your refund is processed, it will be loaded on the card remotely.  The time is usually less than 3 weeks but there are many factors that can delay it if you are unlucky.First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateAfter the IRS site changes to refund sent with an amount and a date, your refund goes to SBTPG bank to deduct the Turbotax fees and card processing fees and load the rest on your card.  That should take up to 1-2 extra days but can be less.   If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.    (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNote that State refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, an existing debit card, or paid by check, they cant be put on a new debit card that you ordered when you filed. 


Is my return actually missing  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I can't not enter my business inform in a form 1065 turbo tax is just doing schedule c what do i need to do to file  form 1065 ?  

You need TurboTax Business (not Home & Business) to prepare a 1065 partnership return.You will include the K-1 forms that the 1065 produces on your own personal tax return.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 


just bring up my2015 turbo tax filing  

You can view or print a 2015 tax return that has already been filed by downloading the PDF of the return.  You do not change anything in the 2015 online account if you have filed the tax return.  You can only amend the 2015 return to make changes to the originally filed return.  An amended return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.  If you want to run tax scenarios use the TurboTax calculator TaxCaster at this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I had health insurance all of 2015 under the Market place under my parents policy. I thought I would be dependent but must file independent because of my income. We did contact the market place to see if they can separate the amounts on the 1095-A for us but we were told they have no way of doing that. What should we do? I suppose I will need this for my return and my parents will need it for theirs. Any recommendations?  

This link should help you.  If you have further questions, please post back.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...  


it had to be fixed because of my insurance but its still been very long, please check and maybe you can find out the status on it, thank you gary buzzerio  

Only the IRS can tell you the status.  However they are processing an awful lot of information sent in regarding Marketplace Insurance right now.  Per the IRS, allow 6-8 weeks once they receive the information they requested.  


I have not signed up for this,  and the email states the following... An Internet Surveillance alert indicates that a piece of your monitored information has been exposed on the web.  

I would recommend calling in to TurboTax.  An agent will be able to help you determine if someone else has signed in to your account. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  


How do I add a second business  

Using the Home and Business edition -\nClick on Business\nClick on Business Income and Expenses\nClick on Ill choose what work on\nOn Profit or Loss from Business, click the start or update button\nOn the next screen click on Add Another BusinessOn the next screen choose who owns the business - This business is owned by:  


I have a printed copy but when I go on your site it is not there  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


So, when I filed my taxes I owed the state money, and I thought I had set up turbo tax to pay the state via my bank account, but it appears that I did not, or it didn't work. just wondering how can i check if I set up turbo tax to pay what I owe?  

Many, if not most states, do not allow you to arrange payment with the e-filing of your tax return, and you have to pay by sending a check or using the states own payment site._________________________________To Check your situation...log into your own tax account and download a new PDF copy of your tax return.Then open the PDF and look for the states Electronic Filing instructions sheet (NOT the Federal one)IF it was possible for you to arrange the payment with your e-filing, then the State Electronic Filing Instructions sheet will look like the picture below.....and if its there, check the routing and account numbers that you provided. 


They sent a letter, I called, sent the info from my mothers return they requested which they indicated would suffice/prove I had insurance; they are still processing months and months later.  What is the best number to reach them? Or department.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I already received my refund so i know it was approved but I am not able to access my 1040ez which  i currently need  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


How can I get my 1095-A and the a newly computed page 2 of my tax return with the original signatures, showing the transferred amount from Form 8962.  

If you did not receive the Form 1095-A from either healthcare.gov or one of the state marketplace exchanges and you obtained your health care coverage from either of these organizations, then go to this healthcare.gov website for information on how to obtain the Form 1095-A -  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-form-1095/Once you have received the Form 1095-A then use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


I just started driving with Uber and I understand that I am now self employed and have to take care of my own taxes instead of having it taken out for me in my paycheck. Do I wait and pay my taxes once a year? Also, around how much would I owe? Is there any way I can just bring all my information in somewhere to a professional and have them help me out?  

Can I pay taxes once a year when I am self employed?You can, but if the result is you owe more than $1,000 at filing time, you would owe an estimated tax penalty.Is there any way I can just bring all my information in somewhere to a professional and have them help me out?\n\nTurbotax does not offer that service.  However, you can always find a local tax professional to advise you (and probably should, at least for the first year.)  


If I reduce my taxable income by contributing to a 403(b), does the amount I contribute get added back into my income on Form 6251 "AMT" Line 27 "Other adjustments?"  Or anywhere else?  

No, a 403(b) contribution does not get added back in calculating AMT.  


e-mail  [remove email]  

There are different types of  long term disability income. How it is treated for tax purposes, depends on the source of the income. Most long term disability income is fully taxable and is usually reported on a form 1099-R. You enter the income, in TurboTax, at retirement income and it goes on lines 16a & b of form 1040 (12a & b of form 1040A).Social security disability income (SSDI) only\nbecomes  taxable when added to sufficient other income. If you are\notherwise required to file a tax return, you do need to enter it in Turbotax\n(TT). TT will determine the taxable portion.Social security (including SSDI) becomes taxable when your income,\nincluding 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly(MFJ): $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately and lived with your spouse at any\ntime during the tax year: $0\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nTT prints out your return, it will provide you with the  IRS social security worksheet showing you how\nthe taxable amount was calculated.  


I followed the steps here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-form-8962-on-my-2015-return  

Some users have reported the same type of problem of the Form 8962 not being available after using the TurboTax procedure in the support FAQ.  You will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance with this issue.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  They open at 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) Monday.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I only filed in Ca because I am renting a house there. The only income I have is from the house rental and I lose money every year on it so my taxable Ca income is $0. The letter has a list of what their numbers are and they match what I filed except that they don't show me paying any taxes to them from what I can see, but my tax return did.  

Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml  


I am trying to find my tax returns from 2015 and 2014 for my bank. What is the best way to do that?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


now with no fee  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I was able to generate the Federal 2014 amended return, but don't see how to generate the NYS return. How do I do it?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a prior year state return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2818027-how-do-i-amend-a-prior-year-state-return  


I make money freelancing and writing punch-ups and sometimes full scenes for another screenwriter who has sold many scripts. I get a 1099 from her annually which I report on my return. I'm wondering if I could take a filmmaking class and write it off on my taxes? If so, would I only be eligible to write off writing classes, or could I take one in cinematography, directing, other filmmaking elements? Would I write these off as a business expense or on another part of my return? Thank you.  

Education expenses that improve or maintain your skills for your current job are deductible as work-related expenses.  If you are self-employed, they would come off your schedule C.  If you are a W-2 employee, they are listed on form 2106 and are an itemized deduction subject to the 2% rule.Education expenses to qualify for a new job/career are not deductible as work expenses.Separately, education expenses may be eligible for the tuition and fees deduction or the lifetime learning credit.  These expenses do not have to be work related but they do have to be paid to a school that is accredited by the Federal Dept of Education to participate in student loan programs.  For some education credits you must also be enrolled in a degree-granting program. Turbotax can sort out the differences.You cant use the same education expenses both as a work expense and for the education credits, thats double dipping.  If you qualify both ways and have a choice, then schedule C is usually better than the education credits if you are self-employed, but the education credits are usually better than work-related if you are a W-2 employee.  


I had to verify my identity so I did that on May 16th and I was finally able to order both transcripts last Fri I recieved them in the mail yesturday and I have codes 150,806,768,570 i also have the cycle code of 20162105 with the dates of April 24 and June 13th and I didn't get any letters to why I have a 570 code so does this mean that I should receive my refund by June 13th since that's the date and no other letters recieved and I already verified my identity please help and if anyone else is dealing or already did please let me know what happen thanks  

Will ordering a transcript help me determine when Ill get my refund?No, a tax transcript wont help you determine when youll get your refund. IRS transcripts are best and most often used to validate past income and tax filing status for mortgage, student and small business loan applications and to help with tax preparation.The best way to check on your refund is by visiting Wheres My Refund?. The codes listed on tax transcripts dont provide any early insight regarding when well issue your refund.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript-faqs 


CP05 LETTER  

Alas, folks who have already received their refunds generally arent reading or posting on this Board nay more.If you havent received your refund or been contacted by us within 45 days from the date of the notice, you can call the IRS at the number provided on your notice.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/individuals/understanding-your-cp05-notice\n  


I filed using Turbo Tax in 2014 but I do not have a copy of my 2014 return. I need that in order to amend my 2014 return. I do not have the money on hand to pay for it now so can I use what I get back from the amended return to pay for the fees? If so, how?  

You cannot.  Amended returns need to be printed and mailed in and refunds only come via check (no direct deposit).  There is no option for TurboTax to pull the fees from an amended return refund. 


I went through all the steps to amend my return to get the Form 8962, but there is no option to print and even when I print all forms and worksheets, it is still not included.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5479347  


I filed my 2015 taxes on a different account but I really need to print my 2014 return.  I have no idea how to upgrade my account so that I can print my 2014 return without filing my 2015 return on the same account. Please help!  

If you paid for a\n2015 online return in one account, but have a locked return in another account,\nyou can phone TurboTax Support on Monday and ask them to unlock the 2014\nreturn.\n\nTo get a phone\nnumber for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link\nbelow.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be\nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The\nphone number will not display when they are closed.\n\nFAQ: \nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 \n\n\n\n\n\n  


My refund was deposited into a bank account that does NOT have my name on it. It was deposited February 12, 2016. Today is Sunday, June 5th, 2016 and i still havent received a paper check in the mail. Ive issued 2 tax refund tracks since then with no results. Ive called Turbotax Customer Service and they DID NOT HELP. Ive called wells fargo, the bank it was deposited into, and they say i dont have access to information regarding an account that doesnt have my name on it, even though they deposited a check with my name on it to that same account. What am i supposed to do?  

Okay, I suggest you do the following:(1)  File a police report with your local police dept.(2)  File a complaint with your state banking authority.http://www.consumerfinance.gov/askcfpb/1637/how-do-i-find-my-states-bank-regulator.html(3)  Check your credit reports, as you may be the victim of Identity Theft.  


reason: "You incorrectly calculated your tax due when you subtracted Total Payments from Total Tax"  

Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml  


I don't need to change our return and want to file it now but although I saved it at the time, I cannot open it now to enter the taxes paid and submit the return.  What do I do?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you sign onto your online account and land on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax returnTo enter taxes paid with an extension request - \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of extension payment made and click on the start or update button  


I cannot access my federal tax return from 2014, but need to. Is there any way to do this?  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I'm literally entering my W-2 information now, but I need to file 2014 and 2015 taxes.  Which year's information am I inputting right now?  

If you are using the TurboTax online editions where you had to create an account on the TurboTax website and a user ID, then you are using the 2015 tax year editions.  The online editions are only for completing a 2015 tax return.To complete and file a 2014 return using TurboTax you will need to purchase and download one of the 2014 desktop editions from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2014 return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.  


it says my taxes are complete but its not showing my 1040 ez form. how do I find it on turbo tax?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


need it now thought this was free to get my information why cant i get this help need health insurance  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I was a resident of Germany for 6 years and paid tax when I moved to the US in September 2015 to work at the university under H1B visa. I was wondering if I am eligible to be exempted to pay tax according to tax treaty agreement. Thanks a lot!  

There is no tax treaty specifically for H1B (but there is a provision against double taxation) and you are a nonresident alien for 2015. Unless you are married, you will need to file a non-resident alien return, which is not supported by Turbotax. 


I need to amend my self-employment C-EZ form for 2012. I'm on a Mac  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2012 return that was originally completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1910721-how-do-i-amend-a-2012-return-originally-filed-with-turbota...You will need to contact TurboTax support to get a Mac installation file for tax year 2012 pushed to your download account.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numberNote:  If you are amending the 2012 for a tax refund the time to file for the refund has expired.  You have up to three years after the due date of the return to file for a tax refund.  For tax year 2012 you had to file on or before April 15, 2016.  


I am living abroad and trying to include the overseas explanation statement saying that I am entitled to the automatic 2 month extension. When I go to File an Extension in TurboTax in Other Tax Situations, the only option I get is if I was in the military. There is no option for if you live outside the US. I tried using the Tools function and going directly to Form 4868 instead, but that just brought me right back to the same Easy Extension screen with no option for living abroad. Not sure if there is a glitch in the software because it also said I missed the deadline to file an extension because I lived in the US on April 18. I filed a Form 2555 for foreign income indicating I lived abroad so not sure why the system would think that. Thanks in advance.  

TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement.  


It does not appear on my tax timeline. I will need TurboTax to help me retrieve my 2014 return. Thank you  

If you paid for a\n2015 online return in one account, but have a locked return in another account,\nyou can phone TurboTax Support on Monday and ask them to unlock the 2014\nreturn.\n\nTo get a phone\nnumber for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link\nbelow.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be\nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The\nphone number will not display when they are closed.\n\nFAQ: \nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I thought I had downloaded them to an USB but when I opened the USB all I had was 2013 and then 2015.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


and under the What you need to mail section, one line reads: Deadline:Postmarked by May 16,2016 for the Louisiana state tax and for the federal tax document the deadline states April 18, 2016.  

That's when they were actually due unless you have an extension.  But you can still mail it.  Actually you can still efile until Oct 15.  If you are getting a refund there is no penalty for filing late.  If you have a Tax Due the payment was still due by April 18 (May 16 for state) even if you file the return later.  Don't worry about it now.  


I filled in all the info correctly and I have ordinary income from Box 11 with code F.  After putting in that info and then checking my income summary it shows $0 under K-1s.  It doesnt appear to be creating a Schedule E.  It should and then the K-1 infor appear on line 17 of the 1040.  I have put this stuff in a hundred times trying to get TT to handle it.  Please get a CPA on your staff who can manipulate your program to get it to handle this correclty. Thanks  

As Critters link shows, the number from box 11 doesnt necessarily show up on Schedule E.  As the TurboTax screen shows, you may need to manually enter it elsewhere in TurboTax (depending on what type of other income it is).  


One of my daughters needs to know if she can get a copy of last years return?  

What do you mean by last years return?   Are you referring to the most recent tax year--2015?  or 2014?   In any case, try this:If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to view/download/print a filed online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot to look for multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax and cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I don't want ot pay for something I never needed and somehow it started to go through to it at the end of the Federal section. How do I get rid of the charge?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2955006-clear-and-start-over  


My employer has me under a part-time "Independent Contractor" contract and therefore receive a 1099-MISC at the end of each year.  

To avoid penalties, you must pay quarterly taxes at least equal to:the greater of:90% of your total tax (which you have to estimate)or100% of your total tax from the previous year.Because they assume the income is earned evenly over the year, It needs to be paid in quarterly (evenly) over the year unless you can show that the income came in unevenly.   Basically, you need to match the timing of your payments to the timing of the income if you dont follow the evenly earned pattern. This publication will tell you all you need:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf  


my tax return is incomplete. why is there a charge, since efiling was never completed.  

You apparently paid the fee in order to complete the return.  The TT online fee is for the preparation of your returns. E file is free.  


I'm living in the US and want to transfer some money I already have in my home country.  The money was already there before I moved to US, so I think this cannot be considered as an income. Do I need to pay taxes for it?  

There is are taxes paid on the the funds transferred from your personal overseas account to your personal US account.  Nor is there any reporting requirement for the funds transfer by the IRS. 


The womens clothing definitions are very confusing  

Try the Salvation Army and Goodwill websites.  


is there anything I need to be aware of as I fill this out?  

You dont complete the 8962, the software completes it for you once youve entered your 1095A into the program.  Here are the instructions for responding to the IRS letter requesting the 8962.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


trying to submit 2013 federal tax return but dont know where to mail it to  

The address will be on the cover page when you print the return.  


it's counted it as a 2015 gain.  

Go back through the vehicle interview and tell TurboTax that you converted the vehicle to personal use.Then when you do your 2016 tax return, you may need to report the sale of your vehicle (in the section where you sell Stocks, Bonds, Mutual Funds, etc.).  


Since I have no residence, I have no living address or business address.  I work as an artist and do my work all over the world over the computer. I use a mail service in Oregon which receives my mail and scans it for me.  Therefore I have an Oregon address.  But I have an California Drivers License and am in California more than anywhere else.The tax forms ask for my business street address but I dont have one!  What should I put there?  

If you reside in the United States, you cannot dodge the issue of state residency and tax domicile.  Each state has its definition of residency and taxation of income.  If you are not careful, more than one state might claim you as a resident and tax your income accordingly.California can be tough on residency determination.  Whether you are determined to be a resident or non-resident of California, your income earned in California will be subject to taxation by the state.  If a resident, then all your worldwide income will be subject to California income tax.  See the following passages and other information from FTB Publication 1031 at:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/2011/11_1031.pdfGenerally, your state of residence is where you have your closest connections. If you leave your state of residence, it is important to determine if your presence in a different location is for a temporary or transitory purpose. You should consider the purpose and length of your stay when determining your residency.When you are present in California for temporary or transitory purposes, you are a nonresident of California. For instance, if you come to California for a vacation, or to complete a transaction, or are simply passing through, your purpose is temporary or transitory. As a nonresident, you are taxed only on your income from California sources.When you are in California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, you are a California resident. . For instance, if your employer assigns you to an office in California for a long or indefinite period, if you retire and come to California with no specific plans to leave, or if you are ill and are in California for an indefinite recuperation period, your stay is other than temporary or transitory. As a resident, you are taxed on income from all sources. You will be presumed to be a California resident for any taxable year in which you spend more than nine months in this state.Although you may have connections with another state, if your stay in California is for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, you are a California resident. As a resident, your income from all sources is taxable by California.  


He is self-employed, I am an independent contractor, we are required by Obamacare to buy insurance from the marketplace.  Can we get a deduction?  

If the business has profit, yes.On the screen immediately after entering your 1095-A from the Healthcare Marketplace, check the box indicating that you were self employed.  TurboTax will then give you the Self Employed Health Insurance Deduction.  


I have done the "fix it" 6 times I PAID YOU TO FILE NOW, DO IT!!!! OR GIVE BACK MY MONEY oraI will file fraud charges.  

Turbotax can try and provide guidance on what IRS error codes mean, but it is ultimately the taxpayers responsibility.A rejection means that one or more parts of your return do not match the IRS database for your account in some way.  Examples include, your SSN doesnt match your name, or your SSN was already used, or you are claiming a dependent that was already claimed, or you did not include a required form.You can call customer service, they can do a screenshare and talk to you about your return to try and clear up the error. You would probably need a tax specialist (a level 2 call) if the first person cant help.Otherwise, you can always print and mail in your return.  Depending on what the problem is,, the IRS may send you a letter later to try and clear it up.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I need to go back and print a copy of my 2014 federal tax return  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I no longer have access to the emails that were used and there fore can not use that PLUS thing.  HOW HARD IS TI TO GET A COPY FO THEM IF THEY ARE ON YOUR SYSTEM??  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Do I need to file for state tax ?  

Per the IRS, if you are living abroad and your care provider does not have a U.S. taxpayer identification number, enter LAFCP (Living Abroad Foreign Care Provider) in the space for the care providers taxpayer identification number.  If Turbo Tax does not allow this entry, you may not be able to e-file.  Instead, you will need to print your returns and hand-write LAFCP in the spot for the care providers I.D. number, then mail your return.  


I followed your directions by clicking on taxes and then on to the next step and it says scroll down , well I could not scroll down. Now what?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I cannot download State (MASS) forms to complete my 2015 taxes. Already filed for extension.  Your server refuses to respond! What is going on?? This is my 4th (fourth) communication about this problem since April.  Do I get a refund? Do I go elsewhere?  Please respond before I seek legal assistance.J. R. Lynch  

If you used the online version for your daughter and you are mistakenly thinking that you can use her MA program for free to do your own state taxes, that would not work.  You need to pay for the state again to do your own return.  


We have accumulated a carryover passive activity loss while owning two rental properties. Our income is over $150k and we are not real estate professionals so we kept rolling over the passive activity loss which is now around $150,000. We have disposed of our entire interest in the passive activity (the rentals), what happens to our carryover loss? It is pretty clear that the passive loss can now be fully deducted as described in Tax Topic 425 but the question is fully deducted against what? Only passive income such as the gain from the sale of the properties or against other income such as ordinary income? Thanks!  

It is deducted as ordinary income on Schedule E.  In other words, it will offset any other income that you have, such as W-2 wages or self employment income.  


I lived in NY last year, and was on managed medicaid. The NY State of Health people tell me there is no 1095-A for me (because it was medicaid). All they can give me is the 1095-B, which is of no help. Yet, turbotax won't let me e-file without information from a form that doesn't exist. What can I do?  

If you were on medicaid for the entire year all you need to do in the Health Insurance section is indicate that you had health insurance coverage for the entire year.  Then when asked if you were enrolled in a plan from HealthCare.gov or a state marketplace exchange, you would answer No and click on Continue.  That will complete the Health Insurance section of the program.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Health Insurance\n  


how do i find and print my taxes and not my whole tax form.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


It is not in my tax timeline. My tax timeline says "Joined Turbo Tax". In "My tax documents" it says I need to pay to see these documents. I need my 2015 return as soon as possible.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I need a listing of my deductions for 2013 for tax purposes.  How do I get a copy that far back.Thank you  

You should be able to see and print your 2013 donations, but it takes a little maneuvering.ItsDeductible only has room to display 4 tabs at the top:  HOME tab, plus 3 tab years.  Heres how to temporarily replace one of the tabs with an older year.Follow these steps:\nLog into ItsDeductible and click on the HOME tab.\nThen look down on that screen at PRIOR YEAR DONATIONS.\nThere is a dropdown menu to choose the older year that you want to view, such as 2013.\nThen click the blue VISIT button.  That should place the 2013 tab at the top and should open the 2013 Donations screen.\n\nOn the screen 2013 Donations, way down at the bottom left is a small blue link View Summaries.\nClick that link, and on the next screen Summaries, you can choose the PDF to view/download/print.  You can choose a particular category, or the choice Summary has all 4 categories in one document. \n\nSee screen images below:  


The reason I want to do this is because I have a large overpayment of state taxes this year, and if I take the standard deduction, the refund I receive this year will not be counted as income next year (if I itemize, it will). Having a larger deduction is not advantageous on the federal return, but it is on the state return (this is due to the disparity in federal-versus-state capital gains taxation tables). The state is Oregon. I just need to know where in Turbo Tax to register the preference.  

You dont need to forego all your itemized deductions on your federal return to avoid you state refund being taxable. Just dont include the anticipated refund amount in the amount of state tax you deduct. For example if you had $1000 state tax withheld and expect a $200 refund, only deduct the $800 you end up actually paying.Ive actually done this is the past. I would make a negative entry on schedule A, in case I ever had to prove it to the IRS. In the example above, deduct the full $1000, then show a -$200 entry and label it anticipated state refund. This takes a manual entry on line 8 of schedule A in the forms mode of TurboTax. This step is not a requirement, just a suggestion.  


it says i have to pay for it when i go to my docs? please let me know what steps to follow to get to where i can download my 2015 tax return. i am not sure if "my dos" is the correct place to look for it. I just need it downloaded to my lap top or at least to view it .  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) without realizing it and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Once you find the right account, heres how to view/print/download the 2015 return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 


Why are they taking my tax refund for  

Offset informationYou can get information on federal tax offsets, including a number to call for information in this IRS help topic:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html  


If I receive 200K transferred from a foreign account to my US account, and immediately transfer it out to another US account. Is this transfer out subject to Gift Tax?  

Any amount that are transferred from one of your own accounts to another of your own accounts is just your own money moving about ... it is not a gift to yourself and is not to be reported as such (no matter where the money originally came from).  


I am itemizing my deductions, and in Texas we only have a sales tax. So if I can get both the $300 credit and an additional $800 sales tax deduction (for the large purchase) that would be very useful.  

I dont think the AC unit by itself  will fit the IRS definition of \n\nsubstantial addition to or major renovation ...General Sales Tax You Paid on Specified Additional ItemsEnter in the box provided any state and local general sales taxes paid on the following specified items. If you moved during the year, include the total for the year in that box.\nA motor vehicle (including a car, motorcycle, motor home, recreational vehicle, sport utility vehicle, truck, van, and off-road vehicle). Also include any state and local general sales taxes paid for a leased motor vehicle. If the state sales tax rate on these items is higher than the general sales tax rate, include only the amount of tax you would have paid at the general sales tax rate.\nAn aircraft or boat, if the tax rate was the same as the general sales tax rate.\nA home (including a mobile home or prefabricated home) or substantial addition to or major renovation of a home, but only if the tax rate was the same as the general sales tax rate and any of the following applies.\n\nYour state or locality imposes a general sales tax directly on the sale of a home or on the cost of a substantial addition or major renovation.\nYou purchased the materials to build a home or substantial addition or to perform a major renovation and paid the sales tax directly.\nUnder your state law, your contractor is considered your agent in the construction of the home or substantial addition or the performance of a major renovation. The contract must state that the contractor is authorized to act in your name and must follow your directions on construction decisions. In this case, you will be considered to have purchased any items subject to a sales tax and to have paid the sales tax directly.\nNote: These definitions may change from year to year.\n\n 


To file for Original 2013 Tax Return Do I have to wait until next year in April when its time to file? Or Can I file anytime I want in the year. before 2017 deadline.  

Addendum:You didnt specifically say if you were due a Federal refund or if you owe taxes.   The 3-year statute of limitations you alluded to in your question is for refunds only.  If you owe Federal tax, then you should file and pay as soon as possible to avoid additional late filing and late payment penalties.******************************You can file a 2013 return now if you wish.  You dont have to wait until a particular date.   If you are due a Federal refund, then in order to receive the refund you have to file within 3 years of \nthe original due date of the return, or within 3 years of the extended due\n date, if an extension was properly obtained.  If you owe Federal tax, then you should file and pay as soon as possible to avoid additional penalties (see addendum inserted above.)It cannot be efiled.  It has to be printed and mailed.     The 2013 return cannot be prepared online.  You must install the 2013 software to prepare it.Do you have the 2013 desktop software (CD/download)?   If you dont have the software yet, you can purchase it from TurboTax as a download at the link below, or you may be able to find it at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/  


I completed the EZ form for my daughters tax return. When I go to save it on my desktop and print it, the EZ form is not there, just the Intuit instructions for where I should mail the EZ form. Any ideas on why the tax form isn't included in the "download/print return"option?  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Last year, I was able to file a 1040A through Turbo Tax (Free Federal), even though I had amounts listed in box 6 of my 1099-DIV forms. This year, because of the box 6 amounts in my 1099-DIV forms (just a few dollars of foreign tax paid), Turbo Tax is making me file a 1040 form, which requires an upgrade.  I want to file a 1040A as I did last year, not a 1040.  How can I do so? Thanks!  

You have 3 options ...1) upgrade as suggested2) ignore the foreign taxes paid (remove them from the 1099-Div entry screen ... it is allowed by the IRS) if the tax credit of the amount in that box is less than the upgrade fee3) start the return all over using the FREEDOM version which is the version  you must have used last year since the TT upgrade requirements are the same this year as they were last year. The Freedom Edition is more\nfully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can\nprepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will\nprepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.\n\nA user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\n\n        \nAGI of $31,000 or less\n\n        \nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a\nmilitary-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\n\n        \nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\n\n\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom\n\nHow to switch and start over (requires new account at the Freedom website)\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition\n\n\n\n\n\n  


i filed it by mistake for 2015, then i had to have it amended and i purchased the 2014 version and filed that way but the state is saying they never received it  

A return that was amended on your computer using the CD/download version of TurboTax is stored on your computer. The file may either end in .tax or if you saved it that way, .pdf. The .tax file must be opened from within your 2014 TurboTax program. You cannot access a return using your online account for a file that was prepared using the program installed on your computer.  


I have followed 2 different sets of instructions and it is still not working.  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


What part of assisted living expenses are deductible?  

They may be deductible if the purpose for being there is for medical care. From\nIRS Publication 502:  You can\ninclude in medical expenses the cost of medical care in a nursing home, home\nfor the aged, or similar institution, for yourself, your spouse, or your\ndependents. This includes the cost of meals and lodging in the home if a\nprincipal reason for being there is to get medical care.\n\nDo\nnot include the cost of meals and lodging if the reason for being in the home\nis personal. You can, however, include in medical expenses the part of the cost\nthat is for medical or nursing care.\n\nAs\na general rule, most nursing home costs are deductible while only a portion of\ncosts at an assisted living facility would be. The facility can usually provide\nyou with a statement as to what portion are deductible.\n\n  


How do I go about filing the extension?  

You need to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay particular attention to block 8.  


why didn't turbo tax tell me that I owed more money? I sent what yall told me to send . IRS said yall made mistake on my taxes I owed.  

See this IRS website for the CP23 notice - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/understanding-your-cp23-noticeWe made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. You have a balance due because of these changes.\nDid you pay estimated taxes in 2015 and enter those taxes paid into the TurboTax program?  Apparently the IRS is indicating that what was entered is not the amount received.\nYou can contact the TurboTax Audit Support Center for the notice you received from the IRS.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time (11am to 8pm Eastern time).  Use this website for the Audit Support Center - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n  


It is needed to complete our home mortgage application  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Line 13 of Form 8889 is supposed to be the smaller of Line 2 or Line 12. My line 2 is smaller than line 12, but Line 13 keeps populating the larger number. Is this a Turbo Tax error or have I entered something wrong. I've gone thru it several times, but can't find the reason why it is doing this.  

Line 13 being larger than the smaller of line 2 or 12 generally means that you reported an excess HSA contribution for 2014 carried into 2015 and this excess was applied as a contribution for 2015.  This is the the smaller of Form 5329, line 43, or the excess, if any, of Form 5329, line 42, over Form 5329, line 44.See the instructions for line 43 of Form 5329 for further explanation:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i5329.pdf  


I received a letter from my state saying I did not file state taxes for the years 2012 or 2013. I did everything on turbo tax and know I input all the state information. Now I'm just trying to figure out how to go back and redo them or see what I need to do.  

This is a TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online  


I did submit my name and indicate she'd passed away this year when I was processing her taxes through turbo tax  

If she had any 2016 income prior to her passing, you may have to file a 2016 return for her in early 2017.  


received a letter from irs saying my wages was19741 and I show they were18358 I need to check that on my 2014 return  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Only the country is wrong. Everything else is correct. I don't know what happened but probably my checks are lost  somewhere. Because they were accepted and sent.  

Here is the IRS change of address form.https://www.irs.gov/uac/form-8822-change-of-addressHere is the link to trace a missing refund.https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...http://taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/get-help/lost-or-stolen-refund  


how do i go back into the program to do it or what must I do.  

You would need to report the Geothermal Heat Pump system for the Home Energy Credit on your 2014 return if it was installed in 2014, not on your 2015 return.If you filed a 2014 tax return and did not report the system for the energy credit then you will need to amend the 2014 tax return.  An amended federal tax return, Form 1040X, can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed.  If you used TurboTax to file the orignal 2014 return see this TurboTax support FAQ for amending the 2014 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax  


I have lived outside the US for the several years, but have a drivers license through Massachusetts.  I was able to not pay federal taxes because my income was low enough, but I cannot seem to figure out how to make this work for my state income.  From what I have read under the mass.gov website, because I do not live there, "Nonresidents are taxed on their Massachusetts gross income (derived from sources within Massachusetts)," and I am paid from a Germany company, I do not think I need to pay state taxes.  How can I go about fixing this problem?  

I agree, it seems like Massachusetts defines you as a Nonresident.  As such, you shouldnt need to file a Massachusetts tax return at all.http://www.mass.gov/dor/individuals/filing-and-payment-information/guide-to-personal-income-tax/resi...  


I am a resident of Utah, but will be moving to Nevada for school and my wife will be working there. How should I file taxes and are there any specific regulations I should be aware of. For instance, Utah has state income tax and Nevada does not. How would I file under this situation? Thanks!  

See this:http://incometax.utah.gov/filing/residency  


I need help to get my 2013 tax foams  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I filed my taxes with H7R Block last year. Since I know you have access to my tax history, can you get my tax return from them?  

TT cannot get a tax return that you filed with HRB.  


I received an email about the fee I have to pay. It said my account will be charged on the 10th  There will not be any funds in the account that day to cover this fee. I won't have the funds until the 17th. Is there a way to change the date of the transaction?  

The TurboTax notice you received has toll free numbers for you to use to make arrangements on how to pay the fees you owe.  


During Review-  i transfer credits to my wife and it states on the Family Tax Cut optimization screen that after transferring credits to my wifes return, the amount is increased. But my refund doesnt change - why is that?  

I would just mail your federal return this year.  Yes she has to mail an amended return.  It will take 8-12 weeks or more to process the amended return and clear her exemption.  


Import & Carry-forward  

In the dependent summary page click on the "Easy Guide" button. Go through the questions for each niece and if they arent supposed to qualify this year, Turbo Tax will tell you why they dont qualify.  


i need to print a copy of my 2015 tax return [remove PI]  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


\nJai seulement reu un relev 24.\nJai complt lcran reus de frais de gardedenfants avec le montant inscrit sur mon relev 24.\nJai complt lcran Relev 24 avec ce mme montant.\nPourquoi cet avertissement?  Me semble que jai tout rentr correctement.Merci.  

You can deduct health insurance premiums if you pay them out of pocket. You cannot deduct them if they are paid pre-tax and withheld from your pay.Also, remember that only medical & dental expenses that exceed 7.5% of your total AGI are deductible.  


I received a notice from the Franchise Tax Board in California that I have an underpayment penalty for my 2015 LLC annual tax, but it shows that I paid the $800 LLC tax on time. My business did not make more than $250,000, so I dont owe any LCC fees. Why did I get an underpayment penalty?  

https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Archive/professionals/taxnews/2015/June/All_About_Business.shtml  


For about 7 years I had a rental property that had a loss each year. Once property values came back, I was able to sell the property for more than I bought it for. How do I use the previous losses to offset the gains from the sale?  

\n\nIf the loss was allowed on a prior tax return, it was used\nthen.  You can not use it now, even if\nyou did not benefit from the deduction that year.\n\nIf the loss is large enough to create a Net Operating Loss\n(NOL), that can be used in other years.  A NOL means your TOTAL income was\nnegative.  Line 41 on your Form 1040 would\nbe negative.  If that is the case, please\npost back with which years that Line 41 is negative, so we can give you further\ndirections.\n\nIf the loss was allowable on last years tax return, you can\nnot choose to not take it.  You must take\nthe loss on the tax return that you are able to.\n\nHowever, as Opus mentioned, if you have not filed a previous\ntax return, you do have the option to capitalize your Mortgage Interest and/or Real\nEstate Taxes (you can not do it on an amended tax return).  I dont know this for sure, but I suspect\nthat TurboTax does not have the option to do that.  You usually would NOT want to do that if you\nare receiving a tax benefit for the deduction. \nIf you do want to make that election, you would need to manually make\nthe election (on a separate piece of paper) and file your tax return by mail.  See this post for how to word that election: \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2899874https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/1.266-1\n\n  


They said sometimes companies will change the bank routing number to their account so they can withdraw a fee. Do you guys do that?  

If you used the refund transfer service to pay your Turbotax fees from your refund, or get your refund on a prepaid debit card, then those account numbers were the ones supplied to the IRS.  Also, in some cases, certain brokerage houses automatically set your refund bank account to your brokerage account (forcing you to invest your refund with them) when you automatically download your 1099-B information.  You have the opportunity later to change it to something else, but people sometimes dont realize this.  (Its also dirty pool by the broker in my opinion.)If you print a copy of your tax return from your account, it will show the account number that was the ultimate destination of the money, which may not be the same as the number that was electronically transmitted to the IRS.  For example, if you used refund processing followed by direct deposit into your bank account, then your printed return will show your bank account number even though the number sent to the IRS was the account number assigned by the processor.  However, if you used a broker account, then that number will show on your printed return as the final destination of the money.)If you used refund processing, you may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com to check on your refund.  


The TP-1029.LR does not accept the postal code H3W2E8  

You cannot file another return, you would have to amend your original return to add your unemployment information, amended returns cannot be efiled they must be mailed.  You should go back to where you had your taxes done, they can amend your return and there should be no charge. 


I talked to IRS about a letter I received about my identity. How long till I get my refund. They said I passed and I am who my tax's say I am  

It has been reported by others that it has taken 3 to 6 weeks on average ... sometimes longer.  


I used turbo tax to file this yr and I lost my w2 so I am trying to look at it on here  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 


Hello,I need help with my taxes. I am a US Citizen working and living abroad (in Germany) and I qualify for foreign income exclusion. I am working for a foreign company and therefore I do not have any W-2 forms. Unfortunately my review shows that I have an issue with my federal tax return since my form 1040 have a zero value for lines 22, 37, 44, 55, 63 and 74. How can I fix this? I already entered my foreign income and added the foreign income exclusion.Thanks and best regardsDennis  

You do not have an issue ... you simply have what is called a ZERO income return and those cannot be efiled they must be mailed in.  In the FILE tab choose the main in return option to get the forms and instructions for this method.If you really want to efile the return then the workaround for this is to enter $1 of bank interest income and that will unlock the efile error.  


I know I can read the pdf files, but I also want to be able to read tax data files.  

If you downloaded your software from TurboTax, you can access it for the years back to 2012. TurboTax no longer supports any years prior to 2012. Here is a link to access the downloads: https://turbotax.intuit.com/my-account.jspIf you purchased a CD from a source other than directly from TurboTax, load the program from the CD and update it.  


New constructed house needed to install pavement, grass and rain gutters any tax deduction for this?  

You would have to go back and amend your 2010 return:In Turbo Tax (for 2010), go to Deductions and Credits and choose "Explore on my own". Scroll down to Mortgage Interest. On the page "Enter your Mortgage Lender", be sure to click the boxes that apply, like:"This is a new loan on which I paid points (origination fees) in 2010"and"Im spreading the points (amortizing) over the life of my loan"On the next page, it asks for Box 1: just enter the amount (if any) and Continue. On the next page, you can enter your Points info.I hope this helps!  


How can I get a copy of my 2013 tax return?  

Heres info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online  


This is a test for answer exchange.  

Test received.  


I checked the IRS website and they didn't have a status on my refund. Is this a very bad sign?  

Use this TurboTax website to verify that the tax return was e-filed and accepted by the IRS -https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


Will it help or harm me  

Amounts received for work performed while an inmate in a penal institution, in a work release program or while in a halfway house are not considered earned income when figuring the Earned Income Credit.https://www.irs.gov/credits-deductions/individuals/earned-income-tax-credit/earned-income  


Extension was approved, but can't locate it.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ on printing an extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th...  


Mon conjoint na pas produit de dclaration dimpt depuis plusieurs annes.  

He/she may be a “qualifying relative” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent…He/she is no one elses qualifying child…His/her gross income was $3,650 or less.  Social Security benefits that are not taxable do not count against this limit.…You provided more than 1/2 his/her support for the year.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year.  


I need to purchase Turbo Tax For Corporations and LLCs  for tax season 2015  

Go to this TurboTax website for the Business Edition - https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 


My wife and I own 2 rental properties outright, and 65% of a 3rd.  How do I enter these properties / Statements of Income and Expenses - separately?  

If you repaid the amount within 60 days of the distribution, yes, indicate that it was a rollover.  


Every time I try to pay i receive the following message: "shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;" and the payment does not go through. I am using a Visa card issued by a US bank.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


I need my 1040ez from last year  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Please email me  

If the IRS is still processing your tax return, only they can tell you what the hold up is. You can try calling them at 800 829-1040. When you agreed to the option to have your fees taken from your federal refund, you agreed to pay those fees directly if your refund was delayed beyond a reasonable time period. I assume TurboTax has sent you an email saying that they are going to do that.If you want to talk to someone at TurboTax directly about it, you would have to contact them. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041When setting up a contact, refer to it as a billing issue.  


I have already filed Federal taxes.  

If you go to this Virginia web site and click on Online Services, you can look at the alternatives for free return preparation and efiling. Whether you qualify or not depends on whether you meet the requirements of each of the vendors. You may need to prepare your federal return again on these sites.  


Unfortunately, I do not think it's saved on my computer (stupid of me) because I can't find it anywhere. I need to send in a copy of my return with my letter to the IRS pleading my case that they made a mistake.  

See this prior answer to a similar question: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365467-i-need-a-copy-of-my-tax-returns-for-2014-and-2013  


If I buy 2015 TurboTax Premier, PC Download, is that the same as your Online method?  

Yes and no.  I'll tell you about each one.Here's some differences between the Online version and the Desktop CD/Download program.Online web version is only good for 1 return, federal and state are separate charges,  It is free to start, you pay when you file or if you want to print.  Price is determined at the time you pay.  You can pay anytime like if you want to lock in an early discounted price. You can not see the forms until you pay and print them out.   Online versions do not have the same forms so you may need to use a higher version to enter something.   Online returns are stored online and after Oct each year you might not have access to it.  So you should save and download both  the .tax and .pdf files each year to your computer.  You can check out Online here,   https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  The Desktop CD/Download program can do unlimited returns and you can efile 5 federal for free and Deluxe and above comes with 1 free state program download to prepare unlimited state returns but each state return (including the first one) is 19.99 (goes up to 24.99 in March) to efile or you can print and mail it for free.  You can see and enter directly into the actual forms.  Desktop has a What-If worksheet.  Your return is kept on your own computer so you will always have access to it in the future like if you need a copy or need to amend it.  And other features.  Oh, and you can use a lower version because all the Desktop programs have all the same forms. You can see the Desktop CD/Download programs here, https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 


What process would I use to include premiums paid for foreign health care insurance, in addition to Medicare?  

If you pay the foreign health insurance premiums with out of pocket funds, just enter the total amount paid for the year in the Medical Expenses section of the program.  If you pay the premiums in local currency, you will need to convert to US dollars.  See this IRS website for average yearly exchange rates - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/yearly-average-currency-exchange-ratesTo enter your medical expenses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Medical\nOn Medical Expenses, click the start or update button\n  


I have a rental property that I changed from personal use to rental during the year... how do I manage that in Turbo Tax?  

Travel expenses are not a deductible education expense.  


Hello, all my income are outside U.S. and i also live outside U.S. Do I have to fill in W-2 with the same amount of my income? Or I would only put my income in the Foreign income section? Please let me knowThank you  

I filed my returns with foreign earned income exclusion for many years in the past, last time in 2008. At that time, I had to enter the income twice, once as wages without a W2, and also in Foreign Income section. But I just tried it with Turbotax 2015 and it is now much simpler. You only need to enter it in the Foreign Income section. Turbotax carries it into 1040 line 7 without a need for a dummy W2.  


It's a 16 GB but it only has 2 GB available to use.  

The iPad app is just a portal to Turbotax online.  You can start online and finish on the app, or start on the app and finish online, as well as using the app only.  Since the hard work is done by the web site, it should not take up too much storage space on the iPad.  The software itself is only 64MB.  


My pension form for 2014 says T4 not T4A. Should I be filling in the T4 return portion or the T4A?  

Cholo9, you better download the instructions for Form 8839 it well give you all the information you need.  


I cant find my 2011 tax return. I need a copy. How can I print a copy?  

Then you need to go back to the Personal info area and recheck all of the info for her, some of it may have been reset when you edited her info. Also, if you are using her for EIC, go through the EIC interview again.  


I am self-employed and attended a trade show in another city where I met with clients. I traveled there with another self-employed individual who I often work with. I paid for the airfare out of pocket, but was later paid back an equal amount by this other individual.Do I need to include the reimbursement amount in my income? If so, am I still able to claim the airfare as a travel expense?The person who paid me just treated the payment in the same way they would if I had been doing other contract work for them. Seeing as they are also self-employed, would that mean their payment to me would not technically qualify as a reimbursement anyway, at least in the legal sense?The first condition of reimbursements, as defined by the CRA, states that the reimbursement is paid to an  employee, partner or volunteer, and I am not any of these three things. I am simply a friend of the person, and they insisted that I should attend this trade show to the point that they paid me back for what I spent on the plane ticket.If that is the case then it seems like I would need to claim the amount as income, however I would still be able to write off the airfare amount as a travel expense so that Im not paying tax on the amount that was not part of my net income.Is that correct?Thanks.  

Yes. No.There is no age limit to pay SS when you are still working, whether or not you receive SS.SS is not deductible.On the good side, as you pay more into SS, SS will adjust your benefits (upward) to reflect the additional payments.  


I am at the income summary page  

Yes and no. The must generous credit, The American Opportunity Credit and its predecessor, The Hope Credit, do have a 4 time (4 tax years) limit. There is another  credit (Lifetime learning credit)  that can be used an  unlimited number of times; as can the tuition & fees deduction.So, if you (or your parents) have used the Hope/AOC 4times, you can still use the LLC  


Past years TurboTax are corrupted. I cannot delete, repair, or install 2009 through present. Can I just delete the entire TurboTax file if it will delete and reinstall each year? Will I loose my tax files if I do this because this is what I am after. IRS has disallowed all returns and substituted their own so I need info to discuss with them. I have been ill and cannot find printed copies. Thanks.  

Use Uninstall a Program in the Control Panel to remove unwanted software.but unless you have CDs for those years, you wont be able to reinstall early versions.  


Sent a copy of my paystub to address supplied. Did find out they received it. Now all I can get from IRS at phone number supplied is a recording telling me they are experiencing a high volume of calls and try back on another work day. I work too. I cant call during my work hours(6am to 3:30pm, central). Frustrated.  

For the next 2 weeks the call volume will be very high due to the overseas filers asking questions since their filing deadline is 6/15/16. To contact the IRS: \n\nCall the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr you may want to contact\na Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer\nAdvocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Does anyone else have this problem?  

The first injured spouse form should have been filed with the tax return OR after it had been processed.  By sending it  too early the form was probably ignored and trashed since there was no processed  tax return to connect it to.  Did your original return finish processing and did they keep the entire refund?  Did they send a letter notifying you that the return was kept and sent somewhere?  If so mail another copy of the 8379 form now.   Then you will wait at least 16 weeks for it to process.Only the IRS can tell you for sure what happened.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: "Refund", or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for "personal income tax" instead.Then press 1 for "form, tax history, or payment".   Then press 4 "for all other questions."Then press 2 "for all other questions."  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1Or you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


Calculating NET income  

Energy efficient building property is the right entry. The things described on this line include heat pumps when you look at the instructions for form 5695.  


This doesn't show on my T4E. My income from EI in 2015 is half of what I'm reporting. How do I adjust this or can I?  

Who owns the lamb? If you or your daughter own it, I dont see it as a deductible expense. Its basically for educational purposes. Shes not running a farming business.If you donated the lamb to the high school, and the school now owns it, you could deduct it as a contribution. You would need a receipt from the school for the donation. You also have to have given the school full ownership, with no restrictions, to use as they see fit. If you gave it to the school with strings attached, such as stipulating that your daughter has to have some use of it, then it is not a completed donation.  


It was suggested to me that, after I re-prioritized my Roth IRA overage amount, I should notify TurboTax that this has been completed. Do I need to amend my tax return to reflect this and avoid any penalties? This task was completed before the April 15th filing deadline.  

Yes, it needs to be reported on your 2015 tax return.You enter the Roth contribution in the IRA contribution section and answer the follow-up question that you changed your mind and recharactorized the Roth contribution to a Traditional IRA.     If you qualify for a deduction the interview will ask if you want to deduct if or make if a non-deductible contribution.  The interview will ask for a statement for the reason for the recharactorization.     The 8606 form will be automatic if you choose to make it non-deductible.Enter IRA contributions here:Federal Taxes,Deductions & Credits,Ill choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement & Investments,Traditional & Roth IRA contribution.OR  Use the Tools menu  (if online version under My Account) and then Search Topics for ira contributions which will take you to the same place.  


can I claim services rendered by home care agency  

If you are self employed  and have a small business you would have expenses pertaining to that work. You would need to have documentation on the business you have at home if Cra was to  audit you. If you are not self employed or and business owner you cannot claim theses expenses. 


I am using Windows 8. I have successfully installed this software on my wifes laptop.product s/n ( ******* )  

No. 2011 estimated taxes are paid separately and usually go to a different address than the tax return. You can use form 1040ES to do this. However, the 2011 form 1040ES does not seem to be available yet. Check the IRS website later for the form. ron.  


Does Turbo Tax offer phone support  

He may be able to claim you as a non-relative dependent but he will not be able to claim any education credit for you.Only the student or the relative of the student, when the student is a dependent of the relative, can claim the educational credit.You will have to meet all the requirements of a non-relative dependent for him to claim you as a dependent -To be a qualifying relative (i.e., a dependent),----- you must provide more than 1/2 of the individuals support----- they must not earn more than $3,700 in taxable income (social security doesnt count) in 2011----- they must not file a joint return with another----- If not an actual relative, they must live with you all 365 days of the year----- they are not a qualifying child of another taxpayer  


My tax accountant requires the .tax versions of my returns filed in 2014.  I know these were available in other versions of TurboTax/ Quick Tax in the past.  How do I get these files?  PDF versions are not ok - require the .tax files.  

IF you were under 59 1/2 when you took the distribution, then it is subject to the early withdrawal penalty.  


I asked for my tax back in january. And I still didn't receive it. I was looking what could be wrong and the zip code was wrong. I'm living in Brazil now and I don't know what to do.  

Start by putting in a change of address form with the IRS ... https://www.irs.gov/uac/form-8822-change-of-addressThen check to see if they tried to mail the refund ...   https://www.irs.gov/refundsAnd if they did you can contact them to get it reissued....https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...  


We did not receive it in the mail. How can I download one.  

If you did not reside in any ND school district, use code 54-000.http://min.midco.net/StateInstructions/www/instructions/ND_Codes.pdf  


I purchased a cell phone during 2015 and paid a set monthly fee for it during 2015. Can I claim the cost of the device itself and the total monthly fees as an employment expense?  

If paper filing your state return Turbo Tax prints out all the forms that need to be sent. If e-filed and mailing in a check for amount owed. A voucher should print when you owe federal and / or state.  


I have completed my return but cant submit as I have already 8 completed returns. How can I transfer my completed return to a new TurboTax program?  

Thank you for your question.You can buy, directly from the software, an additional return.Click on help button, chose additional return and purchase it directly on this page.This return will be available after the payment.Have a good day. 


I am using Turbo tax for the first time.  When my accountant filled out my taxes last year he used a form entitled Calculating your Deduction for Refund of Unused RRSP, PRPP and SPP Contributions:.  

You can only do one return in the online version. You must set up a new account, with a new User ID and password. Or, pruchase or download the desktop version, which is good for up to 5 returns.  


Where do I Present my foreign Earned Income Credit Exclusion, it is supposed to go in line 7 and in (parenthesis) in line 22 of form 1040.  

Foreign earned income is reported on Form 1040 Line 7.  The exclusion is entered on Form 1040 Line 21 as a negative number.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


I filled everything out and need to print it out to send to the IRS but I can't find it anywhere  

Did you get an IRS letter asking for it?   Did you follow these instructions ?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I can claim 20% of my eligible expenses for workspace-in-the-home. I was eligible in 2014 but did not claim so would like to do that this year. There is a section for carry forward from prior year. What number do I put in there? The gross amount spent and TurboTax will apply the % that is indicated in the 2015 details? Or do I do the calculation and only put in the net amount eligible?  

No, there is no tax credit for that.  


I need a copy of my 2014 taxes and it won't let me access them without upgrading. It says I still need to do my 2015 taxes which are done through my husbands account. How do I get a copy of them? It wants to take the money from the upgrade out of my refund but it's already been given!  

To access the\nprior year return ... since you  didnt\nfile or pay for a 2015 program under the same \naccount that you used for the 2014 return ... then you have 2 options.\n\n1) Pay for the 2015\nprogram to unlock the prior year returns \n\n\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight\nto the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n\n\n \n\n\n  2) Contact TT\nsupport and have them unlock the return since you used another account for 2014:\n\n\nUse the following\nTurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is\nopen Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to\n5 p.m. Pacific \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call.\n\nThere will be some\npersonal information gathered so a case can be created for you. A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\n\n  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\nNote:  The Call\noption will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 


It looks like my employer included my tuition reimbursement in my total income, where would I check to see this is included or deducted from my total income on my T4?  

You can only deduct your 2011 losses on your 2011 tax return.  


I have yet to pay the $9500 in penalties !  

I don't know the 2016 amounts so I am using 2015.  It will get you close.  Well for Single you get 1 personal exemption of 4,000 and the standard Deduction of 6,300 unless your itemized deductions are more.  So that would be 10,300 off your income.  95,000 -3,000 (capital Loss carryover) - 10,300 = 81,700 taxable income.  Tax on that is $16,225 + the $9,500 10% early withdrawal penalty.  Then subtract any withholding taken out of the withdrawal and that will give you the amount you owe.2015 Tax Table  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040tt.pdfYou can do an estimate this way,You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button  


achet en ligne mais ne fonctionne pas avec Mac  

Unemployment Comp, right?  Enter it here (not in the W-2 section):Wages and IncomeExplore on My OwnOther Common IncomeGovernment PaymentsUnemployment  


I moved multiple times across the country. This was mandatory for my final year of schooling. Is there a way for me to claim these moving expenses?  

I believe that there is nothing you can do about that. Assuming you are filing a schedule C (business) form, I believe that you will not have income to report, yet you will have valid expenses against that income. The net effect will be to significantly reduce your taxable income (and therefore your tax) for this year.  


As an example, lets say that I have just sold a new set of tools for $400. If I had purchased this set of tools a year prior for $300, but did not claim that $300 as an expense on that years taxes, is there a way to claim the value of the items sold in the year of sale rather than having to claim a $400 profit on a transaction where you only really made a net profit of $100? If so, on what lines would I need to report the cost of goods sold and the total income for sold goods?Thank you.  

I am assuming you may be asking about real estate taxes or mortgage insurance that was found on your mortgage statement last year but is not there this year.   In this case, you may want to contact your lender and ask them why this is the case.  


I need this ASAP  

Are these the instructions youre following?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


For ExampleMy W2 says I make (box 1)100,000.  My social security wages says I made (2) 106,000 and (12d)  says I contributed 6000.I know for my foriegn income i supposed to enter the total 106,000 but where do I enter the 6000?Thanks  

For your local meals you may either use the per diem rate or the actual receipts. As long as there is a business purpose for the meals incurred locally, the per diem rate for your tax home may be used. You must keep records of the amount of the expense, the time and place of the meal, and the business purpose of the expense. You may only claim 50% as a deduction.  


[Removed personal info]  

You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down. 


This has to do with the Child-Rearing Provision. Service Canada sent me a letter stating my Mothers estate was owed $16,959.08 but there was an over payment of $15,838.80 therefore the estate was only due $1,120.28, On the T4A (P) the CRA sent me, line 20 reads $1,120.28 and line 14 reads $16, 959.08. Since Turbo Tax wont allow me to fill in line 20 with the taxable amount the final tally suggest the estate made over $20,000.00 when it just made a little over $4,000.00 requiring the estate to pay $343.00 in taxes.  

The person that DOES NOT owe the debt is the injured spouse.  For example, if YOU owe $26,000 in student loans and are currently defaulted, your spouse is the "Injured Spouse" since the debt is yours.  If, however, the debt is owed by your spouse, you are the "Injured Spouse" because you are not the person that owes the debt.  


need this ASAP  

If the above maneuvers did not work, then see if this FAQ describes your issue, and below that I will tell you how to phone TurboTax Support for assistance.FAQ: Oops! We cant find the page you requested message when trying to download PDF return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4834380To get a \nphone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at \nthe link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be \nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed last year using TurboTax 2014, but I lost the software.  I need to amend my 2014 return.  Can I do this with TurboTax 2015 or do I need to buy TurboTax 2014 again?  

No you need to use the 2014 program to amend 2014.  Did you buy the CD?  If you bought the download you can download it again.  If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download OR you can ask support for another copy.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I have entered every code that in any way relates to my business, but all are rejected as invalid.How do I Netfile?  

Be sure to deduct sales tax you paid in Estimates and Other Taxes Paid.  Unfortunately, the alternative motor vehicle credit for a Prius has been phased out (due to number sold).  


this box is highlighted but I can't input the info  

Try using a different browser like Chrome or Firefox.  IE 11 has been giving some people problems.  


My 2015 tax return is already filed. Instructions aren't helping. What do i do?  

If you have filed the 2015 online return - \n\nWhen you sign onto\nyour online account and are on the Welcome Home screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on\nyour 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a\nstate).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you\nfiled.\n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, click on My\nAccount at the top of the\nonline program screen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


at one point I was using a Mac desktop, however it did not support windows.  

Please see your previous Q&A re obtaining Mac software:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365849-i-would-like-to-amend-my-2014-taxes-however-i-am-having-a-...  


Is there a place to find the individual forms after filing?  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2763466-missing-form-2106-from-prior-year-return-forms  


Jai acheter le CD chez un revendeur mais il ne peut se telecharger.  

This would be a Schedule D, capital loss transaction.To enter into TurboTax, type “investment sales” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the box below, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions. In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms.  


I am logged in,  this is how I am in  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


how do I begin to pay quarterly taxes? my income has increased this year  

For SE self employment tax - if you have a net profit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% SE Tax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it. So if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put you into a higher tax bracket.You must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Or here are the blank Estimates and instructions from the IRS..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 17, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms. You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state.To pay the IRS electronically See http://www.irs.gov/uac/Electronic-Payment-Options-Home-Page  If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters.  


I e-filed through the mobile app on my cellphone and I received confirmation of both federal and state taxes being accepted. I paid all fees that I owed and took care of all of that. When I went back into the app to see how much I was going to get refunded I couldn't see anything. If I go to turbotax.com it shows me that I haven't even done my 2015 taxes yet even though I already filed and paid the fees. I didn't even receive an option showing me if wanted to download the copy of my filing. I don't even know how much of a refund it was going to give me. I tried going to the IRS to figure out if I got a refund but I don't remember the exact filing amount. What can I do?  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


Sur la page de saisie du formulaire T5008, a la case type de revenu, Dans quel cas doit-on indiquer Placements et dans quel cas on indique Gains en capital?Mon relev T5008 indique des activits sur des actions et des obligations  

I assume you are electing to file as a partnership or S-Corp and will be filing Form 1065, U.S. Return of Partnership Income or Form 1120, U.S. Corporation Income Tax Return.  If thats the case the K-1s sent out to each of you will reflect your pro-rata share of income.Tom Young  


I was given a notice by IRS for taxes owed on 2014 taxes.  The taxaudit folks from the audit turbotax audit insurance told me I had to pay the money owed to IRS plus make an amendment to my 2014 Hawaii State Taxes.  Please help me figure out how to do that using turbotax.  I was hoping the tax audit insurance would handle all of this but instead I need help doing the work my self in this case.  Thank you for any help or guidance.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128  


my tax return is not listed  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


I need a copy of my return to fill out my FAFSA, and it says it's in process even though my Federal and State returns have been accepted and my refunds received. How do I get a copy of my return?  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


is the T4A for CPP and OAP reported where Pensions are mentioned  

You mean it shows a  zero?  


I got a notice from state of California to pay the tax. Can you please help me find the problem and solve this issue. Thank youRegards,Pradnya.  

Calif FTB knows theyve messed this up for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtmlSee this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtmlIf yours is a different issue, please post back. 


please open my file  

You used TT Free, not a paid version.  Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked  


It has amounts for CPP contribution, EI premium, Union due, RPP contribution. What do I do with all of this since he did not work in 2015? He also has a T4A, T4A (P) and T4RIF form. I am using Turbotax Standard.  

Skitz, easy is relative.  Some find it very easy, others dont. Its impossible to say how you would approach it.  


This withholding was listed by Turbotax. The IRS says I need proof of the payment like a canceled check.  

You use the word withholding, but it sounds like you made a payment directly to the IRS.  If so, you may have posted that in the wrong place on your tax return.Send the IRS a copy of your bank statement or credit card receipt for the taxes paid.  However, if there was an actual amount withheld, send them a copy of the 1099-R that shows that.  


The CRA data was rounded down to the nearest dollar and I have data that is more accurate to dollars and cents.  Should I change/update CRAs data? or leave it alone and only add the missing data like cost base, # of shares, unit prices etc.  

You should have received a W-2G or 1099-MISC for the winnings.To report the W-2G go to Wages and Income, under Less Common Income, on Gambling Winnings click startTo report the 1099-MISC go to Wages and Income, under Other Common Income, on Income from Form 1099-MISC click start  


Hello,Im writing in reference to a federal tax return rejection that I have tried to fix 4 times now using the automatic link on the TurboTax website.I keep receiving the same error message:  F1040A-510-If Form 1040A, Line 6a checkbox is checked, the Primary SSN in the Return must not be equal to a Dependent SSN on another tax return.The instructions I receive are:  This return has been rejected by the IRS because the primary taxpayer's Social Security Number (SSN) has been claimed as a dependent on someone else's return. Review the primary Taxpayer's SSN to ensure that it has been entered correctly. If the SSN is correct and you want to file electronically, the taxpayer's SSN cannot be used to claim an exemption on this return. You must go to Personal Info and then You & Your Family, and check the No box for "Can someone claim you as a dependent?" If you want to claim the exemption on this return you will have to print and file by mail.I double checked my personal information, social security number, and filing status on form 1040A Line 6a.  Everything is accurate.  I checked with my parents, the only 2 people who could have claimed me in the past, and neither have been claiming me as a dependent for several years now.  I was able to file federal tax in 2014 without any problems.  I am starting to wonder if my identity has been stolen and is being used fraudulently.I need help with this issue.  Is this just a matter of filing my return through the mail?  Can I get advice from TurboTax on a resolution to this issue?  If necessary I can upgrade to the 24/7 PLUS option.  Any help would be appreciated.Thanks,Raven Harris  

If no one can claim you, you must file a paper return via US Mail.There is no fix for this error, so it doesnt matter how many times you try to e-File.Make two copies one for your own records and one for the IRS. 


ERREUR : Vous navez pas entr vos cotisations \nverses au Rgime provincial dassurance parentale de la case 55 du feuillet T4.Impossible de forcer linscription de la case 55 du T4 dans la ligne 375.  

Education expenses for K-12 are not deductible on your Federal tax return.  


trying to access my account to input information to figure and create a second qtr 1040 es due to a taxable LT capital gains sale.  The information provided by the search feature sends me in circles.  I suspect the guidance is either incorrect or incomplete.  This should be a simple operation in TT.  

Use the steps VolvoGirl provided above to open an already-filed online return back up.   NOTE:  Dont make any changes in your actual return, since changes are automatically saved and will overwrite your original return.  You may wish to download a backup copy first--just in case.Once the return is opened back up, you can go through the section W-4 and Estimated Taxes to \nfigure your customized 1040-ES quarterly tax payments.    There is also a place in \nthat interview to enter what you have already paid for 2016 (if \napplicable), and it will let you include any expected income changes or\n any other changes you have for 2016..\nFederal Taxes tab (or Personal tab in Home and Business.)\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll way down to last category Other Tax Forms\n\nFind topic Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes and click Start or Update.\nIf you need to adjust withholding, go through the W-4 interview.\n\nIf you dont need the W-4 (withholding) interview, you can skip that part and go to the 2016 estimated taxes interview.\nYou may get a screen that says Review your Estimates for 2016 and asks Do you want to adjust your income or deductions.  Say YES, so you can get to the additional questions.\nYou will go through a lot of screens asking about expected income and deductions.\nFinally, you will come to a screen that says Enter Payments You Expect to Make.\n\nThere are some boxes there that say Enter estimated tax payments youve already made for 2016.  \nNext screen will ask which method to use to calculate your 2016 estimated payments.\nNext screen will ask if you want to print vouchers.\n  


I know it's a T777 but where is that form ?  

This number is coming from your current W-2s. It is used for comparison with state sales tax to see which gives you the bigger deduction.  


what must i do now ? can i still use turbotax ?  

You can still use TT to file online until October. There is no penalty if you are due a refund.  


There's no way for me to download it.  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 


but then want money. YOU [Profanity Removed] Id like to add there are other sites that dont lie.  

You are asking from TT Free. Federal is Free, but State is extra.  You can try here:www.taxfreedom.com(How would TT pay its employees if everyone got to use its products for free?)  


someone contact me the whole thing of not being able to respond an email is annoying[edited phone ]  

Also see if this FAQ pertains to your issue, and then below the FAQ I will tell you how you can phone TurboTax Customer Support.FAQ: Oops! We cant find the page you requested message when trying to download PDF return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4834380If those maneuvers in your other thread were unsuccessful, then to get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


My partner and I had a child in 2015. He claimed her as a dependent. Can I also claim her as a dependent?  

Only one person can claim an exemption for a dependent.  


This is so unfair/crazy! I paid to use turbo tax my 5th year in a row. Turbo told me I owed 1218 and today I get an additional bill from the irs DUE in THREE weeks for more than an additional 1218, 1236.87!!!!!!!  

When the IRS sends out a bill they indicate what changes were made.  What were the changes the IRS says they made to your return?  


i filed my return with your website and it isn't under my records  

You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


I think it got rejected because they had sent my husband a security code I did not use.  

If IRS sent a 6-digit PIN to anyone on your return, you will not be able to e-File without it.If you cant find your tax return now, you are not logged in to the account you were using in April.  


Should everyone in Ontario have an amount in Provincial Tax Summary?  

This link should answer your question:http://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Does-Everyone-Need-to-File-an-Income-Tax-Return-/INF14399.html?_requestid=142516Thanks - Darrick  


I will pay for the service but don't want to file it just yet  

Yes you can pay ahead of time.  In fact you have to pay before you can print or file.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082  


\n\nEndless loop program LOOP. 1. Select Start state return. 2. Message\ndisplays download latest update. 3. Message displays your software is up to\ndate.  The state return is never\nstarted.\n\n  

See if this FAQ helps any:FAQ:  State Loop indicates TurboTax is up to date after updating but wont allow you to start your state returnhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4247963 


i was working as an architecture intern for two months from march to end of april 2015, and i was told that it would be self-employment since i did not receive any T4 slip. i dont know if that counts as professional, but I am still a student thought. the amount is very small: 800$ so should i claim at all.  

No. P&T Disability means youre incapable of ANY gainful activity - not just jobs like you had.  


Hi. Look, this was my first year filing my taxes myself. My mother did it for me in past years. The thing is, I need to know what my gross and net income for previous jobs were, and I don't want to ask my mom for that. Is there a way we can look that stuff up using my social security number? I know she used turbo tax to file that stuff.  

Sign onto your online\naccount using this TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


After login, I cannot access my tax return in order to submit it to Revenue Canada. All I see is a rotating circle which will not allow me to continue any steps in my tax return.  All I have to do is send. Please advise.  Is the site not working?  

A 401(k) is generally an employer-provided plan, and the deadline for 2011 contibutions was 12/31/2011.If you qualify, you can open a 2011Roth IRA until 4/17/2012. Roth contributions are not deductible, but may qualify for the Retirement Savings credit.  


there seems to be an error in the software: I am asked to FIX my dependant info with regards to CCB benefits included as dependant income, and I am not clear on what the error is. The page brings up 3 dependants yet when I choose EDIT it continually mismatches info from dependants and then reverts back to the same FIX screen. As a result I am prevented from filing my tax return. This is an inacceptable software error! Please advise!  

Sorry you have to enter the W2 under Wages and not part of your schedule C.  They paid you as an employee and not an independent contractor.  You should ask them about it.  Does the W2 show taxes taken out?  


I received a notice from the State of California Franchise Tax Board stating that my CA Income Tax Witholding amount has increased due to adjustment to my AGI on my W-2 and 1099-R.  However, this was not the case when we completed the tax forms online through turbotax.  Due to choosing married filing separately in the state of CA we need to include adjustments on the corresponding forms.  However, the calculation online generated a refund and not an amount due.  Why would the State of CA have a different calculation than what was generated by TurboTax when finalizing my return?  Which is correct?  Lastly, can my husband call as he is more familiar with tax terminology and can understand any amendments or actions that should be taken better than I can. Thanks!  

There have been recent problems with Californias processing of withholding.  They expect resolution.See the following service bulletin release by the California FTB about the problem:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml  


They are all over the age of 18 and not living with me and has been very expensive for me  

Form 8814 can only be used to include the interest and dividends that a child made in the parents return.  If his income was from wages reported to him on a Form W-2, you cannot include those wages in your return.  He must file his own return.As to whether you should claim him, the question is really CAN you claim him?  If you can claim him, even if you dont, he must so indicate on his return and he will not get the personal exemption for himself on his return.  His $10,000 income in and of itself does not disqualify him from being your dependent.  A child can be a “qualifying child” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent… He/she is your son or daughter (natural born or adopted), stepchild, foster child, or a descendant (for example, your grandchild) of any of them, or your brother, sister, half brother, half sister, stepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant (for example, your niece or nephew) of any of them AND is younger than you…If you are not the child’s parent, your AGI must be higher than the AGI of either of the child’s parents…He/she is under age 19 at the end of the year, or a full-time student under age 24 at the end of the year, or permanently and totally disabled at any time during the year, regardless of age.… He/she must have lived with you for more than half of the year. There are exceptions for temporary absences, children who were born or died during the year, kidnapped children, and children of divorced or separated parents.…He/she cannot have provided more than half of his or her own support for the year.  IRS Publication 501 on page 20 has a worksheet to help in the calculation of support.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year.  


I wonder if this Turbo-tax basic edition allow to transfer tuition to a parent since the free edition apparently doesnt  

You should receive a Form 1099-R from the TSP.  It is entered under pensions and social security benefits.  


I need the detailed tax data for fafsa from my 2014 tax returns I filed like you can get for the 2015 tax returns. I understand I can download my tax returns but it doesn't properly break it up the way I need it. I'm divorced now but when we filed our 2014 taxes I was married and we filed together. When you click the tax data for 2015 it actually breaks it up the way I need to see it. Is there anyway possible to get this information?  

If you didnt save a PDF with all the worksheets last year then all you can get now is the return which is why you really need to save the return both ways every year right after the returns are accepted. If you have a .tax2014 file you could get the 2014 downloaded program to open it and see the breakdown.If you have your W-2 and other reporting forms you should be able to break out your income from the total (get your college bound student to help if needed ).If you dont have your tax reporting forms then you can get an income transcript from the IRS https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


You are claiming the Ontario apprenticeship training or co-operative education tax credit. You need to complete both the number of eligible apprentices or work placements...FixFix button brings to a blank package and cannot make changers to fix the problem. There is a continue button that leads back to the error message.  

Make certain all errors have been cleared.  Click the Wrap-Up tab, keep going through the final Review Error Check until all errors are cleared.  Repeat the error check until you receive the "Congratulations screen.  Then you can move on.        ===========================================================Make certain all errors have been cleared.  Click the Error Check tab and click continue button, keep going through the final Review, Error Check until all errors are cleared.  Sometimes entering information on one form requires an entry on another form.  Repeat the error check until you receive the "Congratulations" message screen ..Error Check Complete.____ Congratulations!  We reviewed your federal return and found no errors..Information for data calculations is a very delicate process.  A  or some other character can stop the process.  Most entry fields have a mask that formats the input so you dont have to.  Enter One Thousand Dollars and eighty five cents as 1000.85.  DO NOT enter as $1,000.85. . Do not enter hyphenated names.  Characters like  ~ Tilde, \\ Backslash, " Ditto, # Number Sign/Pound, * Asterisk, ^ Caret, : Colon, ;Semicolon, @ At Sign,  etc.  In most cases Punctuation marks and delimiters are invalid.  


Hello, I am living in the Netherlands now (and lived there for the whole year of 2015) and filling taxes for Maryland where I lived before I moved to the Netherlands. As I understand I have to file MD taxes because I still have rental property in MD and have an income from it, also I keeping there my home US address (different for the rental property). TurboTax asks me if I am a resident of MD. Because I did not live for the last year in MD, I am not MD resident. But I cannot state that I was not resident of MD because than I cannot fill MD taxes with TurboTax. So my question is: how to fill MD tax returns if I am not a resident of MD and was not a resident of any other US state for 2015?  

If your domicile (your permanent home) is in Maryland, then you retain your Maryland residency when working overseas.  If thats your situation, then do this:In the Personal Info section, click Edit next to your name and put MD as your state of residence.  Answer No to the question about living in another state.Then, in the Mailing Address & Phone Number section, enter the information you want the IRS to use in case they need to contact you.Military and other individuals whose domicile is in Maryland, but who are stationed or work outside of Maryland, including overseas, retain their Maryland legal residence.  http://forms.marylandtaxes.com/15_forms/resident_booklet.pdf  


I logged into my account and I'm trying to print off my pdf tax docs but its not letting me.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


It appears that that I need to enter the total amount in box 13 with code R and use the individual 401k option for the elective deferral. However; this is not an "individual 401k according to the IRS definition. Thanks.  

Generally, a partnership or sole proprietorship is permitted to maintain a cash or deferred arrangement, and individual partners or owners are permitted to make cash or deferred elections with respect to compensation attributable to services rendered to the entity, under the same rules that apply to other cash or deferred arrangements.In the case of a partnership, a cash or deferred arrangement includes any arrangement that directly or indirectly permits individual partners to vary the amount of contributions made on their behalf.For the code "R" - see instructions - page 10 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1065sk1.pdfPayments made on your behalf to an IRA, qualified plan, simplified employee pension (SEP), or a SIMPLE IRA plan.The partnership reports guaranteed payments and 401k contributions on K1 - and the partner will report the deduction on his/her tax return - form 1040 line 28.1040 instructions :  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdfPub 560 :  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p560.pdf 


Normally I pay about $60,000 per year in tax.  I built a house and took money out of my IRA and owe an additional $80,000 in tax/penalties this year.  It took time to come up with the additional funds.  

With the extension, you are avoiding the 5% per month failure-to-file penalty until October 15. As Critter indicated, you are only liable for the failure-to-pay penalty and interest.  However, you may also be subject to an underpayment penalty as well if your tax liability this year than last year, and you owe a significant amount.  


I am a freelance Massage Therapist living in Lausanne Switzerland. I have not lived in the United States since 2008. I earned less than $100,800 in 2015. Why does turbotax say I owe taxes?  

If you are reporting self employment income and have a net profit there are self employment taxes that you are required to pay which cover the Social Security and Medicare taxes.  Schedule SE is generated by the program for the taxes.  The taxes are reported on Form 1040 Line 57.  If your income has been excluded for federal income taxes then Form 1040 Line 43 should be zero. 


I didn't expect a community blog answering my tax questions.  Is this the case with MAX Assist and Defend for which I paid good money for?  I don't want some hayseed responding to my questions!  

Youve posted in a community user forum.  We can tell you how to access your Max benefits, including Priority Care.Heres more info on Max:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924462-what-is-maxHeres how to use your Max Benefits:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924453-how-do-i-access-my-max-benefitsAnd heres how to use Priority Care for your tax questions or product questions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924461-how-do-i-contact-you-through-priority-care  


shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;Not going through  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the error you are receiving - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online  


Your website is incredably frustrating to navigate.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I will be a full time graduate student in New York, working (part-time) remotely for an organization in Virginia, but my permanent address is in New Jersey. What address do I use and how should I file my taxes?  

Since you plan to be in NY for over a year, and can't be a dependent on your parent's return, you're apparently a NY part-year resident beginning Sep 2016. See Tax Home at https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463/index.html Generally, the only taxpayers who can keep a Tax Home where they don't live for over a year are on military/government assignment ,,,  


How is it that I've filed with TurboTax for 2015, yet my Tax records here default to my 2014 taxes?  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I have decided to not purchase audit defense. How do I remove it before proceeding with my purchase?  

Yes - so long as you have saved the return you can go back in and print the return after you have filed  


where is my refund?  

Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay.  


turbo tax asks if you want to import your t info but doen't do anythingwhy?  

What type of equipment, and how did you enter it?If AC/heat pump, cost is entered under "Energy-efficient building property". Max credit $300.Furnace or water heater, max credit is $150.Advanced main air circulating fan, max credit is $50.If you system has multiple qualifying components, you need to split up the cost.  


The amount of the fees is approx $12,500 and relates to whether I was entitled to be a member of the pension plan or not  

You need to fill out Form 8889 Part II.  That is the form to report both the distributions and the qualified medical expenses.  If you did not do that, then the IRS sends a notice.  They dont know what your expenses are unless you tell them by reporting it on the correct form and attaching it to your return.  In response to the notice, send the properly filled out 8889.  


Last year (filing 2014 taxes), I purchased TurboTax Standard. At some point as reflected on the billing I received an Upgrade Loyalty Discount: Standard to Premier; $0.00 and Primary freedom return - Premier: FREE which was explained as: We (Intuit) offer free returns for lower income households and military and police personnel who are on active duty overseas. Bottom line, Order Total: $0.00.This year (filing 2015 taxes), I once again selected TurboTax  Standard and expected, given the lack of any Warning! or Change documentation, application of the Loyalty Discount and Primary freedom return. I genuinely feel that I was misled by Intuits failure to clearly disclose the change (addition of TurboTax Free product option and apparent cancellation of the Primary freedom return policy) . Had the changes and resulting certainty of being charged $19.99 plus tax been plainly and simply disclosed, I would have considered my other options to file my 2015 tax return.  

You can, but you must pay the TT state fee in order to print that return.  


This is the first time I actually file for taxes and it is confusing. How do I amend/add "medical expenses"? Do I only need to submit form b-1095? or should I check all my bills and calculate how much I spent?  

A Form 1095-B is not entered on a federal tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920030-what-is-form-1095-bIf your medical expenses and your other itemized deductions are less than the standard deduction for your filing status, there is no need to amend the tax return.Health care insurance premiums and other medical expenses that you paid with out of pocket funds are an eligible medical expense that you can deduct using Schedule A for itemized deductions.  However, only your total medical expenses that are greater than 10% of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) can be deducted if you are under age 65.  If you are age 65 or older the AGI limit is 7.5%.  Your total itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for your filing status to have any tax benefit.Standard deductions for 2015 \nSingle - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or older\nHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\n  


Will not allow me to download .tax filewill not allow me to view past returns onlineThere are move instructions on how to purchase new version than to access what you've already paid forThis is really messed up, your go-to fix is to contact the IRS?  That's really messed up  

If you paid for desktop software for 2015, then your online account doesnt know that.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support and tell them about your 2015 download purchase from Amazon and ask them to unlock your previous returns.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The money has been wired from my overseas employer to the escrow account.  It is a loan from my foreign employer (below market).   My real estate agent says if I use the money for the purchase through an LLC  (that is, take the title in the LLCs name), it will be shielded by taxes, since it will be counted as capitalization of the LLC.  I cant seem to find anything definitive in the tax code or online, and have read some information to the contrary (that it will be considered income in any case, whether through the LLC or if I take the property title under my name), and therefore taxed at a high rate.   I do understand the implications of taking it in my name-- that it counts as income and therefore is taxed as income.  Does anyone know about the tax implications of using this money to capitalize the LLC?Since its a loan, is there any way to ensure its documented as such?  Can I do that as a person, or better through the LLC?\n\nMore info on the LLC:  it would be a sole proprietorship made for conducting real estate activities.    \n\n\n  

I suggest you see a local professional about all this, as there may be legal as well as tax considerations.  When foreign funds are involved, one must be careful to avoid money laundering concerns.  


I simply need to get the form for ez.  I will pay the moopney for the software but I cannot seem to get 2014 (today's date June 7, 2015)  

To prepare a prior year tax return, you must buy and download the software and install it on your computer. The return must be printed, signed and mailed after you prepare it. Prior year returns cannot be efiled. Here is a link to buy the 2014 program for download: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 


If 1040EZ inadequate how do I transfer onto 1040A and print the form 8962 form and 1040A page 2 that IRS requires?  TurboTax did not indicate I was filing wrong form!  

Im not sure what youre trying to carryforward.  here are the instructions for getting that 8962 and Page 2 for IRS.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521  


I paid for the taxes please call me [removed]  

There are a couple of reasons that the state taxes might not have been submitted.  They could have been rejected and you need to fix something, or if you submitted federal first without a state, then the state is placed on hold until the federal is accepted, then you can log in and transmit the state return.  You can log back into your account and click the File tab, then check status.  You should have the opportunity to fix an error or transmit a delayed return.  You can also print the return and mail it in, if there is an error you cant fix.  Click the personal tab to exit the filing interview, then click File to start over, and select print and file by mail.if you want to call customer support, Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


cant seem to download and print my return  

Are these the instructions youre following?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


I was charged $54.99 to file my federal taxes (6/6/2016) when I have already filed using Turbo Tax beginning of the year.  This fee was added to my "invoice" of filing my state taxes (6/6/2016).  I should have only been charged to file the State taxes.  Due to Turbo Tax re-filing my federal taxes, this caused my State to be rejected.  Please contact me ASAP for the fees you charged for federal filing, as this should NOT have occurred and to resolve the State Tax problem.  

Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


need an answer asap  

The online version is only good for one return (Did you use the CD version last year?). You must set up a new account with a new user ID and password for your Mom.  If her return is simple, the Federal Free version should be okay.  


I need help getting my return filed, its being rejected due to I assume my ex wife claiming our daughter, We alternate every year on claiming her and this years return is my year to claim her, any help would be much appreciated..  

If you are the non custodial parent make sure you are only trying to claim her as a dependent ... not as a HOH qualifier or for the EIC. Briefly,\nthere are 5 tax benefits of having a child dependent: Dependent exemption,\nchild tax credit, dependent care credit, head of household, and eligible for\nEIC. The tax code assigns all 5 benefits to the parent who has custody more\nthan half the time.  Custody is defined as where the child sleeps at\nnight.  (If the child is on a sleep over of a camping trip etc, the day is\ncounted toward the parent where the child would have slept if not for the event\nin question.)\n\nSo for\nthe IRS there is no 50% custody, you have to count nights, and one parent will\nalmost always have more than the other.  If for some reason the # of days\nis exactly equal (like in a leap year, 366 days, exactly 183 nights for each\nparent) then the tax benefits are assigned to the parent with the higher\nincome.\n\nIf the\ndivorce decree says that the non-custodial parent (parent with less than 50%\ntime) gets the dependents in a certain year, the custodial parent must fill out\nand sign a copy of form 8332 and give it to the other parent, this releases the\ntax benefits to the other parent.  However, the form 8332 only transfers the dependent exemption and the child tax\ncredit. Eligibility for Head of Household,\nDependent Care Credit, and EIC always stays with the custodial parent and cannot be transferred.\n The only way to transfer all 5 tax benefits from one parent to the other\nparent is to arrange the childrens sleeping schedules so that the desired\nparent qualifies for the particular year.\n\nIf you\nare the custodial parent, then in the years when you give your ex the form 8332\nallowing him or her to claim the dependent exemption and child tax credit, you\ncan still qualify for EIC, Head of Household and the Dependent Care benefit.\n You do this by carefully answering the questions in the dependent\ninterview in turbotax by saying yes you have a dependent, and yes you are\nsigning a form 8332 to allow the ex to claim the exemption.  Turbotax will\nassign a special status to your children of Non-dependent, use for HOH\nand EIC.  


How do I enter 1099 information for subcontractors that I've already paid if I've already been through the business section of the interview.  

Not sure how you missed it in the Other Common Business Expenses section of the Sch C business area so go back and look again for the Contract Labor heading....  


We just received a letter from the Georgia DOR stating that we owe taxes from 2010 with interest.  This is the first time we have received anything.  Can they go back six years even though they have accepted our return?  

Here is the statute of limitations for Georgia:\n\nThe Department of Revenue normally has three years in which to \nassess additional tax. However, if a claim for refund is filed within \nthe six-month period, before the close of the statute of limitations \nperiod, the period of assessment is extended for six months beginning on\n the day the claim for refund is filed.\nIf the taxpayer has omitted more than 25% of the gross income from the return, the limitation is six years.\nIn the case of fraud or if the taxpayer fails to file a return, there is no time limit.\n\nhttps://dor.georgia.gov/statute-limitations\n  


My 1040EZ showed big Fed & State refunds.  IRS requested 8962, so went back in and amended but it provided a 8965.  Now it shows both my refunds as $Zero!  I've since learned there are different instructions to get a 8962.  Can I ignore what I already amended and start again and get my original tax refunds, not Zero?  

If this is in response to the IRS\nletter you didnt really need to amend the return as much as just correct the\none you filed by adding the missing 1095-A info and printing off the forms\nneeded. \n\nFirst undo the amendment ....\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online \n\nThen follow these instructions ...\n\n\n\nLog back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Why wont my Visa card be accepted when trying to pay  

If Dad did not have a basis in the fund (money he put in after tax) it is all taxable to you.  


Hello, TurboTax is recommending that I claim my medical expenses under her income which is less than mine, but when I do I get an Audit Risk Alert! on the Audit Defence page.\nMedical expenses exceed 5% of your annual income or are $5000 or more. Note: Medical expense amounts are located in box 85, Employee-paid premiums for private health plan, of your T4; box 135, Recipient-paid premiums for private health services plans, of your T4A; or in receipts that youve entered. \n\nIn our experience this is a red flag that may put your tax return at an increased risk of scrutiny by the CRA. Red flags could result in anything from a simple request for additional documentation, an in-depth review, or a full audit. We suggest you use the navigation tabs at the top of the screen to return to the appropriate section of the TurboTax interview to review this information and make changes if appropriate.\nWhen I move the medical expenses to my return, we dont get this error, but then we also get around $100 less in our return.Is this just a false-positive and ignore the warning, or should I head it and move it to mine? Or should can I split the expenses between the two returns? I didnt see how to do that, it looks like only one or the other.Cheers and thanks!  

you are allowed to report a childs interest & dividends on your return. But, if he has capital gains or losses, youll have to file a separate return for him .If he does not have a net positive investment income of at least $950, he may not be required to file a return (see full rules below). But you may want to file anyway, for two reasons:1.  if the 1099-B amount is large, it could trigger an IRS inquiry2. If he has a capital loss carry forward, the most accurate way to calculate it is to prepare a tax return (you should prepare one even if you dont file it)If your dependent child is under age 18 (or under 24 if a student), he or she must file a tax return for 2011 if he had any of the following: 1.\tTotal income (wages, salaries, taxable scholarship etc.) of more than $5,800.2.\tUnearned income (interest, dividends, capital gains) of more than $950.3.\tUnearned income over $300 and gross income of more than $950 4.\tHousehold employee income (e.g. baby sitting, lawn mowing) over $1700 ($5800 if under age 18)5.   Other self employment income is over $400  


How do I find my tax documents from my 2014 return? I need a copy of the 1040 that was filed.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


form 2555  We earn all income as foreign earned income. We do NOT wish to exclude it.  Here is our error message, which I cannot fix no matter what I enter:Form 2555-T: Total Foreign Earned Income has a value for foreign earned income but dates for the foreign earned income exclusion aren't entered. Form 2555 must be completed including dates for bona fide residence or physical presence for the foreign earned income exclusion to calculate. To complete Form 2555, or to remove indicators that foreign earned income qualifies for exclusion on Form 2555 either on a W-2 or as Other Income on your return, return to Interview and search for 'foreign income'.Turbotax charged me for "filing" my taxes then refused to let me file.  

Go back through the interview questions for foreign income. There is one question that asks if you want to exclude the income or not. Alternatively, you could enter dates that would not qualify for the exclusion. Just note, that if you used the exclusion in the past and want to stop using it, you have to revoke it and wont be able to use it for the next 5 years.  


Trying to clear up the charges on my credit report that I've been fighting for three years now. How do I find this info?  

Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html  


I did not materially participate in the business but was on the Board of Directors if they needed my technical expertise. I may have provided this a few times but did not materially participate in the business. I am looking for some IRS document to show that I can show my income as passive so I can use my passive losses towards this.  

I dont see how it can be passive income, but lets see what the SuperUsers think. https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/passive-activity-loss-atg-chapter-3-pa...  


Est ce que jai besoin dun code pour soumettre en ligne? Est ce quil y a un code pour Quebec et/ou Canada qui a t envoy par la poste? Jai rien reu.  

You need to claim the rent as income and you can deduct the repair expenses during that time, and expenses to get the property ready to rent.  


Dans lannexe J, un montant est prsent dans la section B (service dentretien), la suite se calcul bien, mais  la ligne 90 de lannexe le montant est  zro au lieu du rsultat. Il y a peut-tre une combinaison de valeur (question oui/non) qui affecte le rsultat de lannexe, difficile  dire.Cette erreur amne un montant  payer de 400$ de plus.  

If you are a partner then you should get a schedule k-1 from the partnership return and not a 1099Misc.  If you got a 1099Misc then you are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under…..Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Income & ExpensesThen Profit or Loss from Business click Start or Update.You use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax. After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for 2010 Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment….http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html  


none of the advise given has worked  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to delete income earned in 2 places and correct an amount in investment income  

You are in Basic.  Basic is not the free one.  Only the Free Edition is free for federal.  To go back to a lower version or the Free Edition you have to abandon this account and start over with a new account and user name and re-enter all your info.  And you wont be able to transfer from last year.  


We live in Switzerland and each time I go through the steps for the Child and Dependent Care Credit, TurboTax says I do not qualify due to no Earned Income.  Our employers are foreign (i.e., not US) so they do not issue us W2s.  Whats the deal?!?!?  

Earned income.   Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. A net loss from self-employment reduces earned income. Earned income also includes strike benefits and any disability pay you report as wages.Generally, only taxable compensation is included. For example, foreign earned income and Medicaid waiver payments you exclude from income are not includedhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p503/ar02.html  


its first first time filing. Im filing for both 2014 and 2015 but Ive moved in the last year and have different address on my t4 and wondering what address i should put  

You can delete your return before filing, and you wont be charged.  However, you will have to pay the fee if you want to print it.  


Want to get a benefit for depreciation for years past to help ease depreciation recapture tax this year.  

Technically, you cant amend to claim the depreciation now.  You need to file Form 3115 with this years tax return to catch up on the depreciation.  However, TurboTax does not support that form, so you may wish to go to a tax professional this year to file that with your tax return. 


Our extension is due June 15, but we (apparently) don't have enough time to mail a hard copy. We won't be back in the US until the end of July. (Also, we have the basic paid level of TurboTax.)  

If you are overseas and past April 18, you cannot e-file an extension.  You need to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay particular attention to block 8.  


Income tax deducted is different on federal and on provincial... which do I use? ...do I add the 2?  

http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=106  


Error message: \tJulie: You have chosen to stop contributing to the Canada Pension Plan on your self-employment earnings; but have not made an election on your employment earnings during the year. You must have made an election on your employment earnings at some point in the year to be able to elect to stop contributing to CPP on your self-employment earnings.  

Try going to Print & File > File a Return > File by Mail.  


I live in VA and file my personal income with VA. I also have a business with two offices/same EIN, one in VA and one in DE (both are LLCs). This is my first year with this setup. My business is strictly business consulting (I basically needed the DE LLC to look good to potential clients), and I dont have inventory or buy/sell goods. All of my money earned is for services offered. Do I have to pick one of the states as my primary business location for tax purposes (and just file with that one) or do I file with both? I just want to make sure I follow the right protocols, but also dont want to be double taxed.  

Delaware gets the first crack at taxing your Delaware-source income and Virginia will give you a credit for the tax paid to Delaware. The credit will be no more than the tax on that same income in Virginia. All of your income from any source is reported on your Virginia tax return, because you are a Virginia resident.That is the general scheme of things when more than one jurisdiction is involved, internationally as well as between states. That way, there is no double tax. The net effect is that you end up paying the entire tax once at the rate imposed by Delaware or Virginia, whichever is higher.In your case, however, I dont know whether or not you actually have any Delaware-source income. You say you are a business consultant. Where are you physically located when you perform those services? I am not familiar with Delawares rules regarding source of income in such a case, but my guess is that it would be related to how much time you spend actually visiting clients in Delaware or working out of an office physically located in Delaware.One other factor, potentially, is that some states, typically neighboring states, have agreements with each other that supersede the general rules described above and generally make things simpler and more convenient. So you should determine first whether or not there is any such agreement between Virginia and Delaware.  


I am not able to figure out how I should enter the foreign tax paid for foreign interest income, capital gains etc. As a result, my tax due is a lot higher  

To report foreign tax paid in TurboTax:\n\nClick My Account (Top right of your screen).\n\n\nSelect Tools.\n\n\nIn the pop up window, select Topic Search.\n\n\nIn the search bar, type in foreign tax paid.\n\nHighlight it and select GO, and follow the prompts  


My company changed systems in November 2015, so sent us two T4s for the year.  The first has all the deductions claimed for EI and CPP as they are paid up in the early fall.  I am entering the 2nd T$ for the last of the year and on the T4 the EI and CPP columns are both 0 as the were claimed on the first T4.  When I enter this, your system is changing them to the full amount of the T4 but they are supposed to be 0.  Can you help?  

nk00, your state taxes owed will not be taken out of your federal refund. The screen you are referring to is the refund summary, it is for informational purposes only. It merely estimates what your combined refund will be, it does not actually subtract or add one to the other. You will still need to pay your state taxes due, nk00. I hope this answers your question, but let me know if you need any more help.  


Hi.  I (US citizen) live abroad (Israel )full time and work abroad for foreign company.  My wife is not American and my 3 kids are Americans, they have citizenship.  I filed last year as "Head of household", a 1040, child credit form and an 1116. I want to use TurboTax and have a copy of my 2014 return.  How do I do this with Turbotax?  

I have not tried it, but this should be straightforward in Turbotax. You are entitled to use the Head of Household status in your case, and Turbotax should allow it even if you say you are married in the personal information  section. You may need to override the program.  However, there are other considerations:1. You do not mention if you file form 2555. This can save you a substantial amount off your tax bill, but it makes the return more complex, and form 1116 will require an additional calculation of disallowed credit. But I strongly recommend filing it, if you do not do so already. Turbotax has been awkward in handling Foreign Income and form 2555, but it is doable. I have used it successfully for a number of years in the past, but not in the last five years.2. If your wife has little or no income of her own, you should treat her as a resident for tax purposes. This will allow you to file a joint return, taking advantage of lower tax rates, and a higher standard deduction.  


From TurboTax website below:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Investments-and-Taxes/Employee-Stock-Purchase-Plans/INF12047.htmlMy understanding is that I have to report  the lesser of the following:- Gross sales price minus actual discounted price paid for shares. My case was $2400; OR- The per-share company discount times the number of shares. My case was $1676However, my W2 reported Ive income of $2246.My question is, which number should I report on Line 7, of Form 1040? Do I still need to report the W2 income I received if I am using $1676 as ESPP Ordinary Income?  

The TurboTax article on this is fairly poor.Although its somewhat unusual to receive a W-2 for Qualified Dispositions - companies are not allowed to deduct reported Qualifying Disposition income - the sale of the stock acquired via an ESPP certainly can create compensation income and reporting it as such on a W-2 does happen.The amount of compensation created by the sale is the lesser of (1) the excess of the fair market value of the share at the time of such disposition or over the amount paid for the share under the option, or(2) the excess of the fair market value of the share at the time the option was granted over the option price.I can only assume that the company understands this and that the stocks price at the grant date was higher than its price at the date of exercise.  If thats the case then you report that W-2 income on line 7 of Form 1040 and also add this amount to your actual out of pocket cost to calculate the gain on sale.Tom Young  


Payment Codes***  

If you used the CD Version, they would be on your hard drive with names ending in *.tax .  


The over 55 homes ask for copies of last years tax to see if you income is not to much  

Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)  


Also, received a 1095-A and 1095-C for the same month, should I submit that?  

medical expenses (like money paid to marketplace) go on Schedule A itemized deductions, and you should enter both the 1095A and C info exactly as it appears on your forms when prompted by TTax.  I am unsure if TurboTax automatically carries the 1095A expense to Schedule A, but after you enter the A jump to forms and see if that expense is listed (the total money out of your pocket).  


Can we use TurboTax declaring her business losses?  

Yes.  She needs to fill out a schedule C for business.  Unless she has a separate business set up and needs to do a 1065 Partnership or LLC return or a 1120 S or C corp business return.  Then you would also need to buy Turbo Tax Business for a 1065 or 1120 return.Otherwise for self employment, sole proprietor, independent contractor, etc. she just files schedule C in your personal 1040 return.  First of all,  If you buy the Desktop CD or Download Software any version will handle it but you will get more help in Home & Business.For the Online versions...........You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.  I can tell you how to enter it the lower versions.You use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is At Risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3%  Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed 


I moved to the US in August.  Does that still qualify me for Earned Income Credit?  

To qualify for EITC, you and your spouse, if filing a joint return, must have a Social Security Number (SSN) issued by the Social Security Administration that is valid for employment. Any qualifying child listed on the Schedule EIC must also have an SSN that is valid for Employment  


Help  

Just paying the TT fees does not file the return.  Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


I have entered an amount from 20 of my T4RSP and CRA has advised me to enter an offsetting entry to line 232. How do I do this on line?  

Enter the numbers from your K-1, Item K, Partners share of liabilities at year end.  


It is still there.  She does not receive any other pension.  There are no other slips and none have been entered twice that I can see.  

Only if you are the other parent of the child.  You can claim an unrelated person, but that person must have lived with you the entire year (all 365 days) to qualify.If you are the other parent, then your child born during 2011 would be considered to have lived with you all year and you could claim as a Qualifying Child.  


I am trying to set up a payment wire form, and the form is asking for a Taxpayer name control.  

If you did not use a business name and instead used your individual name, your name control will be the first four letters of your last name  


est under payment  penality for $52.52.  

If you had a balance due the the State can and does bill you for underpayment penalties based on when the return was accepted and the payment was made.  Nothing you can do but pay the fee timely. 


Having trouble filing. Dont understand what I am doing.  

Child and dependent credits and deductions can be very complicated.You may want to enter or review the dependent information in the "Easy Guide" sequence for entering dependents.  Under the Personal Info tab.  Also use the Easy Guide in the You and Your Family section. Please use The EITC assistant on IRS.gov website and Publication 596 both are very thorough and easy to follow. Since you have all of your information, you should be able to solve the issue by using those resources. There is a very good reference chart available athttp://www.eitc.irs.gov/central/childbenefit/The IRS website has an EITC assistant to find out if you should claim it.http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=130102,00.htmlAlso a complete guide with examples and the earned Income Table. Very easy to follow.Also see IRS Publication 596 – Earned Credit(EIC)http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p596.pdfSchedule EIC Earned Income Credithttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sei.pdfOther references for Child and Dependent deductions and creditsIRS Publication 501 – Exemptions, Standard Deduction and Filing Informationhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdfhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf    Page 20 for Worksheet for determining supportForm 8332 – Release/Revocation of Release of Claim to Exemption for Child by Custodial Parenthttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8332.pdfIRS Publication 504 – Divorced or Separated Individualshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p504.pdfIRS Publication 972 – Child Tax Credithttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p972.pdfIRS Publication 503 – Child and Dependent Care Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p503.pdfIRS Publication 17 – Your Federal Income Taxhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p17.pdf  


Looking for advice on ditching the abusive 400$ per-return charging CPA that tells you things like get your fing [Profanity Removed] together, and literally Im your daddy.   Not sure exactly what he does aside from including various expenses and such (although I dont always have an itemized list) ...  Looking for suggestions on maximizing my return on my own through Turbo Tax -  What are some general tips or deductions that I can apply as a standard W2 employee but also running uber business and bought a car (I can deduct this if I did it towards the end of the year ya?) Are there some good common credits I could utilize, deductions, etc? ..  If I have copies of returns from prior years I suppose I should be able to pinpoint these things yes?  

First ... is there only one CPA in your neck of the woods?  If there isnt  then fire him and hire another. Next ... if you are going to be your own tax preparer you have to do your own homework ... the TT program will not do everything for you although there are many help tips and directions as you go. \n  \nFor the Self Employment Uber income it is best to use the Home & Business version of the program which will walk you thru the Sch C data entries in detail. If you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n \n\n\nPAYING ESTIMATES\nFor SE self employment tax - if you have a net\nprofit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% for 2015  SE\nTax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it.\nSo if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put\nyou into a higher tax bracket.\n\nYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments\nfor the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:\n- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax\nfor the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. \n \n- 2. You expect your withholding and credits to\nbe less than the smaller of: \n    90% of the tax to be\nshown on your current years tax return, or \n  100% of the tax shown on your prior\nyears tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n  \nAs for the Employee business expenses :  \n  \n    As an employee, you may be able to deduct certain unreimbursed expenses that the IRS considers ordinary and necessary to do your job. That would include things like:\n    \n        Union dues\n        Tools\n        Dues or subscriptions to professional societies\n        Licenses\n        Travel and meals for business, including DOT per diem\n        Home office  


Only focussed on Add/Remove premiums..not really focussed on what is no change/remove and validity...'June end timelines'Focussed on only price validity'Not focussed on My Plan page for June end release'XHS device addons'repackaging needs to be addressed asap to help support!'show tier pricing upfront in USC////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////step_dsc_den - DSC table 44////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////When I did my taxes earlier in April, I have signed up for easy pay installment options with IRS and I have paid my first installment in time using 1040 ES payment voucher. However, I received a notice from IRS that I have missed the deadline to pay using Form 9465? This form has been suly filled and accepted by IRS in April but I chose tax vouchers to pay my installments instead of 9465. I am confused on which form to use for paying my 2015 federal taxes?  

The 1040ES is for estimated payments TOWARDS your 2016 return NEXT year.  Not to pay this year's tax.  So next year when you fill out your tax return be sure to enter any estimated payments you made on this form 1040ES.  


I did the same way in 2014, but this year it is prompting for further payments. Is there a change in payment?  

TT does not control the date of your refund.  Thats the IRS or your state. Please read this:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.html  


I am on H1 visa in US since 2012. i filed my ITR through local consultant. To file FBAR, do I need to mention any of the following:1. My ppf account2. My wifes saving bank accountAlso, I got minimal interest in my bank accounts <15000 in previous years. So should I file income tax return amendment? If yes then what is the process for same?Please suggest.  

As a resident alien you are required to file the FBAR form and report both the accounts you mentioned. your wife would need to file her own FBAR if you are not the co-owner of her savings account. Is that <15000 Rupee? You do have to report foreign interest income and will need to amend your prior returns if you havent, but you need to convert any non-USD amounts to USD. 


Revenu de location: dduction pour amortissement de l'immeuble pour acquisition dans la premire anne, catgorie 1 taux 4%. Le logiciel calcule l'amortissement  demi taux pour le fdral mais ne le fait pas pour le provincial. Pourquoi? Actuellement, il y a un revenu net de location du montant de 1831,64$ au provincial, mais le logiciel refuse le montant de DPA qui mettrait ce montant  0. Voir la capture d'cran spcifiquement.  

Greetings and thanks for choosing TurboTax! If updating fails, visit this link to help identify and solve your issue: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12056.html You can also manually download and install federal updates from the following link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12430.html Or, you can order the free update CD by visiting this link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12489.html  


the software wouldn't allow me to claim child fitness credit  

That was based on the code in box 7 that you entered on your 1099-R from 2010.  You should pull out your 2010 forms and review them.  401k to traditional IRA should have code G in box 7.  If it is anything other than that, you might want to get in contact with your account representative and make sure everyone is on the same page about the transaction.  


i paied my husband's balance owing, but when i got to my, it did not let me go through setting up a Plastq account and pay by my onw card, and i did not fell the payment was done. how do i kown if i have paid my owing or not  

You can select "Other - not on above list" from the drop-down list if there is nothing else you can choose.  


I inadvertently downloaded the program and registered as myself but the program was bought by the company I am volunteering in and will be expensed by the company for tax purposes. So how can I change the registration information? I will be at home Monday to receive your email or your call.  

If you earned income as an independent contractor, you must report your income on Schedule C. You may claim business expenses incurred in earning your income as an independent contractor. To be deductible, a business expense must be both ordinary and necessary. An ordinary expense is one that is common and accepted in your industry. A necessary expense is one that is helpful and appropriate for your trade or business. An expense does not have to be indispensable to be considered necessary. Please click the link below for information on deducting business expenses.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p535/index.html  


I have entered $1000 for child fitness expense.  I understand the this is a refundable tax credit for 2015 and it is showing N/A in the non-refundable tax credit section accordingly.  However, it is showing zero also in the tax credit section near the end of the return.  

One biggest frustrations Ive every had. (Windows 7) More than 2 hours. I got an easy fix from another poster but that way wasnt quite right. Here goes: Click start button. In search progams box type user account. Click user accounts at top. Click Change user account control settings. Click yes to allow Microsoft to make changes. Move slider to always notify and click okay. Now get your state. It worked for me! Good luck and be blessed.  


I need to print them off and I cannot find it  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Where do I find my 2014 and 2015 tax returns ?  

Tax year 2015 is the current year available using the online editions.  If you completed and filed the 2015 return, paid for the Plus edition or higher and used the same user ID in 2015 as you used for the prior online tax returns, then follow this procedure -You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


When I did my tax return I claimed unemployment and stated I did not pay taxes at the time. It was suppose to be taken out of my refund. I am receiving letters stating they have not received it and that I am delinquent. How can someone look at my 2015 return to see that this was taken care of?Thanks  

As you can tell from our queries, your question is not clear. Starr by checking your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  


I have two mobile homes that I have rented out, I pay pad rent on both, How do I claim the pad rent  

You can use the following: TurboTax Federal Free Edition: Free to Prepare, Free to Print, Free to EfileFor details, look here:http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jsp  


I am currently charging rent to a tenant who is paying $800 ABOVE Fair Market Value. Is that legal? If no, why?  

This is an income tax forum. Legal questions must be asked of a licensed attorney in your state.  


I've never had this problem before.  

You might want to check and see if you are a victim of identity theft, ie. someone may have submitted a tax return using your identity. Just a thought...  


i want to get  accurate details of our tax return,if the net income is too low then the total amount will be wrong.Why did turbo tax put my wifes income so low?  

No, you can not. Property settlements in a divorce are not reportable or deductible.  


What code is used for the United States when reporting?  

No they cant claim you since your were not a student at least part of 5 months in 2011 and you earned more than 37000.  


I filed 2014 with my ex husband under turbo tax.  He has all the information, how do i get it ?  Thank you  

You can get a free transcript from the IRS:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript 


Also, box 26 of the T3 is for other income. What does it mean for having another box 26 for other income - interest? Do I enter the same number twice or is this different?  

I understand what you are saying. A expense can only be deducted one time. But you are useing the Cobra expences as a reason not to pay the 10% early distribution penality,which is permissible. The amount of your medical insurance could be excluded from the 10% penality. Form 5329 reason code 07. You can also use the expense as a Schedule A Medical Deduction.  


I am being asked to provide a copy of my federal Form 2441 to the Oregon Department of Revenue before my Oregon income tax return can be processed. When I printed a copy of my return, I do not see a copy of this form included. Where do I find this information?  

Open your return, and then go here to check (but do NOT change anything):To enter your child care deductions in TurboTax please go to: \nFederal Taxes tab\nDeductions and Credits\nExplore On My Own\nscroll down to You and Your Family\nthen, Child and Dependent Care Credit\n 


I'd like to do both my taxes and my mothers (My dependent) and claim what I can, but I began my filing first. I'd like to do this properly, but neither of us are sure of what to do and in what order. Do I need to go through and do her taxes, and if so, what information and fields do I need to enter to make it possible?  

The custodial parent almost always gets the dependency exemption.  That would be you in 2010.  However, you need to be cognizant of what your divorce decree says.  If it says that she gets the exemption, then you have a conundrum.  The IRS doesnt really care nor have to follow what the divorce decree says but, on the other hand, you dont want to tick off some judge if your ex presses the issue.  You may have to talk to her about this or consult with your legal counsel.Regardless of how the dependency exemption is resolved, your ex cannot take the Child and Dependent Care Credit because the child did not live in her home more than 1/2 the year.  Only you are potentially eligible for that and you dont have to claim your daughter as a dependent to get it.  


I already have a account with turbo tax and my son n law asked me if I could do his on my turbo tax can I and if so how?  

You will have to create a new account with a new unique user ID for another tax return using the online editions.  The same email address can be used for up to five separate online accounts.  The online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Go to this TurboTax website and create a new account - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  


I indicated that I had foreign earnings but that I do not want to claim the foreign earned income exclusion.  Could this be why I am having this problem?  

See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3343558-foreign-tax-credit  


Other answers to this question (https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/questions/855242-do-i-need-to-declare-my-spouse-s-income-if-the...) and (https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/questions/849631) say to enter my spouses SIN as 000-000-000 and put them as a non-resident. I cannot find where to enter their residency status. The spousal credit is showing up on line 303.  

Sounds like it is saying you file with a duplicate ssn.  A duplicate ssn means that a social security number in your return is on your return twice or it has already been used on another return already filed probably by mistake. Check under personal info and make sure each ssn is only used one time. Maybe you entered one twice.   If you dont find it in your return you will have to mail your return and let the IRS sort it out and determine who is entitled to claim that ssn.  They will send you both letters.Someone else may have typed your number by mistake.  Its a common error.  See this for error 0507 Dependents SSN can not be used twice��.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Efile-status/Error-0507---The-dependent-s-social-security-number------When-Checking-E-filing-Status/SLN12029.html See this for error 0515 Your SSN can not be used twice��.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Efile-status/Error-0515---Your-Social-Security-number-cannot-be-used-more-than-once-in-the-return----/SLN44952.html?_requestid=234550  


In my 2014 return filed with you, i have selected an option for deducting the filing fee from my refund. However, i paid it separately as my refund got delayed sever months. When i contacted the IRS office, they said TurboTax might have changed the banking information and that may be the reason my refund is getting delayed. Can you confirm my banking details are as per my income tax filing and revert back if its changes for any reason.  

mailsathya.d:Did the IRS say they had paid (sent) the 2014 refund?When you choose to have the TurboTax fees paid out of your refund, that is handled by an intermediary company (SBTPG--Santa Barbara Tax Products Group) who assigns an account and routing number for the intermediary bank to first receive your funds.  Your funds may be tied up at the intermediary company that handles that.Even though you paid the fees separately by another method, your refund still goes through SBTPGs bank because thats how your refund was originally set up, using one of their two banks.  If the second direct deposit from SBTPGs bank to your bank failed, it should have bounced back to SBTPGs bank, who should have mailed you a check.You can call SBTPG Customer Support to see what you can learn about your 2014 refund.SBTPG Live Taxpayer Support     \t 1-877-908-7228Try that approach first.  If you cant get it solved at the SBTPG level, call TurboTax Customer Support for further assistance.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The application was approved.  

You need to wait to see if the return is accepted or rejected. If the return is rejected then you can make the corrections and refile. If the return is accepted and you want to make changes then you need to file an amended return. If you elect to file an amended return then wait until you have paid any taxes due or received any refund due and then use TT to generate a 1040X and mail it to the IRS - you cant efile an amended return.See this for more information.http://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Amending-Your-Income-Tax-Return/INF12058.htmlCopies of all 1099-R forms are sent to the IRS. Later this year the IRS will attempt to match the 1099-R form it receives for you with your return. If there is no match you can expect a  letter from the IRS in 9 to 12 months telling you that you owe additional taxes, interest, and perhaps penalties.  


I already have paid taxes and filed the return in US (California) for the above period. However, now I need to file the Income Tax return in India for 2015-16. As I have paid more than 35% of my income in US, am I eligible to tax benefits in India.  

dont understand how you are getting double taxation ---- your US return is based only US sourced income ( what you did before coming to the USA does not involve USA). However, once you have been admited into the USA under visa,  you are treated as a resident for tax purposes and so your world income  comes under the purview of the US tax system --- US operates its tax administration on residency basis.  Please provide more details as to what income did you enter into TurboTax for the two months that you worked in the USA -- also is this your first time into USA or did you spend a total 186 days in the last three years including 2015?  Please elaborate 


Now, in the Intro section, the program has created 8 spots for dependents who don't exist. It is asking for their birth dates and won't let me proceed. The won't 'remove' by using the remove button.  

Yes, based on what you have said here, you can claim your brother as a dependent because you provided over half of his support, and his income was less than $3700 during 2011.  


Should I file in Canada first because we live in Canada?  After I file in Canada should I file in the US?  How will I know when to enter world income for the tax treaty?I also have 2 dependents who are dual citizens.  

Your questions far exceed the capabilityof this forum to supply an affirmative andcorrectanswer. Dual citizenship and transnational working situations can be very gnarly to resolve. It would bewise to consult a tax professional who is familiar withCanadian/U.S. tax filings. 


Jutilise la version en ligne.Ce nest pas un revenu mais un remboursement complet de mes prestations lAE maladie que jai fait en 2015 aprs avoir reu le montant de mes assurances.Dans la section (Autres dductions),  quel question dois-je inscrire le montant pour le remboursement dAE qui est inscrit sur le relev T4E(Q).Aucune des questions poss ne sert  insrer ce montant. Je veux rclamer limpt pay en trop.Cest ce montant (remboursement complet) que je veux rclamer et qui est inscrit sur le T4E(Q).  

They would not have received a payment.  They would have initiated the payment themselves after receiving your banking info.  You would have to call to double check the bank info and see if they had a problem processing the withdrawal  


We sent the IRS the amount owed for 2015 and they cashed the check but now sent a notice indicating they did not receive the check.  I have a copy of the cancelled check but their notification letter provides no guidance as to how to correct their error.  How can this be corrected?  

Simply respond to the letter with a note saying you disagree and attach a copy of the proof of payment.  


I converted a property from a primary residence to a rental in August 2012.  We are now selling the property.  I have been using TT since then, and just went back and looked at the depreciation worksheets and noticed form 4562 has Bus Use % at 38% for every year since (but was rented 100% since Aug 2012).  It looks like TT based the depreciation on 38% of the value of the property.   Am I missing something or is this a mistake?  

Yes, its a mistake.I suspect that in 2012 you accidentally entered that it was rented 38% of the year (which is the wrong way of entering it), and unless you go in to edit the asset the next year, it would carry that number over from year to year.You should go back and amend your prior tax returns.  Unless you filed for an extension in 2012, that is now past the date to amend, but you can amend the other years to receive the tax benefit of the proper depreciation.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 


How do I contact Turbotax if living overseas? I can't give them an overseas number to call me back on!  

Hi!Most likely the easiest way would be to get a Google Voice telephone number. You would need a free Google GMail account, and you would associate the Gmail account to the Google voice number. There are Google Voice apps for Android and iPhone which would allow you to make and receive phone calls on your phone. A second way would be to set up a Skype account where you would associate your Google Voice number to your Skype account and then you can make and receive calls thru Skype. Hope this helps.  


all computers i try to go on and access the PLUS version do not give me the orange take me to my refund option or the upgrade option. So i am lost on how to do this and very frustrated  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I have dozens of donations to enter - all the former complete stats are in 2012 worksheets.  Help me, please[Removed PII]  

2012 donations can only be reported on your 2012 tax return.  If you start a 2013 return using a 2012 data file, the only thing that will transfer is charity names.  You then have to enter 2013 donations separately.  


I had an accountant do my personal taxes. He did not include my 1095-A form in the calculations so now I got a letter from the IRS to fill out a 8962 form, submit a 1095-A form and an amended 2nd page of my 1040 tax return with our original signatures. Can I do this in Turbotax if I did not use it to fill out my original taxes? I do believe the explanation of the 8962 form will be quite simpler if I could do it inTurbotax. The issue I have is thisOn my 1095-A form I have myself and two kids, one was 18 and the other 21 when my 2015 taxes were done. When I did my taxes I claimed my 18 year old on my taxes and my 21 year old claimed himself and used Turboxtax to do his taxes. On my Healthcare.gov insurance I have both kids and myself listed on my 1095-A. How does my oldest childs salary figure into the 8962 Form? Does his AGI go on line 2b? If so, that puts Line 3 at $100,392 which is well over the 4 x the Poverty rate of $19,790 for NC. That being said I skip lines 7, 8, 9 and 10 and go straight to line 11. That brings me to my original question. My total for 11 (a) is $13,511.64 and 11(b) is $12,379.48. 11 (c) is $.0.11 (d) would be $12,379.48 I assume. 11 (e) is where I have my confusion. It asks for the smaller number of (a) or (d). Is that subtracting 11 (d) from 11 (a) or is that the actual smaller number of $12,379.48? 11 (f) comes out to be $5351.92 which is my advance payment of premium tax credit. What 11 (d) is supposed to be makes a huge difference in what I pay back to the IRS. Its the difference of paying back $4,219.76 or $7,027.56. I dont understand how the latter could be right when that amount is more than the 11 (c) (advance payment of premium tax credit. My accountant cant help me with this because I fired him for other in-competencies. Just need some guidance on whether I can use Turbotax for this or not and an explanation of how the 8962 form should be filled out.  

you have a shared policy allocation issue since your tax family only includes those for which you claimed an exemption.  in other words you cant take any PTC for your 21-old. thus 2b would be $0 (hes not your dependent) and line 9 has to be checked yes.  you must then complete part 4.  your 21 year-old may have to file an amended return as a result.  Turbotax should be able to handle the calculations  


i just want to know if you will mail it to my address or send it to my direct depositbecause i already change my bank account and i think i owe turbotax 111$  

If you set up a direct deposit then it will go there...if the account is no longer active, IRS will receive notice and send it to the address on file.  


the trailer is my summer home and I return to my daughters home for 6 months during the winter  

You deduct real estate property tax in the year that you pay it, regardless of what year it is for.  


My employer permanently relocated me to California from Virginia. I am subletting temporary housing while shopping for a long-term solution. I want to update my tax records and CA specific tax forms to not have to continue paying VA taxes. What should I do? What address should I use?  

It is your employer payroll that needs to put you in the state of CA for state withholding.In any case, if you are in a hurry use your current mailing address in CA. You can update it again when you move.  


I recently received a notice from the IRS saying my 2014 tax return was incorrect and I owe money. I believe there is a mistake, and unfortunately, I cannot find a saved version of my tax return. Is there any way I can gain access to it?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


I see it's now over $100 bucks to 'upgrade' to entering my Schedule C -- isn't there any way to enter mileage otherwise??Thanks for any help!  

TurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM\nEdition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free\nFederal preparation and free State\npreparation. There is no efiling fee.The FREEDOM Edition can handle a 1099-MISC.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free\nEdition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that\nthe Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.\n\nFor Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:             \nAGI of $31,000 or less             \nor active duty\nmilitary (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2\nand a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less             \nor eligible for EIC\n(Earned Income Credit.)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom\n\nHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition  


Can't by[ass the Film property screen  

If you used Turbotax Online for your 2009 return and your info was imported into your 2010 return, your state tax refund should already be there. You can check and enter it if it is not already thereclick onFederal TaxesWages & IncomeExplore on my ownscroll down to Other Common Incomeon theTax refunds line, click start or updateOnly a state tax refund has to be reported, a federal refund is not reportable.  


i have tried to print it  i have already paid for it and it still wants me to start a new one i need it for gov docs  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


wanting to claim disability tax credit  

You are supposed to enter "EXPIRED".  I did that and it works.  Of course I can only do that by overriding the field, so I shouldnt be able to e-file.Youd think that working through the interview and checking the radio button on the option page that the option "expired" would work to put the word in there, but it doesnt.  Frankly, theres been a LOT of problems with the introduction of Form 8949 and I dont think the IRS is going to be going after miscreants that dont write in "expired" but instead put in $0.Tom Young  


Comment modifier des declaration dj envoyes  

Unfortunately, the on-line version of TT does not have a "Forms" mode to do direct entries. You will need to go into the program and "delete" your Form W2 information and the reenter it under the Business Income section for your Form 1099-MISC.  


i have california return and iowa  

You can just file state return and do not need to amend it.  


yes they said they don't want an electronic filing receipt what is that  

You just need to print a copy or the return that you filed electronically, sign & date it, and give it to Financial Aid.  


tat des loyers de biens immeubles Le total de la quote-part doit tre \ngal  100 % si vous aviez une socit de personnes ou que vous tiez \ncopropritaire avec votre bien commercial et de locationDepuis plusieurs annes que jutilise la mme chose de la mme faon et pas de problme. Cette la rvision me donne ce rejet svre  qui mempche de transmettre mon rapport50 % pour moi et 50 % pour ma conjointe sur un rapport dimpt conjoint  

Only if she made more than $5700. But, she is allowed to file if she made less and needs to get a refund of any withholding. Your state may have a lower threshold for filing a state return. She is still your dependent, so does not claim her own exemption if she does file.  


Ma dclaration est dj envoy  

See this  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Investment-Income/Error-Check--Enter-Dates-on-Form-6252/SLN56222.html  


Error message when filing to Revenue Quebec--SIN# of child care provider required? Its from CPE and primary school,  so no SIN#, I tried with their NEQ # and license #, still not working..??And also, I added my parents as dependants, as they are not permenent residents yet, so no SIN#. how to fix this error??  

From what I have heard there can be a day delay but I have also heard that people have gotten them on the exact date specified and some a day earlier.  It also depends on your bank when they post the money, there are some banks that dont post a deposit until the next day.  


original beneficiary passed away in 2015.  2014 1041 filed within 4 mos of original beneficiary's passing  

Yes.  You report each beneficiarys share of the income, deductions, and credits from the estate on a Schedule K-1.  You then attach the K-1s to the estates Form 1041.  Each beneficiary is given a copy of his or her respective Schedule K-1. 


Every single time I try to call I am asked to put my language, which I do and then it hangs up ... this only seems to happen on the English option but I do not speak enough french to understand how to talk to a person.  

No, all it means is that you got your return. You can be audited at least during the next three years, or possibly longer.  


i rolled over my 401k couple of months back, i send the check to new company with 10 days of closing my 401k, so can borrow money out of my new ira for 30 days, will i be restricted with that one time per year withdrawal restriction?  

You cannot take a loan from an IRA.  However, you can take a distribution and return it within 60 days.The once-per-year IRA rollover rule doesnt apply to rollovers to or from an employer plan such as a 401(k). 


any help appreciated.....don't have emails from that long ago...  

Re: Statute of LimitationsAn income tax assessment may be made at any time if (Sec. 13-1101(b), Tax General Art.): (1) a false return is filed with the intent to evade the tax; (2) a willful attempt is made to evade the tax; (3) a return is not filed as required; (4) an incomplete return is filed; or (5) a report of federal adjustment is not filed within 90 days of its issuance. http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/webmga/frmStatutesText.aspx?article=gtgion=13-1101&ext=html&session=...  


Hi I am under age 50 and am employed by an employer with a 401(k) plan and I also work as an independent contractor for an unrelated business.I have a solo 401(k) plan for my independent contracting business. I contributed the maximum amount to my employers 401(k) plan for 2015, $18,000.Assuming my independent contracting business only have net income 7000.When I use TurboTax for "Self-Employed Retirement Deduction", do I have to key in the 18,000 contribution to my employer's 401K?If yes which is what I did, TurboTax said I have excess contribution to my "self-employment" plan.Do I have to key in the 18,000 contribution to my employer's 401K?If not, isn't it true that I can only contribute up to the max 18,000 401k contribution for 2015?I know that I can have "employer nonelective" contribution for my Solo 401K.So the question is that Is my Solo 401K's max allowable contribution affected by my $18000 contribution to my employer's 401K?  

TurboTax is not capable of limiting your solo 401(k) elective deferrals when you have made elective deferrals to another plan.  Since you have already made the per-individual maximum elective deferral of $18,000, to your regular employers 401(k), you are only permitted the employer profit sharing contribution to your solo 401(k).  If your combined W-2 and self-employment income do not result in you maxing out your Social Security withholding, your maximum solo 401(k) profit-sharing contribution would be $1,301 on $7,000 of net profit from self-employment.  If you maxed out Social Security withholding on your W-2,  the maximum profit-sharing contribution would be $1,381.You can get TurboTax to calculate this for you by marking the Maximize box for a Profit-Sharing Keogh instead of marking the Maximize box for an individual 401(k). 


what do I do to correct this?  

Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspOnce filed and accepted, you cannot change the banking info. When the IRS and State issue your refunds and they bounce back, they will each mail you a check.  


I have a total of 3 siblings all under 19. I live with my mom who makes 4k+ yearly and claims all my siblings on her refund. I pay all bills including electric, water, property, phones etc.It seems all of my siblings meet the first four points of a "Qualifying Child": https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2900097-what-is-a-qualifying-person-for-head-of-householdThe second set of points disqualify relatives if they are already claimed, so I was wondering if this also applies to the first 4 points for qualifying child?  

You cannot claim HOH if your Mom claims all of your siblings.  


The amount as taxable income is significantly higher in the federal tax return than in the state tax return. It looks that some of the income hasn't been used in nj state tax return. Why is that?  

NJ taxable income differs from Federal. For example, NJ does not tax Social Security benefits, unemployment comp, disability income, etc.  In addition, Retirement benefits may be partially exempt.http://www.state.nj.us/treasury/taxation/njit12.shtml  


If Turbo Tax only did half the promised work, I should only pay half of the fees. I paid extra for all the services you offered to make sure my taxes were done correctly. Its almost 2 mos. since I filed. Where is my refund? when does turbo tax start looking into my refund being late?  

TT refund dates are only estimates. Once your return has been filed and accepted, timing of your refund is solely within the control of the IRS.  TT cannot expedite it.If your refund is delayed, TT will ask you to pay its fees. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3199769-turbotax-requiring-i-pay-the-filing-fee-now-because-my-ref...  


I have receipts from TurboTax where I purchased the premium package for both Federal and State. Help!  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I am trying to enter in my vehicle mileage used for business but the system will not give me option to claim the mileage, it only calculates actual expenses.  Vehicle is a lease, and I claimed mileage last year.  

If you claimed the Standard Mileage Rate on your leased vehicle last year, you are required to continue to use the Standard Mileage Rate.  You can not use the Actual Expenses.If you want to use the standard mileage rate for a car you lease, you \nmust use it for the entire lease period. For\n               leases that began on or before December 31, 1997, the \nstandard mileage rate must be used for the entire portion of the lease\n               period (including renewals) that is after 1997.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463/ch04.html#en_US_2015_publink100033935 


WHAT IS A 5498?  

To enter an investment sale from a brokerage account (1099-B), follow the steps below.Click on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)Click on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)Click on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)Under Investment IncomeOn Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other, click the start or update button\n\n5498 is informational only, and is not entered into your return.\n  


I don't know what this fee of 34.99 is for  

Did you choose the option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund (the refund processing service?)  If so, that option has a 34.99 service fee (34.99 or 39.99 for California filers, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)Heres how to see exactly what you are being charged for:\nOpen your return from the 2015 Tax Timeline (take me to my return) if not already open.\nOnce the return is open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose TOOLS.\nIn the Tools window, choose MY FEES.\nIf\n you did choose that refund processing option to pay out of your Federal\n refund and want to remove it, you can do so prior to filing and then \npay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or prepaid \ndebit card.   Heres how to remove it and pay, depending on what state you are in:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceCalifornia filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee  


I need to see my full 2015 tax return but my account doesn't show that I filed with TurboTax. I know that I did. I have the emails to prove it, but I can't see my last two years worth of tax returns.  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in their respective Tax Timelines, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


I filed them with Turbo tax and when I sign into my account they are not there  

You may have multiple online accounts without realizing it, andprobably are not logging into the right account.If you used Online TurboTax, this FAQ shows normally how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


Hi there, I haven't received my refund yet and I worked in multiple states last year. I set it up so that Turbo Tax would automatically pay California the money that I owed them in income tax but they sent me a letter saying it hadn't been paid yet. any idea what's going on?  

Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, it will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe  


I know i did owe state taxes for 2015, but I cant remember if I sent in the payment and have not received a bill from the state.  

Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay. Then look at your bank or credit card statement to confirm the payment was made. 


I cannot find it anywhere.  Why is Turbo Tax making it so hard for us to find and claim this fee?  All I have is my order number EFE##########.  Turbo tax should make it more readily available for us to find.  Not a reference number and we have to call someone.  

You may be able to deduct it if you itemize deductions and have a lot of other fees in that category such as unreimbursed employee job expenses, investment advisor fees, etc.See if these two FAQs helps you.  You can enter your order number in one of the forms that the first FAQ will link to, where it says look up your order.FAQ: What did I pay last year for TurboTax?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302128andFAQ:  Can I claim tax prep fees as a deduction?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186196  


Amended return, printed, and mailed by 4/3/16. Recieved federal & state (before amending) Feb 16. Confused as to why it's not showing on website? Calling IRS doesn't get me anywhere.  

Amended returns can take 16 weeks or longer to process after you mail them.  You can check here for the progress however returns sometimes dont show up at all....https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1To call the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr you may want to contact\na Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer\nAdvocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n  


How do I receive a card?  

Did you select to receive your Federal refund on a NetSpend Premier Visa Card?  Normally the NetSpend Card comes in postal mail 7-10 business days after filing.   If it has been longer than that, you can phone NetSpend Customer Service to troubleshoot.For questions or issues about your NetSpend Premier Visa Prepaid Card, including its activation, and fees, please call the toll-free NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.  


I have 3 W2's. One for myself and two from my spouse job. One W2 from spouse employer is missing state id as they did not have it first half of the year. The 2nd w2 of my spouse is self prepared on IRS form. The last date to pay remaining amount of tax owed as per CA state is 06/15. What should i do? should i pay the remaining amount or contest as per what is reported on w2's. Also is it possible to get date extension?  

Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml  


Pour les autres dclarations, le logiciel accepte douvrir mais pas pour cette dclaration en particulier alors que jai dj termin de la produire et quil me reste qu la transmettre  Revenu Qubec.  

That information is on your previous years tax returns.  Or if someone else claimed you it would be on theirs.  If you dont have the previous tax returns you can get a transcript from the IRS for free, or order an actual paper copy of the tax returns.  That is not free though. You can order it on the home page.  I only takes a few days or a week to get it from what I hear.  You will need this information to e-file also.  http://www.irs.gov/     go to tools.  


I have received an invalid industry code error on my return, but I have used the industry codes that were provided in the link, what do I do next  

If you used TurboTax Business to prepare the Form 1065 for 2010, you can open TurboTax Business for 2010 and purchase the Arizona state partnership forms thru the software.For 2011, just make sure youve indicated in the interview that this is a final return. File a Federal and Arizona final return.  


IRS sent me a letter requesting documents 1095-A and to complete Form 8962. How would I add this information to filed my tax return? In addition, this letter was received in May 11, 2016 with 20 day grace period for reply. I was out of town and saw this letter when I came home at the end of May. How should I deal with this notice?  

Respond to the notice using the procedure as shown in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


Yep, thats pretty much my question. Thanks!  

I would never tell anyone to avoid paying taxes, but you dd not mention if AirBnB sent you a 1099 form. If they did not, the IRS has no record of your rental receipts. If they did send you a 1099 form then your rental receipts are known to the IRS. Unreported earnings are the primary reason IRS computers select returns for audit. So if you got a 1099 form, no matter for how little, my advice is to report it and allow TurboTax to help you find ways to minimize the tax due on this small income. Remember that you are allowed to deduct expenses associated with keeping your home ready for customers.  


I need to see the damn thing.  IRS is fining me $51,745.59.  I have no idea why  I want to see the damn online return now!  What are you people going to do to help about it?  

Also see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


My husband is the only one working. He filed as the head of household. We did not file jointly.  

No. He also cannot file as Head of Household.You and your son may be his tax dependents, so he can claim your $4000 exemption (deduction), if you lived with him all year (see full rules below). But because you and your son are not related, your cannot be a qualifying child for\nthe earned income credit and child tax credit and neither of you are a qualifying person for  Head of Household filing status.A person can still be an\nother dependent (Qualifying relative in IRS parlance, even though they do not\nhave to actually be related), if not a Qualifying Child, if he meets the 6\ntests for claiming a dependent:1. Closely Related OR live\nwith you ALL year2. His/her gross taxable income for the year must be less than $4,000 (2015)3. You must have provided\nmore than 1/2 his support4. He must be a US citizen or resident of the US, Canada\nor Mexico\n5. He must not file a joint\nreturn with his spouse or be claiming a dependent of his own\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n6. He must not be the\nqualifying child of another taxpayerYou may be able to file as\nMarried Filing Jointly if you live in a state that recognizes common law\nmarriage. Currently, the following jurisdictions recognize common law\nmarriage: Alabama\n Colorado\n District\n  of Columbia  Iowa\n Kansas\n Montana\n New\n  Hampshire  Oklahoma\n Rhode\n  Island  South\n  Carolina  Texas UtahGeorgia(1997), Idaho(1996), Ohio(Oct. 1991), and Pennsylvania(2005) are grandfathered for the\nmarriages before the year indicated. Living\ntogether in a common law state is usually insufficient - you need to hold\nyourself out as married including owning property together, having joint\nbank accounts, etc. To find out your states rules see:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhttp://family.findlaw.com/marriage/common-law-marriage-states.htmlIf you are able to file jointly, then you (the couple) DO have a qualifying child for the tax credits. 


I am a drummer who has to buy new drums and equipment all year round. I would like to know if I can claim these purchases as a business expense or a write off and get some return.  

You bet you can deduct musical equipment used in your occupation.  There are rules for depreciation of items that have longer lives that you might review but you imply that your equipment have shorter life spans.   If you sell the equipment at some later date you really are to recognize that.  


got this error messageshippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;  

See if this FAQ assists you:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


Where is the Federal Taxes Tab?? I have gone through this a dozen times and can't see how to do that. It says "don't hit Continue but that's all it looks like there is to do! I don't want to amend my return just want to add the healthcare deduction doc.  

Using the Home and Business edition the Personal tab is the same as Federal Taxes as shown in the procedure.  


I have a charity that Ive used for years and it changed their name and address.  How can I update ItsDeductible to show those changes?  

Heres how you can update your charity name and address.\nSign into your ItsDeductible account.  \n\nChoose the tab for the year in question.  \n\nYou will see the main screen with the 4 categories--Items, Money, Stocks, and Mileage.   \n\nWay down at the bottom is a tiny blue link Manage Charities.  Click that.\nOn the next screen will be a list of your charities.  \n\nClick the EDIT  button for the charity you need to change the name/address.  \n\nAfter making the change, click the Update Charity button.\n\n 


Our returns are in both names, but when I try to access the 2011 return, it doesn't come up.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website using the same\nuser ID & password as the previous tax year \n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ \n \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your\norder click on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is currently open from 8am to 5pm\nPacific time Mon  Fri.   Submit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly\nwith a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download edition  


Asking just to better help my guests keep an accurate amout of money for taxes  

You may be better off asking that question to your casinos accountant or accounting department.  No doubt theyll be well familiar with Oregons state tax withholding requirements. 


on the page to initiate the net file process, it requests your email address.  it continues to give me an error warning....invalid email address.  It is, of course not invalid-but I cannot get past the prompt, even with a different address.  

Yes.  Put it in Box 1 and Box 2.  Stock dividends are normally qualified, so Id go with that in the absence of other info.  


All my information is the same.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I am filing out my student loan information and I need a copy of my taxes  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


The pest control misting system will be attached to my residence, is a solar electric property expenditure which uses solar energy to generate electricity and is used in a qualifying dwelling unit. It is powered by a battery that is constantly charged by a solar panel. Wouldn't this qualify as a solar electric property expenditure for property which uses solar energy to generate electricity for use in a qualifying dwelling unit. Does this qualify for the energy tax credit?  

No, that system would not qualify for the Home Energy Credit.  See this website for the solar systems which would qualify - https://www.energystar.gov/about/federal_tax_credits/solar_energy_systems 


Im on a 1 year W2 contract away from my tax home.  I have an apartment rental, and use my personal vehicle to drive from this apartment to the job site.  

If your temporary lodging is outside of the metropolitan area of your tax home this is business expense and could be paid by your company.  If not reimbursed you can claim this as unreimbursed business expense.  


I tried to file my taxes a couple months ago and i was missing my 1095A and I need to know if its still possible to get my tax return from my already uploaded info or if I need ti file all over again?  

Yes, you can get back to the return you filed using the online editions so you can comply with the notice you received from the IRS concerning your Form 1095-A and the Form 8962.Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ when using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 


I need this for the T1135 form.  

I dont understand how TurboTax let you file a HoH return if no one was living with you.  


Did Turbotax not keep a copy of my amended return which you processed on April 18?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5469508  


I filed a dual status tax return 1040 and 1040NR. The refund for 1040 form was credited to the account but the refund from 1040NR has not been credited. Also, the refund amount from 1040 has discrepancy by about 10 bucks or so in my favor.Does this mean that the refund was incorrectly processed and that the 1040NR refund piece has been completely ignored?How do I rectify this?  

TT does not support Form 1040NR. You best bet is to call the IRS.  


I need to send the above documents by June 17, 2016  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


When I check the PA State, I said still reviewing as of 3-29??  

Per PA,  allow 8-10 weeks for processing.Call the Taxpayer Service & Information Center at 717-787-8201, between the hours of 7:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.  


Our former principal residence is on the market but hasnt sold. Were moving into a new primary residence and have mortgages on both. I know I can deduct interest on a qualified second home but saw reference in IRS Pub 936 about a second home being [held] out for sale at any time during the year.My question is, if my previous primary residence is on the market and were holding it only because we cant find a buyer, is the mortgage interest deductible?  

I think the resale remark in Pub 936 relates to commercial/rental/income producing use of the home.  What I think is happening is that if you use the home as a rental (for more than 14 days) or other commercial (non-residential) purposes, you lose the deduction on schedule A and instead deduct the interest in a different way.   Obviously, if you ever try to sell a second home there will be some period of time where it is on the market, even though it is still a second home for you, and I dont think it is the intent of the regulation to prevent you from deducting the mortgage interest in that case.  


I filed a total of $3,312 but I need to know how I got to that number but cant remember my responses to certain questions. I looked over the questions using the Amend software but it doesnt pull up what I already filed/ answered with.  

One other option is to ask TT support for a download of the full 2014 program to assist you in the audit ... then you can open the 2014 tax file and see all the screens.Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Not sure where to find the EIN, nor am I clear on the sections about  the sections requiring me to fill in earned income, etc  

If you live and work in a foreign country and if your employer is not a US company or an agency of the US government, then you would not have received an IRS Form W-2.  The statement you received from your foreign employer is not entered in the W-2 section of the program.  You enter your foreign earned income in the Less Common Section of the program under Wages and Income.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


I never received my federal tax money. How long do I have to wait still?  

I believe that after youve filled your returns they than go to the IRS for acceptance. After they are accepted depending on your payment route for your return it can take anywhere between 1-3 weeks to get your return.  


I have filed by mail by federal tax to get my itin number and now need to file only my california tax. How do I do that?  

If you mail a federal return, you also have to mail the state return, it cant be e-filed.  Thats a security measure since in past years, lots of fraudulent returns were filed state-only because the states had weaker security.If you are using Turbotax online, you should be able to log in to your return, click the personal tab to add the ITIN, then click the File tab and run through the interview, selecting print and file by mail as your option.  


I have tried all of the trouble shooting suggestions and nothing is working.  

Have you tried this procedure? -If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


My income is much higher, but TurboTax puts the UCCB on my income. It is making a mistake and other questions in this forum also say the same thing. How do I ensure the UCCB goes on my wife's income -- which is much lower even after all deductions.  

Once the government releases new forms or updates, they need to be integrated into the software. That will always cause a difference between the dates forms are available form the IRS website and from software. Thats the same for any tax software, although some might be faster in adapting forms than others.  


I can't find any way to actually see my exact income and I need to know so I can sell my car  

If you have already filed your tax return -If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you are still working on your 2015 online return -Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Tools.  Click on View Tax Summary.  Your total income and your 2015 Adjusted Gross Income will be shown.  


I would like to download and print 2014 and send in.  How can i purchase the  2014 program?  

Do you need to prepare a 2014 return or did you start one online last year?You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp Here's how to finish a return you started online,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turbotax-online 


it was either 2013 or 2014  

Log in and look at your tax timeline....You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts  


I need a copy of my W-2.  How do I receive it?  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 


Just started working for myself in 2016. Any forms that I can use?  

OK heres some general info on self employmentIf you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employedPAYING QUARTERLY ESTIMATESYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)To prepare estimates for next year you start with your current year return, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Here are the blank Estimates and instructions..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 15, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms.  You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state. If you didnt owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters.  


en mettant tat civil mari, impossible dentrer montant pour personnevivant seule.  

Amend your 2010 return to report the vehicle as being converted to personal use.  


Quebec Taxes Schedule J Tax Credit for Home support Services for Seniors. Line 458  Turbo Tax entry?  

This can be frustrating. There are different boxes to add the AGI or PIN or New PIN. Here is some great information to help you. http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/SLN12645After you open your return again: 1. Click on "Print & File," 2. Then choose "File a Return" 3. Follow the steps until you get to the screen "Review your Federal Filing Choices"http://screencast.com/t/zcVKpNLUdhc4. Click "Edit" next to the row about "Identifying Information"5. Follow the steps to choose to Enter AGI or PIN.If this doesnt work, Try contacting the IRS by phone to get your pin.  Specify that you want your a NEW E-FILE PIN.  While on the phone, also ask for the E-FILE AGI as well.  They should give you the correct information on the phone.  Call this number 1-800-829-1040, press 2, do not select 7, press 1 and then press 3, this will take you to an actual person.I hope this helps solve your question!  


from my account. Not sure when this federal issue will be resolved. I want to make sure when I do receive my return Turbo Tax will not take it out twice.  

If\nthe IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the\npoint where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for\nPayment email, which\nincludes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund\nProcessing fee).\n\nIf\nyou do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll\nreceive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally,\nif your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund\ndate, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive\na Debit\nto your bank account has been initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS releases your\nrefund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your\nTurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nReview this TurboTax support FAQ on the Refund Processing Service you requested when having your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...\n\n  


Try to understand the scenario and answer the question OK if a employee is in Virginia and his company is in California from which state will he claim the (FUTA) Unemployment tax? To which state the employer will pay the taxes?  

from which state will he claim the (FUTA) Unemployment tax?FUTA (Federal Unemployment Tax Act payments) are not paid to the state, they are paid to the federal government.  SUTA (State Unemployment Tax Act payments) are paid to the state in which the employee is employed.  In your case, that would be VA.  


How can I edit my bank account number?  I already filed  

Sorry if you already filed its too late to change or fix it unless it rejects you can fix it and send it again.  If the bank rejects the deposit the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return. 


I loaned over 200K to a Corporation that was not mine. They made the first couple of agreed payments but then they disappeared with the rest of the money. How do I report in my personal taxes that money I lent, the interest I made, and the money I lost??  

Sorry ignore that.  That seems to be for a prior year.  Ill write up the new steps. 


why does turbotax at the end, not recongnize that I am a resident of Quebec? All of my paychecks are addressed to Quebec as well as my last notice of assessment. Because of this error, I cannot file my return.NetFile Qubec Qualifiers          You do not qualify for NetFile Qubec for the following reasons:        1.  You are not currently a resident of Qubec or were not resident of Qubec on December 31.  

". . . is a 1099-MISC required to be given to them by the agent?"In my opinion, no, as the amount is a reduction of closings costs, not income.  However, many real estate agents, either through lack of knowledge or being over cautious, do it anyway.  That moves the problem over to the client, who now needs to convince the IRS it isnt income, or doesnt belong on their tax return.  


I work for a cosmestic company 'Aloette' and I am considered an independent consultant.  

Online TTx doesnt have an easy way to check since you cant se the tax forms until you have paid for the software.BUT..Once you have entered allyour deductions so that you know you are using Itemized deductions with yor tax returngo thru the Federal Review (Right after Othe Tax Situations) and when the summary shows up there..look for the Mortgage interst line...the sum of your interst paid plus the amortized points should show up there.OR  if you paid for the software and can print out..print to PDF file with all forms and worksheets and look on line 7a of the "Tax and Interest Deduction Worksheet"  


We recently sold our primary residence and purchased another.  I assume that some of these expenses will be deductible.  We also donated furniture to charity. We are considering opening a new IRA and maxing out our 401Ks. Lastly, do I need to pay estimated taxes on the capital gain?  

One thing I would do is check my portfolio and sell any stock that you have lost money on.   If you have any real property that has lost value I would sell it and these losses would help reduce your cap. gains.  


I am not my spouse's dependant as I had income but under "2015 Income" it says None. I had to answer "no" to did you work in 2015. Even if I say "yes" to working in 2015 none of the items listed underneath apply. What should I do?  

At the beginning of the Print & File section of the interview, it first asks whether you want to e-file or file by mail. Select e-file. The next screen asks which returns you want to e-file. Select "e-file my federal return" and "do not e-file my state return now." Continue through the interview to e-file your federal return. You can then go back to the beginning, select file by mail, and print your state return for filing.  


My husband paid for his return but did not file, as the program stated that changes could still be made after paying.  Now, when we want to file together, the program is asking us to pay again.  How do we put what he has already paid towards the fee?  

If you made no withdrawels or contributions to the IRA in 2011 there is nothing for you to report.  Gains or losses within the retirement plans are not reportable as long as you did not make a withdrawel.  


I took a loan against my 401k last year.  I have the money to pay almost all of it back and I just separated from my employer last week.  It's my understanding that, if I pay all of it back except $2000, that $2000 will count toward my income and I'll be subject to pay an early withdrawal fee of $200 on the $2000 that hasn't been paid back.  Is that correct?  Is there anything else that I would have to pay?  Any other taxes or hidden fees?  

Is that correct?Yes, that is correct.  You will owe income taxes on the distribution at your marginal tax rate and, if under 59 1/2, a premature distribution penalty of 10%.  


I was not employed but helped out a company and had a 1099 for 2014 but I am not self employed. I need to file it and that is the only thing I had for 2014 was this one 1099, I got sick and actually didn't file it just got a notice from IRS so I need to know how to file a 1099  return  

You need to file a form 1040 and a schedule C. Even though you dont consider yourself to be self employed, the IRS expects a 1099-MISC with income reported in box 7 to be filed as self employment income. You will need to buy and download the 2014 Home & Business version of TurboTax to complete a tax return for this income and any expenses you incurred along with the income. Here is a link to download it: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Complete the Personal section and then the Business section and any other sections that are needed to complete your tax return.  


It is fine to debit my acct if it cannot be stopped but I want to avoid a duplicate payment from my refund when processed.  

The debit cannot be stopped however you will not have to pay the fee twice.  


My partner and I finally started generating some cash flow thru our business enough to want to start paying ourselves wages. However, business isnt quite good enough to pay what would be considered reasonable wages within our industry for the level of responsibility and duties we each perform.Is paying ourselves way less ok in the mean time? That is, can we pay what we can afford instead of what is deemed industry reasonable?We certainly dont plan to take any above and beyond profit/dividend distributions until such a time when we are generating enough business to warrant paying ourselves reasonable salaries first.  

Yes, thats okay.As you said, as long as you dont take other money out of the corporation as a distributions, having a lower-than average wages due to cash flow is fine.  Once you start taking out other money as distributions, you need to make sure your wages are reasonable for your industry and the work that you perform.  


I talked to an IRS representative over the phone, and they suspect that the e-file my preparer sent was rejected - but if thats the case, why was I still able to receive my state refund? Moreover, what should my next course of action be?  

If you used a paid preparer, you should ask your tax preparer what the status of your federal tax return is. If there is a problem, the preparer should correct it. 


Please let me know how I can get my refund into my account. I recieved my State taxes but did not receive my federal yet.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I was in usa last year with j1 visa. My was was with me as j2. I have ssn but she doesnt have ssn or tax id number.  

is there any way to get refund without her ssn or tax idYou can file separately and mail it in.  You cannot file a joint return if your spouse has no SSN or TIN.  Alternatively, you can apply for a TIN for her and file married filing jointly.  A Form W-7 is used to apply for a TIN.  \n\nThe tax return and W-7 cannot be\ne-filed.  They are mailed to a special location:\n\n     Internal\nRevenue Service\n\n     Austin Service\nCenter\n\n     ITIN Operation\n\n\n     P.O. Box\n149342\n\n     Austin, TX 78714-9342\n\n  


Why is turbotax charging me!  

Why ???   Because you failed to read the entire screen !Florida does not levy a\nstate individual income tax. You do not need to file an income tax return with\nthe state.\n\nThe Florida return in\nTurboTax is to report tangible personal property used in a Florida-located\nbusiness or rental property and is filed with the county property\nappraiser. If you do need to file a DR-405, nothing will print unless assets are transferred or you manually enter\nassets in the DR-405 worksheet.\n\nIf you do not have a\nbusiness or rental real estate with assets in Florida, you do not need to\nprepare or file the Florida return in TurboTax.\n\nYou should have been\npresented with an opportunity to skip the Florida tangible personal property\ntax return if you have no tangible personal property to report. \n\nIf you mistakenly continued on through\nthe Florida section in TurboTax and paid for a return that you do not need,\ncontact customer service and request a refund. \n\nVisit --> https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ to\ncontact customer service.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


My 1120s return is showing a refund of $16,367, which is the same amount of estimated taxes that I made on my personal taxes.  Is this correct? I dont actually remember entering those figures in the 1120s.  I did enter it in my personal 1040 but since have removed it because I dont want to duplicate it.  How do you remove estimated tax payments from 1120s if I dont recall entering them?  Or do I need to enter the estimated tax payments for 2015 in both the 1120s and the 1040?I am using home & business for the 1040 and TT Business for the 1120s.  

Estimated payments are NEVER entered on the 1120S ... remove them from there. Switch to the forms mode in the TT Business program and see where that amount shows up so you can back track to remove it.  


I am a lawful permanent resident of the USA since 2004, and I am traveling to Malaysia with my 7-yr old son (US citizen) from July 2016 to January 2017. If we stop our insurance coverage in the USA from July to December 2016 and buy travel insurance (with medical coverage), OR Health Insurance from AIA Trust in Malaysia instead, can we avoid penalty for 2016 tax in health coverage?  

There is no penalty for the months you dont have health insurance due to being out of the country. Travel insurance usually doesnt meet the ACA definition of qualified health insurance but ask the insurance company, they should be able to tell you that.  https://www.healthcare.gov/coverage/ 


If I use Oct 1-Jan31 2015 for this years taxes can I easily switch the fiscal year beginning to Jan 1 in Turbotax for future years? Or should I use the full calendar year in 2015 even though I wasnt legally able to work in the profession until Oct 2015?  

When you click the option "Rentals" is states: Well help you get all the deductions you deserve from rental property you owned, bought (Form 1098), or sold (Form 1099-S). Well also see if you qualify for a tax break if you had to sell at a loss.  


I have two children and I am had of household and single, though their father lives with me, we are not married. If I get state assistance helping with daycare, and am paying $15 out of pocket per child, or am paying 4125 for one, but not the other,how can I claim that? Does the IRS see how much the state is paying for my childrens childcare assistance? I would assume I cant calim the full amount, but can the IRS see that the state is paying for some of it? It is about $4000 a year, total mine and theirs payments included, but I do not know what to do or claim?  

All you can claim is what you paid out of pocket for the day care expenses ... you cannot claim what the state assistance program pays.  That is the correct way to do it and if you are ever audited it is the amount you can substantiate with receipts.  


Once you fill out the proper forms online, are you required to submit your online forms?  

Once you complete a return online you can efile them, mail them or just ignore them.  you are not obligated to file them at all.  


When I entered my tuition the amount I owed increased by $600 dollars? My tuition was enough to cover what I owed and I still have left over tuition from the previous year?  

Hello,Thank you for your question.This is due to the WITB credit.  This is a low income credit that is automatically assessed by TurboTax through the information you enter.  Once you entered your tuition you are identified as a student which then triggers your ineligibility for the low income credit.  Unfortunately students are not allowed this credit. Read it on our blog: http://blog.turbotax.ca/student-taxes-faqs/Thank you,The TurboTax Team 


I lived in me but worked in va. I reccieved my me ged tax returns but va is asking me for a copy of it. How can I access on line through turbo tax. Thank u  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301414  


We have made several attempts to contact TurboTax, but not one will ever get back with us.  We cannot get through to the IRS because when we enter our tax information, it says that they cannot locate our return.  

Please see:http://whnt.com/2016/05/15/alabamas-fear-of-identity-thieves-has-slowed-issuance-of-tax-returns-this...  


Hi. I am a Physical Therapist who wants to work as a part time home health PT. There is an agency who wants to hire me, yet in their agreement, I will be a sole proprietor. Someone told me, I need to declare or register a business name first. Is it true? If I accepted this, I will received w9 and w2. Is it complicated to do?For w9, how to declare my tax?  

You dont need to register a business name, but you have a business even without registering. The agency is treating you as an independent contractor, not as an employee. You will not get a W-2 from them. Its the same as having your own one-person business. You have to report the income as business income, and you will have to pay self-employment tax in addition to regular income tax.The agency asks you to fill out Form W-9 and give it to them to give them your tax ID number. They have to report what they pay you to the IRS, so they need your tax ID number. At the end of the year they will send you a Form 1099-MISC showing how much they paid you during the year. This is the same form that they send to the IRS. On Form W-9 you can give them your Social Security number, or you can get an Employer Identification Number (EIN) and use that so that you dont have to give out your Social Security number. You can get an EIN even if you dont have any employees, and dont have a registered business name. You can get it in your own personal name. You can get an EIN online at the following link on the IRS web site.https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n...Since you are a contractor, not an employee, the agency will not withhold any tax from what they pay you. You should make quarterly estimated tax payments so that you dont end up with a huge tax bill at the end of the year, plus a penalty for not having paid tax during the year.  


I e-filed my 2015 1040 return on 1/31/2016 (single no dependents)...it was accepted by the IRS on 2/2/2015. I checked my status on the IRS website FOR MONTHS with no update. I finally get a letter from the IRS in April generally stating theyre working on it and will contact my by 4/23/15 if theres more information needed....NO LETTER OR PHONE CALL received since then...STILL no update on IRS status website as well. I finally contact my local tax advocate office and someone FINALLY gets the ball rolling...turns out my Federal Tax Income withheld was incorrectly imputed by accident and that was holding up my return....Now, as Im doing my Amendment, instead of getting a refund, I now owe...(understandable) but it also says I owe the DIFFERENCE of the what the federal income tax withheld was? (i.e. Incorrect F.I.T.W = $5000 Correct F.I.T.W = $3000 difference $2000 owed PLUS the actual amount owed) Is this a penalty? I had no idea what was happening with my taxes until I finally reached out to someone....really frustrated and will be going to H&R Block soon...HELP!  

\n\nLook\nat the form 1040X and if you cant get it to work in the program then complete the form by hand from line 18 on...\n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\n\n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received (which should be a zero since the refund was never sent)\n\nThen\nyou will see your true refund on line 22.  


I have been checking since May 2 today the say my information dont match my records  

If it has been over 12 weeks since you mailed the return, you can contact the IRS to find out the status of return.  Otherwise the IRS will contact you by mail if they need any further information.  See the IRS FAQs for amended tax returns - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I need help fulfilling the IRS request. Can you please help me to do that?  

Form 8962 is not filled out directly. You must enter informationfrom your 1095-A to the equivalent TT form. The program willautomatically complete and calculate information for 8962.After the form and other required documents are mailed orfaxed, IRS will recalculate your tax return bottom line basedon this information.  


I am trying to determine if I should sell my home or keep renting it.  

I suggest you read Form 5405 instructions. IRS explanation is a little fuzzy.If you sell after three years no repayment of the credit; unsure about conversionto rental.  


All buildings in the complex are in major disrepair, requiring new roof, garage door replacements,  earthquake retrofit, new exterior staircases, regrading to slope water drainage away from the units, major structural issues in crawl spaces. The structural integrity of the building and stairs are compromised. It is all absolutely necessary repairs to prevent collapse and future dry rot, etc. Not sure if because they are replacing roofing on the buildings if the necessary repair is a capital improvement? When the roof is sagging 10 inches in places due to dry rot? Overall I am wondering if because I have a home office, then that percentage of the special assessment can be written off?  

There are a couple items on that list that might count as repairs if they were broken out and costed separately (like the garage doors).  But most of the rest is definitely capital improvements and if they dont break it down for you, then the whole thing needs to be treated as a capital improvement.  Quoting IRS: However, if you make repairs as part of an extensive re-\nmodeling or restoration of your home, the entire job is an\nimprovement.It also sounds from the description that these expenses would be indirect but not unrelated, since things like dry rot, earthquake, structure, relates the the entire space (residence and office).But improvements are not repairs, they cant be expensed immediately, but must be depreciated over 39 years.  The amount you pay now is added to the cost basis of the home, then the percentage of the cost that equals the percentage of home office is depreciated/deducted over 39 years.  Hopefully turbotax will do this for you.  You also should keep separate track of your homes additions to cost basis (improvements, etc) and all the depreciation you have taken (depreciation on the home office from the beginning plus the new depreciation on these improvements.)  You will need all that info when you eventually sell.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p587.pdf  


I've entered our Class 1 and 8 additions for the year, however the program is not showing any CCA being deducted. I expected a 50% deduction given the half-year rule.Thanks,Angie  

Youll need to review each of the fields in the summary, or in a printout before you file and see if you entered something wrong.Did you forget to enter IN withholding on your W-2??, misplace a decimal pt.Click once on the Tax Due $$ figure and a summary comes up.  Look for something out of whack and then go back to theFederal section (usually) and fix it.Also, sometimes not all deductions/credits are given on the State section until you go thru it to the end and answer any questions that might qualify you for additional state-specific deductions/credits.  


upgrade to use the option  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I have filed twice, and been rejected twice. Not sure why. I believe all of my information is good.  

This error can occur if somebody else filed a return using your (or your spouses) Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number.It can also happen when the Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number has been entered incorrectly.If you have used all the procedures as noted in the following TurboTax support FAQ, then you will have to print and mail your tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899933-e-file-rejection-r0000-902-01-your-taxpayer-identification...Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ to print a return for mailing when using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-online 


I am a returning customer. Only difference is I am self employed now so I had to enter extra info. Would that make the price go up to $20.00 for filing even though I still make under $20,000?  

You can deduct certain un-reimbursed employee expenses on your tax return under certain circumstances. Keep in mind:The person or company that pays the expenses usually is the one that gets to deduct them. So, if your employer pays for an expense, or reimburses you for one, then they get to take the deduction.If you pay for your own expenses and don�t get reimbursed, then you might be able to deduct them on your tax return.You can deduct expense that are �ordinary and necessary� to do your job. Some examples of deductible expenses include:�Travel (hotel, airfare, etc.) and transportation costs (cab fare, tolls, parking, etc.) other than for commuting to and from work.�Business entertainment and gifts, but these have certain limits.�Computers and cell phones if required for your job and for the convenience of your employer.�Home office expenses if your employer does not provide you a place to work.(See this link for more information: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN80351)If you open TurboTax and go to Federal Taxes > Deductions and Credits > Job-Related Expenses, you can go through the interview process to try to deduct these items. I hope this helps!  


Une erreur fait que mon pouse est considre member dun organisme communautaire ???? Comment faire corriger?  

Hi Flake1, assuming you already have the Business entered into TurboTax:1. Click the Business tab, then Continue2. Click Explore on My Own3. Next to Profit or Loss from Business, click Start/Update4. Next to your business, click Edit5. Next to General Business Information, click Start/Update6. Look for the line "Disposed of Business in Current Year" and click Edit7. Follow the interview.  


still cant file my taxes applied 20 times for the same return irs says its you so fix it plz  

When e-File doesnt work you must print and mail your tax return at the Post Office. 


I paid my state taxes online with this site and it has not come out of my checking account, why? State taxes were aproved and it promted me to pay from bank card , would not accept credit card  

Check the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nstate filing instruction sheet with the Turbotax logo. \n\nIf you owed tax, it will show the payment information and\nhow you decided to pay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489 


Why can't I purchase plus? The option I getting is Delux and above. I want to access my 2012 taxes.  

If your only choice to upgrade is Deluxe then you are already in the PLUS version.To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n  


How do I get this?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577 \n\n\n\n\n\n  


The T4 uploaded by my employer to CRA is not correct  

Its possible that someone else made a typo and used yours by mistake.  I just answered someone elses question where they realized they had used a transposed social security number for three years now.  The only thing to do is to mail your returns out, because they wont e-file.  If you receive a formal correspondence asking you to prove your social security number, you will respond with formal correspondence showing the required documentation.  


Je veux envoyer ma declaration manque seulement a resoudre ce probleme. Je ne trouve pas ou le nombres de jour est manquant.  

If you previously answer No to the "Were you enrolled in a HDHP and had a HSA plan as of December 1, 2011" question and filled out the "Lets Maximize Your Contribution Limit" then TurboTax is basing your maximum contribution on how you filled out that form. Try clicking back through, answering No to the "Were you enrolled" question and then setting the type of HDHP plan as appropriate for each month of the year and then click "calculate max contribution limit", then go back and re-answer the "Were you enrolled in a HDHP and had a HSA plan as of December 1, 2011" with a Yes and TurboTax will no longer say you have excess contributions.  


I want to know if I paid the tax due on an 2015 federal return email by debit or credit card.  

First the payment would have shown up on the bank or credit card statement if it has been paid.        **** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe  


My income is being doubled and I cant fix it nor can I delete anything. What kind of mess have you people created? Is this some kind of sick joke?  

Not unless you have a letter saying you performed essential services for an IRS qualified charity.  


I tried enter all zeroes, but Turbotax won't let me proceed. Any way around this?  

Yep ... wait til you get the SS#  to file the return .... or file without the child now and amend later.  


Second year in a row now that I submitted my bank info to send in the taxes I owed and instead of being done, received a letter that the transaction didnt go through. So I was late with my payment. Funny thing how in both years the same numbers worked fine with no problem when paying the IRS online after they contacted me(BOTH Fed & State). Just  paid my Fed failure to pay fee and interest fees of $183.47 Just wanted you to know that you [profanity removed] big time. Last time I use Turbo Tax and you can count on me spreading the news about how you ripped me off. Your product [profanity removed].  

The thing about your story is that turbotax only passes on your account information to the IRS, it doesnt actually process the withdrawal.  There are maybe 3 possibilities,1. you used the wrong numbers (despite your belief otherwise)2. you used the correct number but turbotax transmitted an incorrect number3. turbotax transmitted the correct number but your bank rejected it or the IRS debited the wrong number.You can check #1 by checking the PDF of your tax return or looking at the internal program worksheets if you have been using the desktop program.#2 should be impossible  your complete tax return is transmitted as an encrypted file and it should be impossible to change one number without affecting all the other numbers or invalidating the checksum.#3 is certainly possible, even if the bank later accepted your payment through EFTPS (the two payments systems may be different.)Another diagnostic test would be if you also owed state tax.  If your tax return shows the same account # for the federal and state payment, and the state payment went through ok, that basically proves that it is not turbotaxs fault but is a problem with the IRS or your bank rejecting the IRS draft.You are free to make a claim for the interest and penalties against the 100% accuracy guarantee, but you would have to get turbotax to agree that there was a programming error instead of your error or a bank problem.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050  


Finally gave up and had my taxes done by a tax preparer at a cost of $500.00. I would like a refund for the TurboTax Premier. $79.99 plus $6.08 taxes, for a total of $86.07.  

Did you try to get help with your software to get it running properly?  This is the first question I see for you in this forum, at least under that username.In any case, for anything account-specific, such as assistance with fees, billing, etc,  you will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I've been using the CD version of Turbo Tax since 2007.  I always save a copy on my laptop.  However, I didn't print a hard copy of 2014 and now I can't print the file that is on my laptop.  

If you have a *.tax2014 data file, that can only be opened and printed using 2014 desktop software.   Did you uninstall the 2014 software?     If you dont have the 2014 program installed, do you still have the 2014 CD?Search you computer to see if you also saved the 2014 return as a PDF file.  That can be opened in Adobe Reader or another PDF viewer.  


filling up my taxes, and my son (dependent) also has a w2, but i cant seem to find where to put that information. any help  

You don't enter his income on your return.  It only goes on his return if he is required to file.  Is that the only income he has?  If the W2 is under 6,300 he doesn't have to file except to get back any withholding taken out.  Be sure he checks the box on his return that says he can be claimed on someone else's return.Online is only good for 1 return so he needs to set up his own account.  You can use the same email address for 5 accounts.  


I lived in PA, a resident all year(2015) and worked in MD. Only earning wages in MD.  

Depends on what you selections you made in your tax return...and on what states are showing as withholding on your paper W-2 form.You may have mis-selected the state on the Personal Info page.____________________________________________________________1)  PA and MD are  what is known as Reciprocal tax states  What this means for you is that since you are a PA resident, MD does not tax your income made in MD. Only PA does.2)  In order for #1 to work right, your MD employer should either be withholding only PA taxes (boxes 15-to-17 on your paper W-2 form).....or, at minimum...not show any withheld any MD taxes in those same boxes.   Getting that set right usually requires you file certain forms with the employer to get the MD withholding stopped.3)   Since you didnt have issues in the past, I suspect that #2 is set right, but your problem with the software is that you made a mis-selection on  the Personal Info page of the software.  When #2 is properly set, on the softwares Personal Info page, you must NOT select MD as another state that you worked in.  Because of the reciprocal tax agreement between MD and PA, your work in MD is treated as-if it was all done only in PA...and you do not select MD as another state you worked in.4)  to fix #3, you go back to the Personal Info page of the software and take out MD as another state you worked in.......then you go to the state taxes section, and delete the MD tax forms.  and that should fix it.  You do need to make sure you go thru all of the questions in the PA taxes section again and take out any credit you claimed in  the PA forms for paying taxes to another state (you didnt really pay anything to MD....and the credit isnt allowed anyhow in this situation)_________________________________________________Now, if your paper W-2 forms do show MD withholding & wages in boxes 15-to-17...then you have a problem....you do have to file a MD nonresident tax return just to get your withholding back, and the problem with the PA form would be that you are attempting to take a credit for taxes paid to MD...and that is not allowed, since PA expects you to get all your mis-applied withholding back from MD on your own.______________________________________________________......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I am overseas and have no other means to pay for TurboTax fees except with the BoA credit card. You keep rejecting my payment. If you keep doing that I will not be happy and will never recommend TT to anybody else.You have to resolve this issue as it entails discriminating against bonafide residents abroad.  

This is a TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees  


I tried their chat line when I got the letter. Was told it's random who they do this to, not from known ID fraud or anything. Should have kept a copy of the letter I sent with their blanks filled but didn't. Today the CA website says "Your tax return requires additional processing time". Any official word on why they're holding up refunds? They owe me hundreds of $$!  

Sadly the state can process the tax returns any way they choose to, taking as long as they like and all you can do is wait for them to finish the process. Not sure if you will get any help but you can try to call a local taxpayer advocate :  https://www.irs.gov/advocate/local-taxpayer-advocate  


My divorce is in progress and I want to check if selecting 'married file separately' and standard deduction is enough to file taxes this year or I have to get any other info from my spouse.  

Married filing a joint return, believe it or not, is actually an option, not a requirement. You only need to provide your spouses name and SSN  in the appropriate spot. You can use the standard deduction if your spouse did as well. If he/she filed using itemized deductions, then you must also.  


I need to know lines 56-46  

Once you save a PDF of the return you can choose which pages to print using the options in the PDF reader.\nYou can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n \n  


Do I have to file state tax if I don't owe state tax nor getting state refund?  

In general terms, if you have a federal filing requirement, then you likely have a state one as well. However, check with your taxing authority, and give them specifics of what your income and deductions were, and they can tell you.  Your income would have been reported to the state, and without filing a return, they do not know if you owe taxes, are due a refund etc....  


I'm in the process of closing a home loan but I need to submit proof of deposit for my tax return. The deposit amount is less than the actual refund amount since there were filing fees and I purchased Audit Defense.  

Try these 2 ways first.  If that doesn't have it, report back, and I'll tell you a more complex method.Log in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll down to "Some things you can do."There should be a link for "view order details."Or try this:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp  


I am not sure what forms I have to fill out each year. As a 100% owner of an S-Corp, I know I need to file a Form 1120s and attach a schedule K1 to my personal 1040. But, since our household income is primarily my husbands I may only take a small draw from time to time from my S-Corp.  Because I am not paying myself a wage just yet what other forms do I have to file if any?  Do I only file a 940 and 941 if I start paying myself a wage?  

\n\nYou only file a 940/941 if you are paying wages, but you need to start paying wages.As\nIve seen stated elsewhere, the fastest way to get audited as an S-Corporation\nis to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return when other distributions\nare made. The IRS position is that an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable\ncompensation to an officer before non-wage distributions may be made. The\nreason is that they feel that a non-wage distribution when no wages are paid is\nan avoidance of social security taxes. From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable\nCompensation\n\nS\ncorporations must pay reasonable compensation to a shareholder-employee in\nreturn for services that the employee provides to the corporation before\nnon-wage distributions may be made to the shareholder-employee. The amount of\nreasonable compensation will never exceed the amount received by the\nshareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions\nand other payments by an S corporation to a corporate officer must be treated\nas wages to the extent the amounts are reasonable compensation for the service\nrendered to the corporation.\n\nSeveral\ncourt cases support the authority of the IRS to reclassify other forms of\npayments to a shareholder-employee as a wage expense and subject to employment\ntaxes.\n\nThe\npage cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d 1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one\njudicial finding on the IRSs authority to reclassify distributions to wages\nsubject to employment taxes. Factors to determine reasonable compensation are\ngiven in the ruling.\n\nThe\nAICPA has an interesting article on this topic here:  http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\n  


I used turbotax to file for 2014.  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html  


For example, the first place is rental in NJ and the second is rental in NY. The primary residence is the NJ residence because of spending more nights per week at that residence. What is the address that will be filed with federal and with state tax filings if the employment is located in NY. Thank you.  

I would file in NY thats where my job is and I would spend more time there .The only way I would add NJ if It was due to business because I wouldnt be spending costly time there. .. 


i chose to use deluxe by accident. i would like to change that to free if i can. even if it will end up deleting some information  

See this FAQ on how to switch to a lower edition (if you have not already paid or registered):FAQ:  Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495  


I download my Turbo tax and finish all the updates.But turbo tax always automatically exits shortly after I lauch it.DO I need to adjust my PC setting somewhere? I have used Turbo tax for morethan 10 years but this is the first time it happens to me.  

Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


Need to file 2014 taxes on phone app  

That can not be done. You can not efile a 2014 tax return with Turbotax. If you want to use TurboTax for 2014 you will need to purchase the Desktop Version which runs only on your personal computer. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return.  


I did not file my taxes before the April 18th deadline. Partly because of confusion about my company's tax support now that I am an expatriate employee living in the UK as of January. I opened the 'Easy Extension' program in TurboTax. I answered no to the question of whether I was actively serving in the military outside the US on April 18th. However, the program assumes that means I was living in the US on that date and doesn't offer additional options.Is this correct and only if in military service is one eligible for an extension for living outside the US? Or is there something wrong with the app?Many thanks  

\n\nIf\nyou are overseas and past April 18, you cannot e-file an extension.  You\nneed to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay\nparticular attention to block 8.\n\n 


need to print my return and feel frustrated that the system is asking me again to pay  

ADDENDUM:See SteamTrains comment below this answer first, since it may explain what you are experiencing.*********************************************************Have you already filed and are printing for your records?  If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to normally download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


I filed my and my Spouses 2014 tax return but never received a confirmation number. I thought they both went through and I paid for the returns. I found an e-mail from May 14, 2015 stating that if I submitted my taxes successfully to disregard the notice. As far as I could tell they went through fine. But now I am not so sure as I didnt receive an assessment and no invoice to pay what I owed. When I look back at my history it says my 2014 filing was removed???? I need to file 2015 today and wondered if I have to redo 2014 or if it can be brought up again and resubmitted. I really dont want to have to pay again for the returns I already sent last year. Please advise.....thanks  

What is a "non-planned operation on a vehicle."  


I need to file for 2013 and then 2014 before I can file for 2015; how do I do that on Turbotax?  I assumes I want to do 2015.  

You cannot prepare returns for 2013 and 2014 tax years online with TurboTax.  Online TurboTax is currently only for 2015 returns.You can purchase 2013 and 2014 TurboTax desktop software as a download at the link below and install it on your computer.  Or you may be able to find it for a discount at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/When you prepare the returns in order, you can transfer the data from each year into the next years return, saving you some time.The 2013 and 2014 returns cannot be efiled.  They have to be printed and mailed.  Be sure to mail each return in a separate envelope.  Do not mail them in the same envelope.   Its also good to mail with some kind of tracking, such as certified return receipt. 


I start my MD Taxes, and the first question is Allocate Federal to Alice What does ir mean? How do I know how much do I have to write as my answer?  

Thats for the Maryland Two-Income Married Couple Subtraction. You can get up to a $1,200 deduction based on each persons allocated income amount.For each federal income amount shown you should enter your Spouses allocable portion of it, if any. For instance if it is interest income and you both own the account(s) jointly then your Spouses portion is half of it. Otherwise there is no magic formula - you just have to figure it out.Note that if one of you ends up having $0 (zero) income allocated then the deduction is $0.  


amount in new letter is same as tax return why more ?  

If you have an installment agreement with the IRS in place for a specific year(s) and the year involved is included, but the amount was adjusted, you are probably OK. However, it would be wise to invest the time to call the number on the letter to confirm that. If the $600 created a new liability, then you definitely need to call them to re-establish the payment plan. Any new liabilities would automatically default the agreement and out your case out for collection.  


sold stock short term.  

You do not enter tax data for 2016 when using the TurboTax 2015 programs.  The tax year 2016 TurboTax online editions will be available sometime in December of 2016.  The 2016 desktop editions are usually available in mid-November.If you want to create estimated tax forms 1040-ES for 2016 and mail the forms to the IRS with your estimated tax payment, you can use the TurboTax program to create the forms.  Or you can get the Form 1040-ES from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfOr you can use the other options for tax payments shown on the IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/paymentsUsing TurboTax for 2016 estimated tax forms -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\nOn Form W-4 and estimated taxes, click the start or update button\n  


I want to know the tax filing timings for my business. Moreover, i formed my LLC with the help of an Banker who also opened my business account and i am not really sure wheather i have a sole proprietorship or I registered as an single member, I am not sure?  They had  issued me an EIN number and I think they only issue EIN number if someone registered as a Single Member LLC. I want your comments on this?  

If you did not make an election on your SS-4, you become what is called a disregarded entity. These are always single member entities, and work in a similar fashion to sole proprietorships but with a corporate like protection. Make your estimated payments quarterly as you (presumably) have been, and you should be fine.  


my income is the lower income but turbo tax will only put the uccb in my wife's income  

Yes, if the house was your primary residence when you made the improvement, you can claim the credit.  


Accidentally hit accept without reading all terms. Can I get a link to what the terms said?  

If you are looking at a summary screen or review screen those show the full amount as income and lump a lot of stuff together. You need to check the actual 1040 form line 20b, 15b or 16b and make sure its right.Othewise check your answers to the followup questions under Retirement.  Did you roll it over to a traditional IRA or a ROTH IRA?  If you rolled it over to a ROTH then it is fully taxable.  


i would like to pay for the upgrade via credit card and not have it deducted from my return.  

If you have\nNOT yet filed the 2015 online return and are working from within the 2015\nonline return - \n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  (Note - if\nthe Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus\nedition) \n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on\nthe  Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your\ncredit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\nIf you have filed the 2015 online return - \n\nWhen you sign onto\nyour online account and are on the Welcome Home screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on\nyour 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a\nstate).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you\nfiled.\n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, click on My\nAccount at the top of the\nonline program screen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


How do I contact turbo tax and speak to a rep. I divorced and moved. Cant find 2014 returns. Don't have previous account info.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


Im not 100% sure if all my meals, miles, and expenses are deductible or just some are deductible. My wife will also be with me doing job hunting. The main focus of the trip is for job/home hunting for our future move. About 75%-80% will be job hunting related.  

If you travel to look for a new job in your present occupation, you may be able to deduct travel expenses to and from the area to which you travelled. You can only deduct the travel expenses if the trip is primarily to look for a new job. The amount of time you spend on personal activity unrelated to your job search compared to the amount of time you spend looking for work is important in determining whether the trip is primarily personal or is primarily to look for a new job.Your wifes expenses are not deductible.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdf 


Nothing in box 48 that you suggested I look at. I am NOT self employed and said NO to the question asking if self employed. Yet you say I cannot netfile because of invalid industry code related to self employment. I have been over this return at least 8 times. What should I do? The whole purpose of using turbo tax is to be able to netfile.  

You may have entered other income and if you go back and look on form t2125 there would be an amount on that sheet that is why it is not letting you file and asking you for the industry code. What slips did you enter and was there any other income that you claimed? It does not necessarily mean you are self employed or small business.  


Just to make sure..I just pay capital gains and not income tax on that sale, right?  

You dont need to do anything until you file your 2016 tax return in early 2017. Yes, you just pay capital gains tax. But, capital gains tax is part of your income tax. Long term capital gains are just taxed at a lower rate than ordinary income. For many people that rate is 0% (people who didnt owe any taxes probably qualify for 0%)That said, not owing any taxes last year doesnt exempt you from advance payments. But having a zero tax liability (line 56 of form 1040 or line 39 of form 1040A) in 2015 does. 


I even had to re-file which was accepted and that was over 8 weeks ago. When I go to "where's my refund" it says it has been accepted and is being processed but I can't get ahold of anyone for information on how to obtain my refund.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


Hoping what I am trying to say makes sense.  I am trying to show him that we will lose approx $30k in early withdrawl fees and taxes we will have to pay on it.  

A lump-sum distribution from an inherited qualified retirement plan (other than a Roth account) will be immediately subject to federal & state income tax (which may even move the recipient into a higher tax bracket).  The distribution will be subject to a mandatory 20% federal withholding.  The 10% early withdrawal penalty will not apply.Many people choose to avoid the one-year tax hit by spreading out the payments for as long as possible; for example, by transferring the funds to an inherited IRA (which should always be done via a trustee-to-trustee transfer).  It would be wise for your husband to talk to a financial or legal expert before making his decision, because each persons situation is different.  


I did my 2014 Taxes through Turbo Tax but can't access them.  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Je ne trouve pas mon rapport dimpot 2015. Jai ete dans Impot Rapide et ouvert et aucun icone nest apparu. Que dois je faire??  

To remove a Form SD 100 (OH school district return):* Select the State Taxes tab and click Ohio.* Select the Tools menu (or the Tools button in TurboTax Online), click Topic List, and click School District Income Tax.* Check the School District Income Tax box (if it is not already checked), and click Continue.* At the screen "School District Tax Summary, click the Edit button for the school district return to be excluded, and continue to the screen "Exclude or Activate Form SD 100..", and  check the "Exclude this copy of Form SD 100" box. [Alternatively, dont mark the exclude box and continue through the screens to make edits.]Thanks for your patience.  


I have a net Capital gain for 2015, but I have accumulated Capital loss carry forward from the past years.   I am trying to include this amount of carry forward on Line 253 with TURBOTAX, but can't.   Please, How do I deal with this  

Somewhere along the line you upgraded to Deluxe.   You can view your current charges inside the TT program.  In the right upper corner see the TOOLS icon.  Click it and in the drop-down menu, select View My TurboTax Fees.If you want to talk to Customer Service, here is how:You can use phone or Live Chat with Customer Support, which is open from 5AM-9PM Pacfic time.There is a bit of a "trick" to getting the Phone or Live Chat interface to pop up, so follow the steps below exactly. The website below will tell you how long the wait is.Before clicking on the support link given below, read all the instructions in the paragraph below. You need to follow all these steps:1.) When you first arrive at the page, you wont see the interface boxes for CALL US or LIVE CHAT, so dont give up. Heres how to make them appear:2.) You MUST click a topic button AND a subtopic. In your case I would click BUYING/BILLING/ACCOUNT and then click CHARGES. Thats just to expand the page, so the contact boxes will appear.3.) Now if you scroll down the page about 2/3 way, you will now see that the LIVE CHAT and CALL US interface boxes have suddenly appeared, and it should also show the approximate wait times for each.https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jspGood luck!  


I own my own business and took dividends instead of salary - Actual amount of $35,000.   I understood that it would only be taxed at 50% of my tax rate but it just seems to have been added to my income?  

No it does not.  When you click on Amend my Return the refund shown automatically goes to 0 as you are starting the amend process.  Nothing is sent to the IRS when you start to amend your return in the program.An amended return can only be mailed to the IRS.  The finalized version of the amended return, Form 1040X, will be available on 2/9/2012.  


I currently reside in Maryland and own a home in Washington state.  I am selling the home in Washington but will be moving to Ireland before the closing date of the home sale.  Am I responsible for reporting any of the capital gains to Maryland?  

According to item 2 in this reference, Maryland will consider you a resident for tax purposes until the day before you establish residence in another state (or country, I assume).  http://taxes.marylandtaxes.com/Individual_Taxes/Individual_Tax_Types/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/D...Income you receive from a non-Maryland source after you are no longer an MD resident is not taxable by MD.So it appears the key date will be the date you establish residence in Ireland.  Unfortunately Im not sure how MD defines what it means to establish residence.  


I am self-employed and  for the 1st time Turbo Tax is calculating CPP deduction and CPP repayment on my income. How can I elect not to pay CPP?  

She is not required to file a federal return, but as she had more than $34 in PA taxable  income (thats right, $34), she is required to file a PA and local tax returns, even if she doesnt have a balance due.  BTW,  a 1099B is for capital gains & losses, not interest income.  If the #376.26 is interest income, shell owe an additional $11-$12 to PA.  


everything you respond to is IRS not state.  

You could explain what they are asking about and someone here may be able to help or ....If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I had an investment loss of X0,000.00 can I claim anything on my taxes. Alberta Securities is investigating the fraud and I am waiting. I paid off the loan I had so that I wasnt paying interest expense, as money I did have invested was not paying the same amount of interest as the loan for the borrowed money was costing me.  

Lostsuzy, unfortunately you can only pay by Refund Transfer if you are efiling your federal return. If you initially chose to pay by Refund Transfer and your efile was rejected your TurboTax fees were not processed, so no you will not be charged twice. Best of luck Suzy, I hope this solves your question.  


OK, in 2015 I employed a Nanny for the first time. I got a Employer Id Number and filed the 940 and 941 forms. I also sent in checks for the amounts that were computed on those forms. As I understand it, I basically filed business taxes by doing this. In reality, I do not have a business, just 1 household employee.My mistake was that I also entered my Nannys income on my personal taxes (Schedule H was the generated) and filled out the estimated payments section for the money that was sent in for the 940/941 forms.I then received a bill from the IRS saying that I owed them for the amount that I claimed in the estimated payments section.In talking to the IRS, they basically said that I made a DOUBLE entry and have to fill out a 1040X to remedy this. Within Tubo Tax, HOW do I do this? Is it as simple as going into the File an Amended Return option and basically removing ALL entries concerning my Nanny on my personal taxes (since its accounted for on my business taxes)?The easy way out is that Ive already got a CPA in mind that can fix this problem for me, but it is $$$! Thanks for any help/responses.  

\n\n Is it as simple as going into the File an Amended Return option and basically removing ALL entries concerning my Nanny on my personal taxes (since its accounted for on my business taxes)?\n\n Yes ... it is just that simple.  Amend and remove the Sch H entries.  


Turbotax made an error on my return. And called me to advise that I need to submit an amended Vermont tax return  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the Vermont tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions  


Amount is ~6k, we also have a small amount (~700) considered a "parish gift".  

If hes clergy, then any compensation or cash/money/checks/gift cards received from the church/parish is considered income earned from working.  However, if the church is making pension contributions direct to a church pension fund or 403(b), that should not be reported as taxable.  If the church is giving the pastor extra income for the pastors own retirement (IRA), then it would be taxable income from the church but could be deducted by the pastor if actually contributed to an IRA.Money paid for insurance might or might not be taxable, more details are required.If the pastor receives a W-2 as an employee then he should not also receive a 1099-MISC, he should only receive a W-2.  You could deal with it as is or have the church fix it by rescinding the 1099-MISC and correcting the W-2.This is an excellent resource for clergy tax returns. http://www.ecfa.org/PDF/2015-Preparing-Tax-Returns-For-Clergy.pdf*If the church says to the congregation, lets all give the pastor some thank-you gifts and the gifts are all direct from the individual givers to the pastor, that is not taxable income.  Also, not deductible charity contributions by the giver.  If the money/gifts are run through the church account, then it is income.  


where do I get proof I paid my 2014 school tax?  

Even though you had School district (SD) income tax withholding shown in box 19 of your W-2 (and probably SD# 3604 in box 20), you are still required to file a SD tax return (form SD 100) if you live in an SD with an income tax (3604 is one). The amount of withholding may or may not have been enough. You need to prepare an SD return. You may even get a refund.TurboTax (TT) can prepare an Ohio SD return, but the preparation is not automatic. You have to initiate it. At the screen, in the Ohio program,\ntitled\n\n A\nfew things before we wrap up your state taxes\n\n     \nscroll down to School\n District taxes. or later at\n\nYour\n2014 Ohio Taxes are ready for us to check\n\n    -Click Other situations\n\n    -Scroll down to School District taxes. \n\nInstead, you may want to try filing a manual return. Get the SD 100 at http://www.tax.ohio.gov/Forms.aspx. Hillsboro CSD 3604 tax rate is 1% (.0100).\nOr try filing at the state site (The Ohio state dept. of taxation administers the SD tax)  http://www.tax.ohio.gov/ohio_individual/individual/filefaster.aspx\n\n  


I have filed extensions for 2014 and 2015 taxes due to my time deployed overseas.   I redeployed two days ago, and need to show my last tax return to buy a new house.   I haven't even had time to reactivate a phone since my arrival  

If you have\nnot yet filed the 2015 online return and are working from within the 2015\nonline return - \n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  (Note - if\nthe Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus\nedition) \n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on\nthe  Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your\ncredit card information so you can pay for the account.If\nyou used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only\ncopy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the\nreturn was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed\nusing the desktop editions.\n\nYou\ncan also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptYou can ask customer support if you like but I doubt they have the power to help. Use\nthe following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.\n Submit your question/problem during business hours and\nthen use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to\nspeak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  


What does this mean?  My return is pretty simple and straight forward.  All I did was say I contributed 400 dollars.  Im not sure why I get this error.  When I click fix, it doesn't give me any more additional information.  

If his GI bill payments are taxable, then you couldnt claim him if his total income exceeded $3700.  If theyre not taxable, you can most likely claim him.  Enter him under dependents and answer the questions to see if he qualifies.  If hes over 23, it doesnt matter whether hes a student or not.  


Hello.My spouse did not have any income in USA yet. She is a resident for tax purposes. She wants to get an ITIN but to do that she needs to file a tax reurn, she has a W7 filled out and a certified passport copy. How to file the tax return do I just need to fill out 1040EZ form with $0s? Can she just pay any amount of money or she does not have to pay anything and still get the ITIN? What year should she file 2015 or 2016?  

She cannot file a zero return to get the ITIN.  You can get the ITIN when you file a joint tax return ...        To get an ITIN, what you\nwill do is complete the return, and print it out. To print without a SSN where\nhers would go, when you get the message that says There are errors\nin your return. Continue? If you click Yes it will print. If that does not work\nyou may have to enter a made-up SSN and then white out or cross it out once you\nprint it. You will NOT e-file your return, you will select that you are mailing\nit.\n\nYou will also print out a\nform W-7 and gather any of the required documentation, put that together with\nyour return, and mail it to the specified address. The IRS will then process\nyour return and issue your wife an ITIN. \n\nHere is more information on\nthe ITIN and the process: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/General-ITIN-Information  


I did not file 2013 w2. can I still use turbo tax to file 2013 W2 for a refund ?  

Did you file a 2013 at all?  If you filed 2013 you will need to amend it to add another W2.How to amend 2013https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1971653-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2013-return-in-turbotaxIf you didn't file a 2013 return, yes you can still file it.  You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp  


CNIL screen is blank: Why doesnt turbotax sum up all the income and expenses for me  from all the entries Ive already entered in turbotax?  

No processing fee if you file by mail. I just takes longer for the IRS to process your return. I hope this helps!  


My computer crashed and I need a copy of my 2014 returns through Turbo Tax. Can I get a copy from you?  

Yes if you used the Online version,  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you used the Desktop CD/Download Software then the only copy was on your computer unless you saved a backup.  You would need to have a pdf file of it or the .tax2014 file. 


I do have a picture of what the form should look like if it helps any  

On your other posts, you said Oklahoma is the state.  The state tax return is a 511 form not a 1040.You have the federal return.  You have a 1040EZ.  There are 3 kinds of Federal 10401040 and 1040A and 1040EZ.  You only need one of them.  


How I print prior taxes ?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


When I press simply enter your email address here (to see list of User Ids) it does not go to anywhere that I can enter my email address, it goes to the same screen I was already on.  Following any of your instructions does not lead me to my 2015 taxes that I have completed and paid for and would now like to print.  Please advise.  

To use the account recovery website you must close all TurboTax windows, including this one, so that you are not signed onto any Intuit/TurboTax/Quicken/Mint accounts.You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


would like assistance completing my w4 correctly. Info below:- Head of Household,  dependent,  job, also pay for daycare.Any assistance would be greatly appreciated, thank you.  

Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


I need to contact State of Colorado for a lost refund check but when you call it says to file question through the website but I can't find the link to ask them to send me a new check.  

https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax/site-search?search_term=lost+refund+checkLost or Never Received My Paper Refund Check is...\nMissing: Did you use the correct mailing address when you filed the return? Check the status of your refund and your address by visiting Revenue Online.\nLost: You can request that the original refund be voided and a new refund be issued. Follow the Reissue Process below.\nDestroyed: You can request that the original refund be voided and a new refund be issued. Follow the Reissue Process below. My Direct Deposit Refund...\nHas not been sent to my bank: Check the status of your refund by visiting Revenue Online.\nHas been issued but is not in my account: Double-check your tax return and verify the 9-digit routing number and your account number on the return. Contact your bank or financial institution to determine if your refund was deposited.\nHad wrong or incorrect account numbers: We will automatically create a paper refund if your direct deposit information could not be processed. Reissue Process for Missing, Lost or Destroyed RefundsYou can start the refund check reissue process by signing a refund reissue letter. Request the letter through 303-238-SERV (7378)Colorado Department of RevenueIncome Tax SectionPO Box 17087Denver, CO 80217-0087\n  


Where can I include training courses taken as a physician?  TurboTax has included a T2125 for me based on self-employed income.  I am confused about whether these courses would be eligible, or be considered capital expenditures and where I would enter them depending on which category they fall into...?Thanks  

No. Enter your ad valorem taxes for your vehicle next to "registration fees". Enter your other personal property taxes (non real estate property) next to "personal property taxes".  


I need to know how to change it back to the 1040A with out doing it all over.  

If you havent filed or paid for Deluxe you can try to go back to Free Edition but you will have to start overhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495  


I have 2 T4's and also a small side business (I have a Business # and a GST #).  I have generated income and expenses against the business.  Can I file one person return for all income, and file GST separately?  

The easiest way to determine whether or not an school is an eligible higher learning education would be whether or not it is eligible to participate in Department of Education loans (i.e. federal student loans).  Heres an IRS definition:"An eligible educational institution is any college, university, vocational school, or other postsecondary educational institution eligible to participate in a student aid program administered by the U.S. Department of Education. It includes virtually all accredited public, nonprofit, and proprietary (privately owned profit-making) postsecondary institutions. The educational institution should be able to tell you if it is an eligible educational institution. "Certain educational institutions located outside the United States also participate in the U.S. Department of Educations Federal Student Aid (FSA) programs."See: http://www.irs.gov/faqs/faq/0,,id=199785,00.html.  


I paid $3,360 in prior years' state taxes (through an installment plan) during 2015, but I did  not claim these as a deduction on my 2015 federal return; can I amend and claim these?  

No.  Federal income taxes owed and paid for a prior tax year are not reported or deductible on a federal tax return.Edit and add for state taxes paid -For the state taxes paid, you can deduct in the year paid, but not any interest or penalties.To enter state income taxes paid for prior years -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen, scroll down to Other Income Taxes Paid in 2015On Payments for 2013 or prior year state or local income taxes paid in 2015, click the start or update button  


on a computer  

If you started amending your federal return by accident and would like to cancel the amendment, carefully follow this process to correctly unamend your federal return:\nOpen your return in TurboTax Online.\nClick Review near the top of your screen and keep going until you reach the Youre Done! Print and Mail Your Returnsscreen.\nDelete Form 1040X from your return:\nFrom the My Account dropdown in the upper right corner, select Tools.\nIn the pop-up window, click Delete a form.\nOn the Review Form List screen, click Delete next to Form 1040X, and then click Delete Selected Form on the next screen.\nClick Continue.\n\n\nNear the top of your screen, click Federal Taxes (or Personal in Home & Business) > Other Tax Situations > scroll down to Other Tax Forms > then click Start or Update next to Amend a Return.\nClick Continue on the following screen (Well help you amend) and then answer No, I dont need to amend to the question Have you already filed this return? Click Continue.\nAnswer Yes when asked if you want to delete the Amended Wks and/or Form 1040X. Your return has now been properly unamended.\n  


Two different accounts one needs to be amended the other is a failed amendment.  

If you started amending your federal return by accident and would like to cancel the amendment, carefully follow this process to correctly unamend your federal return:\nOpen your return in TurboTax Online.\nClick Review near the top of your screen and keep going until you reach the Youre Done! Print and Mail Your Returnsscreen.\nDelete Form 1040X from your return:\nFrom the My Account dropdown in the upper right corner, select Tools.\nIn the pop-up window, click Delete a form.\nOn the Review Form List screen, click Delete next to Form 1040X, and then click Delete Selected Form on the next screen.\nClick Continue.\n\n\nNear the top of your screen, click Federal Taxes (or Personal in Home & Business) > Other Tax Situations > scroll down to Other Tax Forms > then click Start or Update next to Amend a Return.\nClick Continue on the following screen (Well help you amend) and then answer No, I dont need to amend to the question Have you already filed this return? Click Continue.\nAnswer Yes when asked if you want to delete the Amended Wks and/or Form 1040X. Your return has now been properly unamended.\n  


I know that while amending it said that amendments have to be mailed. Do I need to print out my amended file and send it or will turbotax keep the change on file and add it to next years tax return?  

You must print it out and mail it yourself.Federal amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1 https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 


I logged onto Its Deductible today and all but one of my previously entered records are gone for all years. Only my most recent recorded 6/4/16 is present. I have recorded many previous records for all years. Where are they? Please restore them asap!  

Try a different internet browser.  


Please give me a phone number I can contact you at. Thank you  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I need to look at all copies of my 2013 documments  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Due to total and complete disability, I have been forgiven my student loan debt of about $40K; it will be reported as income on a 1099-C; what tax planning steps should I take now to avoid a big tax bill next year?  

Pay now, or pay later. Make an Estimated Tax payment now to avoid a big tax bill next year.  


It would accept any of my credit cards. I have checked with the bank and they are good to go  

The Making Work Pay Tax Credit expired in 2010, there is no credit for 2011.  


how do I get a copy of my IRS extension  

The IRS does not send any type of acceptance notification to you for the extension request.You can use this TurboTax website to check the status of an e-filed extension or tax return - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspSee this TurboTax support FAQ for printing the extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th...  


\n\nIf\nI upgrade my PCs operating system from Windows 7 to Windows 10, will I be able\nto access all my previous years TurboTax applications and files? \n\n  

Your tax returns are in files with the extension .tax2015, .tax2014, etc.  You should have backups in a safe place before upgrading.  It would also be a good idea to keep extra copies of your completed tax returns as PDFs using the print all forms and worksheets command.  (Macs can save as PDFs instead of printing.  I think windows can too but Im not sure.)I would not guarantee that your turbotax program files will survive the upgrade.  They should, but thats on Microsoft.Turbotax currently supports Turbotax 2012 and newer.  If you have the CD, you might be better off uninstalling then reinstalling from the CD.  If you bought a downloadable installer from Turbotax, you can download it again from your account.  Other vendors of downloads may or may not offer access.For 2011 and earlier, they are not supported by turbotax, so if you remove and reinstall, even if you have the CD, you wont get the updates that were issued during the tax season and you wont be able to download any state modules, so you will have to take your chance with the upgrade.  (Old versions may not run under Win10 for other reasons, anyway.)  


I did not have to enter all the expenses I have incurred to earn self employment income this year.  I did not get prompted by the system  

You would report any data on a Form 1099-C as it appears on the form.  Assuming you received a 1099-C that was dated for or during tax year 2010,  and the amount that appears is $3333.33, you would report that as income.  Cancelled debt or forgiven debt is considered income by tax authorities.  You may enter this data in Turbo Tax Deluxe by entering the search term 1099-C through the Tools tab, upper right of program.  Click through to Topics and Forms, enter 1099-C or Cancellation of Debt in that search window, will take you to a screen Tell Us About Your Cancelled Debt   "I received a 1099-C for the cancellation of debt on my main home (foreclosure or short sale). Though you do not specify foreclosure or short sale, should still apply.   Click on the "Explain This" tab to review as applicable to your circumstances.  You may qualify for exclusion of tax on this cancelled debt income.  Hope this helps. 


How can I call and speak with someone at TurboTax?  They only have a form to request a call that accepts US numbers.  

0% capital gains tax rate for 2015 taxes applies toSingle or married filing separately $37,450Married filing jointly$74,900Head of household$50,200  


He is 27 years old and enrolled in a PhD program.  He is being taxed both via a W-2 from the University of CA- San Diego and from the difference between the Tuition payment received and the Scholarships & Grants amount.  Why is this? I thought that stipends in PhD programs are not taxable?  

Yes, both the W-2 amount and the difference between box 5 and box 2 on the 1098-T are taxable income. Scholarships/stipends/grants uses for room and board and other living expenses are taxable income. Scholarships used for tuition, fees and books and other course materials are tax free.  


I need to access my previous tax returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have a loan which i used to purchase partnership shares in the company. In 2015 I payed $18,750,00 for interest on my loan for $625,000.00. I payed a principle amount of $125,000.00 with the total combined payout of $143,750.00  

The IRS will send a paper check if it cant deposit it for any reason.  The check will go to the name and address on the tax return.  It takes about a week longer.  


For some reason, I had Utah and Vermont (which downloaded on it's own last time I logged on) on my TT program.   They are useless to me.  I needed to just get my returns filed and didn't hve time to work through this as I'm going on vacation.  Please help.  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


Im not sure why this is showing up as RSP income or how to remove it.  

See this link for information about getting a refund http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Refund---Dissatisfied--60-day-money-back-/TurboTax-Satisfaction-Guarantee-and-Our-Product-Refund-Policy/GEN12231.html  


Have shares in a private LLC that went bankrupt in 2015.  The assets were seized by creditors.  There are no employees.  There will be no K-1.  If I enter the invested loss through the TT LLC process it shows the loss on 1040 line 14.  Last year any losses were shown on 1040 line 17.  How do i properly input the bankrupt LLC without a K-1?  

TGB is technically correct, however, in many cases there is either no one around the organization to prepare the return and / or there are no funds to pay a professional to complete the tax returns.As a member in an LLC you are required to maintain your basis in your LLC investment.  This begins with your initial capital contribution, adjusted annually for the applicable lines on the K-1 including any distributions.If you have not maintained this, then I would recommend that you pull together all your K-1s and prepare your basis. This is the only way you will know your true loss.Once you have your basis, then you can determine your loss.  If you have a positive figure, then this represents your loss in the venture; capital loss (assuming you did not make any additional capital contributions within the last 12 months which would make part of the loss short term).This loss would be reflected on Schedule D and the applicable form 8949.  I would just delete the K-1 from the system.If you ever do receive a K-1, then you can amend your return accordingly.  


I paid for the deluxe to access my old 1040 EZ but apparently i had two accounts do i have to pay another 54 dollars just to get the other one i need ?  

I dont think you need to pay again.  Ask support.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


I just learned of this form and would like to file it for both my Tax Year 2014 and 2015 returns. Is that possible or can I only do my Tax Year 2015 return?  

You can file a Form 8379 for each tax year.  Complete, print, sign/date and mail each tax year separately.IRS Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfIRS Form 8379 instructions - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdfUse this IRS website for the address on where to mail, click on your state - https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-paper-tax-returns-with-or-without-a-paymentUse the address for a 1040X Without a payment.  


Or should it be La. payroll taxes?  

That is correct. You have GA source income and will have to file a GA non-resident return. You will also have to report the GA income on your LA return too. But LA will give you a credit, or partial credit, for the tax you paid GA. This is pretty much the same in all states.  


In 2014 our tax credit was $6765.00. Our overall situation has not changed. Please advise. Tristan  

Go through the interview for Vehicle Registration Fees.  If your state is one that allows for a deduction of the fees and personal property tax, the program will enter it on your forms for you.If you had a major purchase in 2010, like a vehicle, and paid state sales tax on that purchase, you can deduct the sales tax paid on your Tax Year 2010 return.Go to Deductions and Credits. In the sections Estimates and Other Taxes Paid, on Sales Tax click the start or update button.The interview will take you to where your state is listed. Click edit on your state. The interview will take you to a section where you can enter your sales tax for Major Purchases.  


I would call this a big miss for something easy.Turbo Tax has, for many years, been smart enough to move all Charitable contributions to the higher income earner.  I just assumed it would do the same with Political donation credits, which are handled in the same category.Was lucky to notice, or else I wouldnt have got any tax credit for the ones in my wifes name, as she only worked a small amount last year and already wasnt paying any tax.Developers, please fix.  

Go back to your income interview. It should show EDIT or DELETE.  


I am attempting to file 2-month extension for citizens residing overseas. My address is overseas but TurboTax is tells me 'You lived in the U.S. on April 18, so the deadline to file an extension has passed' . I'm not certain how I'm able to get the extension in at this stage or at which stage I fooled the system into thinking that I'm inside the states. Can you recommend common errors that have been made?  

You did not make an error. TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement.  


I had a poor customer experience, after many years of using TurboTax with reasonable satisfaction.  Whats the best way to submit my comments?  

If this is not a RRSP or a RRIF and a retirement plan, than (I assume) the pension must be Canada Pension Plan, Quebec Pension Plan, or Old Age Security. If this is the case, the pension is taxed as US social security for US residents.You will need to report this on the same line that you would report US net social security benefits (box 5 of 1099-SSA). If you have a US 1099-SSA as well combine the box 5 net US social security with your Canadian equivalent social security.In TurboTax go to:Federal Taxes TABWages and Income SubTABClick Explore On My OwnFind the Section labeled Retirement and Social Security  


jai pay mon logiciel dimpt le 25 fvrier 2016. # commande est E482514214, # transaction est 034279, # marchand 91350017, le code de paiement anticip est 22080684917. Ce matin le 2 mai 2016, jai transmis par voie lectronique mon impt fdral et provincial. Je navais le numro de paiement anticip et jai d payer  nouveau le logiciel. SVP est-ce possible de me faire un remboursement ? ou bien est-ce possible davoir un crdit pour lanne prochaine. Lynn Grenon courriel: lynngrenon@hotmail.com   1321 avenue Jean-De Quen Qubec (Qc G1W 3H5) TLPHONE: 418-803-2229 merci  de me rpondre.  

The long-term capital gain must be from an investment in a qualified technology business located in Virginia. The investment must be made between April 1, 2010 and June 30, 2013 and the annual revenue of the business must be less than $3 million prior to the investment.  


For the interest occurred on the loans I borrowed to invest in non-investment , how can I claim it in Turbo free on-line version?  I didn't find the form to enter it .  

No. The tax credit, if any, would go to the holder of the cars title (the leasing company).  


When will I get my refund.  Can you give me the date and confirmation # of my confirmation.  

First -- verify that your returns have\nbeen filed and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites\nto see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\n\n  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\n\n\n  https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue  


the website gives a number to call if it has been over 12 weeks (which it has)  That number is an automated line that asks for my info then simply says still processing  

If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time.If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


How do I do that? I was told I can print them out from TurboTax website, sign them and take them to an office of the IRS.  

See\nthe following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier\nreturn completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce\nthe PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return\nwith any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou\nhave to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and\npassword you used to create the account.\n\nIf\nyou may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following\nTurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr\nyou may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf\nyou receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that\nyou need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523\n\nIf\nyou still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse\nthe following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.\n Submit your question/problem during business hours and\nthen use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to\nspeak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ \n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\nIf\nyou used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only\ncopy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the\nreturn was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed\nusing the desktop editions.\n\nYou\ncan also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I have been reviewing my return & it seems that I was able to make edits.  I am wondering if my returned was filed yesterday.  How do I verify?  

You could try to delete Form 5405 from your return (Home > We Can Help You > Delete a Form).  If you still get an efile error, you may have to mail your return.  


I currently make substantially more income than she does.  She has no U.S. income, and all of her bank accounts are in Canada.  

Despite the difference in your incomes, jointly is usually more advantageous.In order to do so, in the absence of a Social Security Number your spouse would have to acquire an ITIN (Individual Taxpayer Identification Number) to be used on your joint tax return.The ITIN should be acquired well in advance of the end of the tax year.What is needed is your spouse to file a Form W-7, the details of which and a link to the form are available on the IRS website at:   https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-w7  


Is there anyway to print it?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488  


Copy of 2011 2012  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Jai eu cette avertissement : Vos informations suggrent que vous avez reu une prestation ou une rmunration \nqui est imposable soit au niveau fdral ou provincial du Qubec, mais pas les \ndeux. Confirmez les montants sur le relev 1, soit les cases A, J, L et P. \nHabituellement, la case 14 du feuillet T4 correspond  la case A moins les cases \nJ, L et P du relev 1 .... est-ce quil y en a que votre casse 14 du T4 qual pas la case A du relev 1 moins les cases J et L ?  

Make sure that if it is a new pin number that you enter it in the box that is supplied under the selection "I forgot my pin number".  


How can I download the software without having to pay again?Thanks,Jeremy  

If you already paid for a 2014 return, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support, explain your situation about what happened, and ask them for the software download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


Why do i have to pay a penalty when I paid them for the shortage?  

Im not really understanding your issue, so I can only guess you got hit with underpayment penalties because you didnt make estimated tax payments, when you should have.The US and California income tax systems are both pay as you go systems.  Most people pay as they go by having income taxes withheld from their regular paychecks.  People who have significant amounts of income from which withholding generally doesnt apply, e.g., dividends, capital gains, independent contractor revenue, etc., need to make estimated tax payments instead on a more or less quarterly basis.  If you dont do that you can be assessed underpayment penalties in addition to the tax that you owe.If the US and California systems werent pay as you go we could all zero out our withholding, pay not estimated taxes, and simply writer a very big check come April 15th.Tom Young  


I pressed claim together by mistake and it seems as though my only option to start over is to purchase a new turbo tax -please help!! Ive gone thru the FAQ - clicked on Tools/Account Manager but it doesnt let me edit the claim I started only minutes ago.  Argh, I accidentally clicked the wrong thing on the first page and havent got anywhere.  There has to an option for this as its quite common for my mouse to be touchy.  

Only your state would know that. Check your states tax website.  


i want to know if are only to pages with the authorization code  or the full print of the forms and the two pages?  

Contact your employer for an explanation of the difference to determine which one is correct.  


I simply need to be able to print a hard copy of last year's tax return. How do I do it?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942  


I filed my taxes through turbotax and was told I would get $X amount of money. The IRS return has now been deposited into my bank but it is MUCH less than what was calculated through turbo tax.Nothing changed. Documents were all in line and inputted exactly.What changed? Please help...  

If the difference is more than any TT fees you chose to have withheld from the refund, youll be getting a letter from the IRS in about two weeks.  


Im a licensed mechanic looking to claim cost of eligible tools. Im located in Ontario (HST harmonized tax province). I actually have two questions. First is lets say I purchased $1000 in tools. Theres 3 boxes (GST) (HST) (Zero Rated & Exempt). Would I only enter the $1000 in the HST box?Second Question is, I also purchased some tools from the USA for my related field (either I couldnt source them here or the cost was much higher) and lets say I spent $500 but I did not pay tax as they were purchased outside of Canada. Would I claim these under zero rated & exempt as I did not pay tax on them or not claim them at all?  

looks like you probably put a period after 304. go back and check how you entered the 1099R.  


i would appreciate a phone call asap [phone number removed]  

First, verify that your tax return was e-filed and accepted or rejected by the IRS:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 


I am transfering my sons tuition fees to mine and my husbands return, but i can not find lines in hois condensed 2015 return.  

Duplicate question. See https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/c4Ri-QIVWr4zLJeJfaab2kPlease post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It might take a while for someone to answer your question.  


I am a consultant for a home party product company - like Tupperware its called 31. I am using Turbo Tax, I have looked online for an industry code and used 414 but it comes back as invalid. Can you recommend which code I should use?  

Unfortunately the IRS has been experiencing delays with processing refunds, please read the following article for more details.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.htmlI hope this helps!  


you didn't send my taxes in and I want answers!  

You must do this yourself, by going all the way through the File tab to the Transmit button.  


my code says invalid  

Contact the social security administration to obtain a copy of your 1099-SSA. Please click the link below for more information.http://www.ssa.gov/pgm/services.htm  


I spent personal funds to provide services for my military job. I have purchased office supplies, provided meals for soldiers, provided the use of my personal phone and vehicle and mileage for the same purpose. I saved receipts. I intended to deduct these expenses, not claim it as income. Please help me delete the schedule C on both my 2014 and 2015 tax return. Can someone please call or email me at [personal info removed]  

You must be itemizing.report unreimbursed job related expenses on Form 2106, which will transfer to Schedule A.Go to the Forms List to find and delete Schedule C.  


Quand je tente denvoyer ma dclaration du Quebec (RQ Revenue Qubec) jobtiens un message derreur qui dit Vous ne pouvez pas transmettre la dclaration par Internet, car nos fichiers indiquent quelle concerne une personne dcde avant 2015. (T3A00020) mais je ne suis pas dcd, et je nai pas trouver dendroit dans ma dclaration qui dit que je suis dcd. Je suis veuve depuis 2012 et je nai jamais eu une erreur de ce type dans le pass avec votre programme. De plus, je nai rien indiqu  propos de mon mari dans cette dclaration. Pouvez-vous maider?  

Im not sure, but I would expect you can deduct 10% of your rent from your "taxable" income. Just go through the home office section, and one of the questions asked will be "do you own the home". Of course, youll answer no and go from there. Id expect it to then ask for rent you pay and so forth.  


My son is a full-time college student who lives at home.  I claim him as a dependent, and  I pay monthly child support to his mother to cover his room and board, as stipulated in the divorce settlement.  I have a 529 account with my son named as beneficiary.  Can I withdraw from the 529 to cover his child support expenses?  Since the money is applied to his room and board, is it considered a qualified expense?  

Yes, but not exactly. You may NOT count the amount you pay as child support. Room & Board are qualifying expenses for a tax exclusion on the earnings on a 529 plan withdrawal. For students living off campus, the allowable amount is actual cost or the amount charged by the school for on-campus students; whichever is less. For students living at home, the amount allowed is further limited to the amount the school allows for financial aid. See https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1681645-my-son-is-living-at-home-while-full-time-student-at-colleg...  


I was living in Columbus district and moved to Pickerington in October 2014 only.  

TurboTax (TT) can prepare an Ohio SD return, but the preparation is not automatic. You have to initiate it. You can print and mail, but no longer e-file. At the screen, in the Ohio program, titled A few things before we wrap up your state taxes      scroll down to School District taxes. or later atYour 2014 Ohio Taxes are ready for us to check    -Click Other situations    -Scroll down to School District taxes. Instead, you may want to try filing a manual return. Get the SD 100 at http://www.tax.ohio.gov/Forms.aspx.  


your system said I did not file with you however I have a confirmation e-mail from you that said I did. How can I find my 2014 tax return that I did with you?  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


so, are you saying that the specific law in question has only to do with the amount of tax on social security?  

Please see this for an explanation:https://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3831/must-i-pay-taxes-on-social-security-benefit...  


federal return is defaulting to KS and not allowing car registration fee deduction but I live and pay property taxes and reg. fees in MO all year long.  How do I get this deduction on my federal return? How do I remove the KS default on my federal return to be able to claim this deduction?  

1.  Are you sure your car registration fees are deductible?  See this: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Tax-Deductions-and-Credits/Is-Your-Car-Registration-D...2.  Even if your car registration fees are deductible in whole or in part, youll only get the deduction if you itemize deductions on Schedule A.  You wont get it if you take the Standard Deduction.  


im not sure how to do this ...  

Yes, you need to go back through the sale.  You would show 1/4 of the $75,000 as the basis and end up with a long term capital loss.  


Purchase of 7 shares long term 2.0146 sh and short term 4.958 sh.  Please help The payment for my tax return has already been processed by Turbo Tax.  

you must divide your proceeds  proportionally in the ratio of 2.01 to 4.96If you purchased the stock on or after 2011, the broker will do this for you (Boxes A and D), otherwise, you do it.  


It listed 5,500 as taxable income, but I did Roth IRA and listed that in turbox tax, I don't know what went wrong and how to correct it  

Roth IRA contributions are not deductible and do not have any effect on your tax owed. The notice that you received tells you exactly what the IRS changed. What, exactly, does it say?  


My amended taxes return was $931, the status of my amended taxes shows adjusted. But I didn't get any refund into my account or nor I got any money order/check. How will they refund my amount? The website shows this msg "Your account was adjusted on June 10, 2016. Within three weeks, you will receive a notice that explains the adjustment."  

A Federal refund on an amended return will be mailed to you by check.  


How can I revert back to a free filing? Turbo Tax's system is prompting me to pay for a service I didn't need.  

See if it will let you switch back using clear and start over using the info in this FAQ.  If you paid or already registered in Free Edition, it wont let you.   If that happens, we can tell you about another free TurboTax product you may be able to use, which is free for both Federal and State.FAQ:  Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax Online? https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495  


Jai achet Inpotrapide de luxe en ligne 2015 - deux dclarationsJai envoy une dclaration avec un code de paiement anticip.Je suis incapable denvoyer la 2e dclaration.Il y a toujours un message derreur Veuillez entrer un code de paiement anticip valide.  

If you are entitled to a refund, you need to file an amended return for 2009.  Use your desktop copy of TT 2009 to prepare an amended return, print it, and mail it in.  You can not efile an amended return.  You have until Apr 15, 2013 to file an amended return and claim a refund.  If you miss the three year window, you forfeit the refund.If you did not file a 2009 tax return in the first place and you think you may be entitled to a refund, then you still use TT 2009 to prepare your 2009 tax return.   If you have to pay a late filing fee,   it should be a nominal amount.  It is important to file the tax return (even if you werent required to file one in the first place) so you start the statute of limitations clock on the 2009 tax year.  If you never file a 2009 tax return, you could have audit exposure forever because there is no statute of limitations in effect to stop the clock for tax year 2009  


I am filing my taxes late.  How does turbo tax account for this?  It doesn't appear to be included in the tax calculation.  

If you are filing a tax return with a tax refund there is no penalty for filing after the due date of the return.If you are filing a tax return and have taxes owed, then after the IRS receives the return and the taxes owed have been paid, they will send you a bill in the mail for the late filing penalties, late payment penalties and interest on the taxes owed and unpaid.See this IRS website for information on penalties - https://www.irs.gov/uac/things-you-should-know-about-filing-late-and-paying-penalties  


Je me suis connecter sur le compte a mon conjoint et nous avons fait notre dclaration, (cest notre premire fois quon dclare en conjoint de fait) Jai tout soumis au gouvernement, et la quand je me connecte a mon compte il y a rien... tout nos details 2015 sont dans le compte a mon conjoint sur ImpotRapide.Y-a til un moyen de transferer la dclaration dans mon dossier dImpot Rapide ?Jaimerais bien y garder une copie dans mon dossier en ligne.Merci  

You are not required to deduct all of you mortgage interest , but we suggest you deduct all in which you are entitled.If you have the documentation for your interest payments, you need not be concerned with the IRS.  


Im a born US Citizen  

Only\nif you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8.  


I need my 2014 tax return, I paid to upgrade to PLUS for this reason, now I cant get it because of the PREVIEW ONLY watermark.  

If this is for a return\nfiled for the tax year 2014 or earlier, there is no easy way to create an\nupdated PDF because the online program is only for 2015.  You will\nneed to download a copy of Turbotax and your tax data file to your computer,\nand print the return from your computer.  Call customer support during\nbusiness hours for assistance. To contact customer support, use this link M\n- F 8AM-5PM Pacific. Type a keyword and you will get an appropriate phone\nnumber for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link\noutside of normal office hours.) https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  


I am living in Switzerland and receive a pension from my former Swiss company and a social security payment from the Swiss government I pay taxes on both of theses incomes to the Swiss.Both income therefore are foreign earned. If I report it under Social securite rather than foreign earned income, I seem to owe taxes again.  

They are not earned income ... they are passive income so you cannot use the earned income exclusion. Instead you will use the foreign tax credit or deduction to avoid the double taxation.       If you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability.  


I want to get all pages, not just the first 2, and that's all that I can get.  I need ALL pages.  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Where do I find a copy of my filed income tax return?  

If you were married any time during 2010, you are considered married the entire year.  Therefore, both you and your husband must have qualified for the homebuyer credit in order to receive it.  


(given various addresses to send the returns).. Why would I need to also mail the two returns if we NET FILED electronically? The instruction screens are ambiguous..  Please clarify.  Thanks  

You can claim a child for EIC if the child lived with you for more than  the year.  Since she lived with you for more then 1/2 the year you can claim the EIC, when entering their personal information on the Enter Dependent Information screen by Dependent Type select Nondependent  used for EIC/dependent care only.  


the system ask me to pay  

You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


They specifically site the Earned Tax  Credit.  

You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I need to file back taxes for some consulting work I did in Switzerland during the summer of 2014 for which I did not receive a W-2 form. At the time, I was not yet married. How can I do this?  

That question has too many different facets to give you a one-shot answer.  If you file a joint return he in effect elects to be taxed as a US Resident Alien.  Whether being taxed in two countries with offsetting exclusions and credits is better than you filing separately is something you need to work out both ways.  


What do I do  

Start by getting a copy of the 1095-A for yourself and discuss it with them.  See if it was incorrect and have them correct it.    https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/Then comply with the IRS notice even if there is no change to the return.  Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n  


recently turned 65 --- ODSP (T5007) --- Old Age ( ?)and Canada pension (T4A (P))Unable to access  

Your last name wouldnt happen to start with an "O" would it?  The first character in the IL license number is a letter, not a number.  Many people enter a zero rather than the letter "O" and that confuses the license routine.  Remember you can also use last years AGI or your nine-digit zip code rather than the license number.  


This is not done on my form from the broker and I am not clear on how to approach this.  Not sure why payment was already processed and my taxes may not be able to be filed through Turbo Tax?  Please let me know when I can contact someone to get this rectified.  

Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


The Revenu Qubec form is Balance Due TP-1026.0.1.P-V which is printed as part of my provincial return by TurboTax. I have already NetFiled but will be making the payment by cheque. The form shows the 2015 Taxation year, Balance due: $480.37 and Amount remitted: $821.68.  At the end of the form, there is a Remittance Slip which I will send with my payment. The amount indicated in the Amount remitted box shows $821.68. Why?  

You would file a joint non-resident UT return, and a joint resident AL return. The UT income and credit for taxes paid will show up on the AL return.  


Not sure what to put in here based on the wording. I know I can only claim 50% of meals related to the form, but having the word gross in there makes me wonder what I need to put. (if that calculation is being done for me)  

One possibility is that the real estate taxes (put on Schedule A) are reducing your taxable income and this in turn is reducing some or all of your refundable credits.  


I need a phone number to IRS where I can actually speak with a person  

You really should use the dedicated phone number for this purpose listed on the notice but you can try this instead ...If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time. 


I have just spoken with a Turbo Tax agent & received an activation code.  However, it doesn't work.  Can I please get help?  

please see your other question.  


I cant find my copies  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I made a ROTH IRA contribution in Jan 2016 for 2015. I later decided to change it for 2016 Tax year in February but broker didnt change and reported on Form 5498. Question #1 since I requested the change before filing would that have been correct? Question #2 since broker didnt change to Tax Year 2016, what are my options?  Thanks,  

You should not need to do anything as far as your tax return is concerned. The one exception would be if you claimed the Retirement Savers Contribution Credit on form 8880, based on that contribution. That is unlikely.You should try to get your broker to correct his records to prevent possible future problems (also unlikely).But, that said, why did you change it? Designating it for 2015 is usually the better advantage, as you can still make an additional 2016 contribution. 


Simply I cannot get into my docs as I have paid  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


when i enter my empoyer ein nothing comes up  

Not all employers are on the import partners list  or they may not have the import function operational at this time... so you will need to manually enter the form.TurboTax partners - https://www.partner.turbotax.com/top_partner_list.html 


I still filed my personal taxes, prior to the business taxes being filed. I have done this in the past with no issues, but my attorney asked me to seek confirmation that this would NOT trigger an audit, since the personal return has info from the business returns, but they are not yet filed?  

You need to ask the attorney what specifically he wants, as the IRS has no procedure to insure that something will not trigger an audit. This sounds like an attorney not experienced in tax law. (And, I would be reluctant to raise the issue with the IRS because they might wonder why you are appearing to want to avoid an audit.)  


I have claim my daughter the last three years can she still go back and file for the three years?  

No.The money you hear about people getting for just filing a\ntax return, claiming kids or not, requires the person to \nhave some earned income (wages or self employment). Without earned\nincome, she is not eligible for the refundable Earned Income\nCredit or Additional Child Tax Credit. There is a refundable education credit. But, if she is your dependent, you are allowed to claim that credit, if she was in college.  


Somehow my 2015 PDF contains my 2014 taxes. Not sure what gaffe I made there but I need to find a way to print out my 2015 state return again. When I launch the app it just wants me to start a new return.  Please advise.  

Open the 2015 TurboTax Mac application and then use the top Mac menu bar File -> Open Tax Return to locate your xxxx15.tax2015 tax file.     If you cannot locate the tax file see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901659-find-your-tax-data-file-in-macThen use File -> Print or File -> Save To PDF to print a copy. 


Do I really have to start all over from scratch?! Can I retrieve my 'free' version?  

It is not - see the notation "State Additional" for each Turbotax product at http://turbotax.intuit.com/  


I want to know if I filed my 2014 taxes right and if they are confirmed that 2014 taxes have been received  

Either one, they are the same.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under…..Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Income & ExpensesThen Profit or Loss from Business click Start or Update.You use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax. After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for 2010 Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment….http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html If you are using the Free Edition you will have  to upgrade to a higher paid version to fill out a Schedule C.  


tax program did not transfer info to line 352 on schedule 1  

If the educational expense is incurred to meet the minimal requirements for a trade or business or to qualify for a new job, trade or business, it is not deductibleDeductible education and training expenses include those that are required by your employer or the law to keep your salary, status, or job, or to maintain or improve skills required in your work  


Please help?  

Please go here for additional assistance:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


I have a nonresident who has a positive Federal AGI (They do have a Federal NOL), but I cannot get the NOL to calculate on page 2 of the 500-NOL.  They were not allowed to take any exemptions or deductions because their ratio was 0% (positive fed agi and negative GA income means they gets 0%).  Thus, because there are no GA adjustments, I cant get the NOL to calculate.  We just end up with the Federal AGI as the end amount.  Is there a line that I can subtract the out of state income from to get to the GA NOL?  

TT is not licensed for use by paid tax preparers.  Please go here:http://accountants.intuit.com/  


Has my return been accepted ?  

In the same area in Turbo Tax, in the "my home" section of deductions and credits.  


It was a $60 charge and it is very important that I get this money back.  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


want to talk to a live tax expert  

To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I have foreign property and stock income to report. This is part of FBAR declaration.  

To file an FBAR you must go to the US Treasurys  BSA E-Filing System website and complete the online FinCEN Report 114.See this IRS website for information on FBAR reporting - https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/report-of-foreign-bank-and-financial-a...  


Aprs avoir entrer mes informations de contact, lorsque j'appuie sur Continue, mes informations ne se sauvegarde pas, on me renvoie au Return manager (pourquoi en anglais alors que j'tais en franais ?) et quand je clique pour continu ma dclaration, je me fais dconnecter. Lorsque je me reconnecte, et que j'essaie de continu, je dois encore entr mes informations de contact et la boucle recommance encore!!!  

Yes.  


I paid for Deluxe and want to upgrade to Home & Business, but its asking for the full price. Can't I pay the difference. If it cost $104.99 can you subtract the the deluxe of $54.99 and pay the difference for $50.  

Yes it should only give you the difference in price.  Are you in the same account?  Better call in and check.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


We currently saw they following and were told that we needed to add "only intangible religious benefits":  We have: "Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code requirements for substantiation of charitable contributions, no goods or services were provided in return for the Tax Deductible contributions."  

It wouldnt hurt to add the only intangible benefit statement.There is a general issue with any non-profit organization that you cant take a tax deduction for material benefits you receive as part of membership, but things like access to meetings, discounts on products, and other benefits of membership are intangible and dont have to be accounted for. Heres the IRS guide https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p1828.pdfIf your denomination doesnt have a web site or treasurers office with additional guidance, you might look at the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (www.ecfa.org).  They have a lot of good resources and some denominations are denominational members so you may get a partial discount or free silver membership (I think, its been a while).  


I got a receipt that my tax return was accepted, but I owed money this year and I can't find a receipt that my payment was accepted.  

This what IRS indicated on its website:\n\nGeneral Procedural QuestionsQuestion: What should I do if Im concerned because my check for payment to the IRS has not been cashed yet?Answer:You should check first with your financial institution to verify that your check has not cleared your account before you contact the IRS.If it has been at least two weeks since you sent your payment to the IRS and your financial institution verifies that the check has not cleared your account, you can call the IRSs toll-free number at 800-829-1040 to ask if the payment has been credited to your account.If the payment has not been credited and your check has not cleared, you may choose to place a stop payment order on the original check and send another payment. In this case, the IRS does not charge a failure to pay penalty.\n\n  


Notice states that "Overpayment was calculated incorrectly."  Is this correct?  

This could also mean the state adjusted your income, which resulted in other changes. Did you forget to claim something, or make a data entry error?  Depending upon what they changed, you may need to amend your Federal return.  


How do I fill out my W-4P Tax Form for my pension deductions.  I have only one pension and married.  I need to know how to claim so I dont owe at the end of the year when I file my taxes.  

See instructions here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw4p.pdf 


with turbo tax  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I am legally blind but can use a computer.  I sent this question in 2 days ago but no answer.  I checked my Email.  I don't know where to look for the answer!  

When entering pension income in the Retirement Plans and Social Security section of the program, you are given four choices of forms that you can select (see screenshot) -\nForm 1099-R\nForm CSA-1099-R\nForm CSF-1099-R\nForm RRB-1099-R\nTo enter a form 1099-R\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Retirement Plans and Social Security\nOn IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R), click the start or update button\nNote - This is a TurboTax user to user forum so no one can call you.  If you need further assistance contact TurboTax support and speak directly with an agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Puis-je corriger ce message: un pourcentage  a t entr pour un associ dans Revenus et dpenses dentr. ou de profession ou Rev.Dep. de location, mais le NAS manque.   Le NAS est ok, et aucun pourcentage. nest entre  Associ?Puis-je contacter quelquun de vive voix pour rsoudre la situation, le logiciel mempche denvoyer ma dclarationVoici le message exact derreur:Un pourcentage a t entr pour un associ sur le formulaire Revenus et \ndpenses dentreprise ou de profession ou Revenus et dpenses de location dun \nbien immeuble, mais le numro dassurance sociale manque. Veuillez entrer cette \ninformation sur le formulaire connexe du Qubec pour rendre la dclaration \nadmissible  ImptNet Qubec.  

the ownership percentage is used for allocating expenses of  (and incomes from)  the property .  It is also used for allocating the  depreciation .  So I would think that you show disposition of the property .  When you exercise the  mineral rights and have income / expenses for that then you essentially show this as a new property with the same address.  


how do I get the return to open  

You need the 2013 desktop software. If you originally used a paid version of 2013 TT Online, please contact TT Support:Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number. Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.  


CONTRIBUTION 6000.00 TO A STANDARD RETAIL BROKERAGE ACCT, CAN I DEDUCT THE CONTRIBUTION  

Money that you put in a regular taxable brokerage account is not deductible. If the account is a traditional IRA or other tax-sheltered account you may be able to deduct part or all of the amount you contributed.  


efiled tax return using intuit turbo tax.  received a confirmation that tax return has been successfully efiled with CRA.   I noticed that the name in the confirmation does not match the tax return.  It has my husbands first name repeated twice.  He has not received his tax refund and it has been several weeks.  Do I need to refile?  

for the furnace you can enter it as a residential energy credit. though it is capped at 150  


Javais achet Impt Rapide De luxe  29.99 tlchargeable, mais jai formater mon disque dr.  

If you mean you changed the refund instructions from direct deposit to mailing a check, the check will be mailed to the address on your tax return. The refund instructions had to be completed prior to submitting your tax return.  


My wife and I are wondering if I should start taking Social Security while we are both still working,We were wondering if TurboTax can be used to formulate the best income stratagy for the coming year?  

For a start, please see:https://www.ssa.gov/planners/retire/whileworking.htmlhttps://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html 


I need a phone number to call turb tax  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Did Turbo Tax not provide estimated quarterly tax this year?In the past I received a form from turbo tax showing the amount to be paid for the next year.  I did not receive it this year and it has been extremely difficult to communicate with turbo tax on several errors they seem to have made.  

It is possible that you skipped that section or that they were not required ... You can do them now ...You can use the 2015 TurboTax\nto make an estimate of your 2016 taxes and to print quarterly tax vouchers, but\nyou cant file your quarterly taxes with TurboTax. You can either mail your\nvouchers or you can file (more easily) using the IRS electronic payments system\n(EFTPS). See the following: https://www.eftps.gov/eftps/\n\nTo find the 1040ES in\nTurboTax:\n\nForm\n1040-ES: Individual Estimated Tax Voucher is used to submit quarterly estimated taxes to\nthe IRS.  Form W-4: Employees Withholding Allowance Certificate is submitted to your employer to change\nthe amount of taxes withheld from each paycheck.\n\nThese two forms apply\nto the following tax year, so make sure to use the correct tax year version to\ngenerate these forms. \n\n1.    Open your tax return or sign in to your\nTurboTax Online account.\n\n2.    Click the Federal Taxes tab (Personal tab in the Home & Business\nversion) and then click Other Tax Situations right below it.\n\n3.    Near the bottom of your screen, to the right\nof Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click Start or Update.\n\n4.    Follow the on-screen steps.\n\nWhen you\ngo through your state return, look for the Estimated Taxes screen, which youll see towards the\nend of your state interview.\n\nTip: In the program,\nthere are four 1040-ES vouchers\nnumbered consecutively from 1 to 4 for payments due April 18, June 15, and\nSeptember 15 of 2015, and January 16 of 2017, respectively. You can print\nall the vouchers, or just individual ones.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I think my dad may have acedently claimed me but now I can't get my tax refund because of it  

You will need to paper file your return as it will be rejected if you E-file.  Your father will need to amend his return so that it shows that hes not claiming you as a dependent.  


My prior employer had educational assistance as a benefit which I utilized. They also had a policy that if an employee left within a certain amount of time after the reimbursement was processed, that the employer would be owed back the amount utilized.I initially paid for a class using post tax funds. Upon passing the class, I was reimbursed with essentially pre-tax funds. Upon leaving the employer extracted their payback from my final paycheck utilizing post-tax funds. Should they have been paid back on a pre-tax basis or did they process it correctly by extracting their payback from post-tax funds?Put differently, why did they pay me with pre-tax funds, but require pay back with fully taxed funds?  

They did it correctly ... even though you didnt get the money you did get a paid education. It only remained a tax free benefit if you completed the time restriction.  This would be the same as you paying for your own education out of pocket. 


I received a letter from IRS asking how I calculated the amount in Line 71 of my 1040.  The value calculated in TurboTax appears a bit higher than when I use IRSs Worksheet 3-1. Excess Social SecurityNonrailroad Employees.  

You should also look at the amounts in Box 12 of your W-2.  If you entered the wrong code for one or more, that could also cause an increase in line 71.  


\n\nI got my green card through marriage Oct 2014. I stayed for\none month and then went back to my home country and stayed for couple of month.\nI then came to the US in Dec 2015. My wife filed a tax return in Jan 2016 for\nthe whole year 2015 as Married Filing Jointly. In the 1040 they mentioned her\nas a taxpayer. For me, they wrote that I didnt have a job. When I apply for\ncitizenship would they ask me about 2014 tax return and does that mean I filed\nmy tax return for 2015 the way my wife did and how they are going to verify\nthat I Have not had a job with no W2 no 1099 abroad.  Do I need to apply again for the year 2015 or\ncorrect something? \n\n  

I strongly suggest you seek the help of a tax professional to check your returns.  


I am looking for the 20% discount YOU offered!!  

You cant. It is either all state and local income taxes or sales taxes from all states combined.  


I thought it was for unpaid taxes, but no one there had received any funds. thank you. The amount taken was close to $1,000. Please help.  

Several types of debt are possibly taken from a tax refund. Most common are child support and student loan in arrears. Also any state taxes or prior year federal taxes due.You should receive a letter from the IRS that tells you what adjustments were made or you can contact https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html to see what it was.  BFSs TOP call center at 800-304-3107 It might be a adjustment to something you incorrectly claimed on your return also but the IRS would explain that also.  


Irs took refund and i need to pay turbotax.  

Turbotax should send you an email when your account is past due that has a billing information in the email . https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3092696-if-my-refund-is-offset-how-do-turbo-tax-gets-paidOr you can contact Turbotax by phone during business hours Pacific time M-F the phone contact will be greyed out when closed. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 


COURT ORDERED Lump sum alimony payment, GEORGIA is this a Tax deduction for the Payer  

The state of Georgia uses the Federal Adjusted Gross Income from the federal tax return Form 1040 Line 37 for Georgia Form 500 Line 8.  Alimony paid is an adjustment to income on Federal Form 1040 Line 31a.See IRS Tax Topic 452 Alimony Paid - https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc452.htmlSee this TurboTax support FAQ on alimony - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3067598-can-i-deduct-alimony  


I did not claim my son on my 2014 taxes as he turned 18 on December 22, 2014.Would I have been able to claim him?Thank you  

For Oklahoma, your Texas State Employee Retirement Income would be considered "Other Retirement Income".  


I should be able to take a (passive income) foreign tax credit for the tax I paid in the Netherlands. But I can only do this if the income is re-sourced from the U.S. to the Netherlands.  How do I do this in TurboTax?  

Assuming that you are an US citizen/ resident with a  tax-home in Netherlands,  US will tax you on world income and give you credit for  any income taxes paid (to another country) on earnings  that are not excluded ( Foreign Earned Income exclusion). The situation you are referring is when the host country also taxes you on world income  that includes US sourced passive income.  ( most countries with tax treaty with the USA does not do this). I suggest that you consult with a local tax person familiar with the US resident tax regime.  I will look up the tax treaty ( have to refresh my memory on this ) --- you can also do the same --www.irs.gov and search for tax treaty  and then for Holland/Netherlands.  Give me a day to come back on this .  


Need it asap  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I amended form 8885 on my 2015 correctly, TurboTax 2014 may need updating to get the 8885 form...  

The Health Coverage Tax Credit expired at the end of 2013 so there was not a Form 8885 for tax year 2014.  The credit was reinstated retroactive to January 1, 2014.  The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114-27), enacted June 29, 2015, extended and modified the expired Health Coverage Tax Credit.You will need to file an amended return for tax year 2014 to claim the credit.See this IRS website for how to claim the HCTC for tax year 2014 - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/hctc-2014-form-1040x  


When I filed my taxes this year I realized I did not take the tax break for my home office in 2014.  I would like to re do them.  How can I do that???  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3289943-amend-2014-return  


I can't find an email from TurboTax for what I paid to use TurboTax.  I'm in the process of buying a house and the loan underwriter needs to know why my refund was around $1,500, but only $1,300 was deposited.  I'm guessing it was because I had the TurboTax fee taken out of the refund.  

There\nare several ways to see your 2015 TurboTax fees -\n\nIf\nyou paid the TurboTax fees by credit or debit card an email receipt was sent to\nthe email address that you have entered for your TurboTax account.\n\nIf\nyou have already paid the TurboTax account fees and/or are working within the 2015 tax return,\nclick on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Tools.\n Then click on My Fees\n\nIf\nyou have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign\nonto your online account click on Track your federal refund  On the Tax Timeline screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Get order details\n\nBefore\nyou file your return, there was a Review\nYour Order summary screen\nshowing the complete order prior to selecting your method of payment.\n\nGo\nto this website to check your orders and payments -https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I was asked to complete 8962a newly computed page of my taxes showing the transferred amount from form 8962  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the IRS notice you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...  


I am required by my home insurance agent to have proof of online filing and payment. I know I did this properly and I was wondering if you can send me a receipt of this ASAP.  I really need this please. Thank you so much! Best, Meredith Hanley  

You can use this TurboTax website to show proof of e-filing and acceptance - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspOr you can get a transcript of your federal return from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcriptFor payment of taxes owed, your proof of payment would be the canceled check, bank account statement or credit card statement, depending on how you chose to pay the taxes owed.  The IRS and/or state does not provide proof of payment. 


it says "your kentucky individual income tax return for the above period has been reviewed and adjusted." underneath it says "an adjustment has been made to the amount of health insurance claimed on schedule m. Now it says i owe $156.40. please can someone explain this to me!  

If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


so i waited until now to see this but my refund was supposed to send out on the 19th of last month at the latest so why is it still processing?!?  

TT refund dates are just estimates. Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay. ,  


How do I manually enter the carry forward amount of my business-use-of-home expenses? I do not want Turbo Tax to maximize them since I have child care costs that I can use to offset my net income. Turbo Tax is giving me a lower net income so I can't make use of all my child care costs... and they are not deferrable whereas BUOH expenses are.  

your refund could have increased because you had more than 20% withheld. code 1 is premature distribution and is subject to the 10% penalty unless you indicated an exception that eliminated that penalty.  


My husband recently left his job, and so we are having to revise my W4s as I am still employed. When completing the Personal Allowance Worksheet manually, the total number of allowances to claim came out to be 11, 10 if I chose 0 on line C. However, the withholding calculator on the IRS website suggested I claim 0, but to adjust the additional amount section on line 6. We are trying to get out as much as we can on each of my paycheck since I do not make much, 30k, and we have 3 dependents. We don't want to end up paying a lot come April, but we also can't afford to have so much taken out as well. Should I go with the recommended 0 allowance anyway with the recommended additional amount?  Thanks for the help.  

Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/  


What gives???  

When the refund was late the TT fee was deducted from your account and now that the refund has been released the processing fee was deducted.  This was what you agree to when you decided to use the Refund Processing Service. If the IRS is holding\nyour refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not\nenough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email,\nwhich includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the\nRefund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay\nyour fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2\nadditional Account\nDebit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your\nfees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well\ndebit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has\nbeen initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS\nreleases your refund after youve\npaid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we\nstill deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\nHow\ndo you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing\nfees?\n\nThis provision is\nspelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\n\nIn addition, by\nclicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and\nauthorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax\nFees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax\nfrom your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event\nthat you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\n\n 


i have completed the files together but want to separate them and not file them together please help  

Hi there,If you used SBTPG to pay your TurboTax fees then you should use the date given by the bank as the date to expect your refund. Heres the link to check the status of your refund. https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspxHope this helps you out.  


I need to submit my 2015 tax return for income verification purposes, so I downloaded it from TurboTax. However, the signature section is blank because it was signed and submitted digitally. Is this a problem that it appears unsigned?  

The transcript is a good idea ...Other option is giving them  the copy with the electronic postmark attached..... \n\nHeres how to print out\nproof of all the e-filing activity related to your return, including the\nElectronic Postmark:\n\nTurboTax Online \nSimply go through the steps to check\nyour e-file status online to retrieve your filing status\nhistory. You can then capture a screenshot or print it out. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2902040-where-do-i-print-off-a-proof-of-transmittance\n\n TurboTax CD/Download software\n\n1.    First,\nopen your return.\n\n2.    Then,\nfrom File menu\nin TurboTax, select Electronic\nFiling > Show Electronic Filing Status History (Windows)\nor Check\nE-Filing Status (Mac).\n\n3.    Click Print.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Im Wondering if the IRS accepted my return for 2015?  

What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say?  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite.  


total Income tax  shown in item-65 of form 1040 shows only amount which is sum of W2 tax withheld. How should we proceed from here. we filed taxes in april 2015  

For the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-B:Start the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview and tick the blue Edit button on the same line as the Fidelity name on the page Heres the investment sales info we have so far.  On the Heres what we got for these sales page tick the Edit button(s) for any Box A, Box B, etc. trades where taxes were withheld.  On the Review your Box (box letter) sales pages tick the box next to This sale involves an employee stock plan (including ESPP) or an uncommon situations for any trades where taxes were withheld, and click on the blue Start now button that shows up.  On the Tell us about your situation page select the radio button next to My 1099-B has info I know isnt right, or it has extra info I need to add.  On the What Other Info Do You Need to Enter page tick the box next to This Form 1099-B shows the Federal or State income Taxes were withheld from the proceeds of this sale.  That will bring up a page titled Tax Withheld on This SaleFor the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-INT:Start the Interest on 1099-INT interview and tick the blue Edit button on the same line as the Fidelity name.  On the page Lets get your 1099-INT or brokerage statement details page tick the box next to My form has info in more than just box 1 (this is uncommon).  That will bring up additional boxes that are shown on a 1099-INT, including Box 4 for Federal income tax withheld.  If state taxes were also withheld on the next page tick the box next to State income taxes were withheld on this interest (box 15-14 on the 1099-INT) and then click Continue.  For the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-DIV:Start the Dividends on 1099-DIV interview.  All the rest of the steps are almost exactly the same as those for the 1099-INT.Tom Young  


I can't seem to find form 1116 even after searching help. I don't see the "explore on my own" option. I'm using turbotax deluxe version  

Heres another way to navigate to the interview for Form 1116 - Foreign Tax Credit:\nLog in and open your return (if not already open.)\nOnce the return is open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose TOOLS.\nThen choose TOPIC SEARCH.\nEnter Form 1116 without quotes.\n\nChose the selection for Form 1116 in the list that appears, and click GO.  (or double-click the highlighted selection).\n\n  


I have finished 2015 tax return and printed. however, I need to make revision.is there any way that I revise my return...I have not filed yet  

Yes, as long as you have not yet actually filed (i.e., not yet efiled or actually mailed the return), you can make changes.TurboTax will think you are finished, however, so you have to open your return back up.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can make whatever changes you need to before filing.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes to an already-filed return, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.  


Hi, requesting a return of $39. 99 for the turbotax fee.  Ca state sent a 2015 ca noticed change that We owe $547 instead of a refund of $72. After researching Ive discovered the turbotax system did not correctly update the ca withholding. Please advice.Thank you,[Name/e-mail address deleted]  

1) Problem is most likely with CA FTB; They screwed up withholding for Thousands of taxpayers this year, and plan to send notification letters by Mon 13 June. You can wait for your follow-up letter, or2) Mail copies of your withholding documents (W-2, 1099) to FTB per existing letter, and3) Note that this is a PUBLIC Turbotax forum, NOT Turbotax support, so you should NOT post your name/e-mail address here, and 4) Use the TT contact link below if you still want individual attention from TurboTax ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-trying-to-contact-us-or-reach-the-turbotax-support-telephone-number  


I get this error for some resonshippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;  

See if this FAQ will help you:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 


Why am I being charged twice.  

Have you actually received your refund payment from the IRS, or is it still tied up there?If you already received your Federal refund, and the TurboTax fees had already been subtracted before you got it, then youll need to phone TurboTax Support on Monday.If you havent already received your Federal refund, then you probably have not been charged twice.   TurboTax likely changed your method of payment of the fees.  See if the scenario below explains your situation.   If it does, the fee will not be taken out again when your refund is released.Has your refund been delayed a long time at the IRS, or did they reduce the amount of your refund?  If there is a long delay, TurboTax will ultimately debit your bank account to get its fees.  However, before doing that they send you some emails to warn you and let you have the opportunity to pay by another method.If your refund later is released by the IRS, the product fees will not be taken out of your refund again, so you will not be double-charged for the product fees.  However, the refund processing fee (34.99 or 39.99) will still be deducted at that time.  The figure you quoted above does not include the processing fee.Also see this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...  


will not let me bring it up to upgrade to plus says its locked because ididnt pay for 2015. I did not use turbo in 2015  

To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I see a discount available from 3/1/201610/15/2016 at amex.co/turbotax Does this work for download purchases as well?  

Yep, the Online program only.  


I am using Turbtax, Standard edition. After preparing my 2015 Quebec & federal tax returns with some business income from taxi driving, I want to Netfile, but the software says that I have errors in my business address. I dont think so. I have done everything and am still getting errors that prevent me from Netfile. What should I do?  

This is the US forum....\n\nHere is the Canada website\nhttp://turbotax.intuit.ca/tax-software/index.jsp \n\nTT Canada Forum\nhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca 


I mailed my amended return on April 22. I know it takes 3 weeks to show up in the system.The Where's My Amended Return doesn't have anything regarding my amendment.I know it was recieved because I sent a check along with it for state and it was cashed by April 25. How can I speak to someone?  

Yes, the returns do not go to the same place since they are processed by separate taxing authorities.  There are filing instructions for both returns in the tax file.  So where did you mail them?  Federal address :  https://www.irs.gov/uac/illinois-where-to-file-addresses-for-taxpayers-and-tax-professionalsState address is on page 2 : http://tax.illinois.gov/taxforms/incmcurrentyear/individual/il-1040-x.pdf  


I am a US citizen living abroad. I don't currently have a residence in US - so I don't pay State taxes. If I sign up for a lease for a family member for an apartment, would it be considered as my domicile and would I have to pay State taxes?  

If you are a bona fide resident of another country or State, being a lessor of IL property by itself would not change your apparent domicile. See https://www.isba.org/sections/statelocaltax/newsletter/2010/06/imanonresidentofillinoismaybe for an excellent dicussion of factors used to determine taxable domicile in IL ...  


I need the page where I can purchase 2015 turbo-tax for corporation  

At the link below is the product page for the dedicated Business Edition (S-Corp, C-Corp, partnerships, estates/trusts, multi-member LLC, etc.).It is a desktop product only (CD/download), and only for Windows.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/  


What will I write in the 1040 form. Or leave everything blank  

For foreign earned income you report the income on Form 2555.  Form 2555 is not a stand-alone tax return.  It is included with and part of your personal tax return, Form 1040.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


I purchased TurboTax Standard 2015, but did not do the download.  I have the installation key. Where do I go to download the software?  

You mean you received your REFUND?  Read this on how to amend a 2011 return�.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html  The amended return is form 1040X and can only be mailed (not efiled) and will take 8-12 weeks or more to process.  And they only send checks for amended returns, no direct deposit.  You should also wait to amend your return until you get your original refund or your payment has cleared because the IRS might adjust your original return.When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. Then the amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 17 should be your original refund amount and line 20 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 15.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 19.  


I go to taxes at the top but the amended option is not available.  

It appears that the Amend option under Some Things You Can Do has been removed from the the 2015 Timeline.  This will be reported to the Moderators of this forum.Try this - When on the 2015 Timeline, click on Add a state (you will not actually be adding a state).  On the following screen there should be a button labeled Amend/Change My ReturnPlease reply back to confirm that this is what you are seeing using your sign on for the 2015 online tax return. 


if this keeps up I  guessI'll never use this service again..  

There are 2 ways to save a return as a PDF ... try them both and make sure your PDF reader is up to date...You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at  https://turbotax.intuit.com  and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can\nalso print a copy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300331  


I need to amend my amended return.  can a use turbo tax to file a 2nd amended tax return.  

Yes you can amend an amended return however you really need to save & print a copy of the first amendment BEFORE you start in case you need to start over.  The new amended returns column A must be the amounts from the first amended returns column C.  


Please confirm and advise.  

You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


1. As a guest, If I pay for a booking of a vacation rental online, do I pay the occupancy/transient/state taxes to the booking site like Airbnb/HomeAway? Or should I pay the occupancy/transient/state taxes to the host on check-in? 2. As a business, If I am running the vacation rental website do I collect taxes from guests and remit to the host? or collect taxes and pay to tax authorities?These questions were not clear on article: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Taxes-101/Who-Pays-the-Transient-Occupancy-Tax-/INF28...  

I think this quote from the article you cited sums up the situation well:For certain locations, the rental service that you use might collect these taxes directly from customers making reservations and forward them to the appropriate government authority. In most cases, though, youre probably responsible for collecting the taxes from customers and turning that money over to authorities. Make sure you know the rules that apply in your area.If you are looking for like yes or no - do this or that - type answers that is not really possible because there isnt necessarily one way it has to be done for all locations and there are a lot of local ordinances that control on this topic.  But, generally speaking -(1)  As a guest - you pay however the host wants you to - the burden isnt on you to pay the tax a certain way, the burden is on the host (or business owner) to collect the tax from you.  If I am a host and am using a service like Airbnb, it doesnt make much sense for me to not try to collect the tax up front, whether it is a separate line charge or you build the tax into the nightly charge (why would I risk you coming to my place and refusing to pay the tax and then I lose a booking).  But, it is possible for a host to prefer you to pay the tax separately upon check in.(2)  As a business - (now it seems that you are talking from the perspective of the business of providing website booking services, not the host), you will likely collect the tax at checkout as part of the total fees and send it to the host and the host will remit the tax.  I am not aware of any places where there is a requirement for you to collect and forward the tax yourself to the authorities as that burden should still remain on the host business owner (though this is very much a local matter and you would need to research your local laws).  But, there are locations where you may have the ability to forward the tax to local authorities as part of your services and its likely that your customers may expect you to offer such services in those areas. I have included some links below so you can maybe get an idea of how its done from Airbnb.https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/654/what-is-occupancy-tax--do-i-need-to-collect-or-pay-ithttps://www.airbnb.com/help/article/653/in-what-areas-is-occupancy-tax-collection-and-remittance-by-...https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/1036/how-does-occupancy-tax-collection-and-remittance-by-airbnb-...I hope this helps.  I am still not quite sure what perspective you are asking these questions from - like are you thinking of becoming a host and want to know what your responsibilities are tax wise or are you looking to provide booking services.  Either way your best bet is to speak with local real estate or tax professional on the matter as they should be better versed in the nuisances of the localities involved. 


Filling 100% foreign erned income from HK  

Using the 2015 online editions of TurboTax you will need the Deluxe edition or higher.  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/Using the 2015 desktop editions of TurboTax you can use any edition.  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/Paying for the TurboTax program you will need a US credit card with a US billing address.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


\n\nThere is an IRS Technical Advice\nMemorandum dated Aug.8, 2002 and released Dec 6, 2002 in\nwhich IRS ruled that the royalty payments should be treated as long-term\ncapital gain under Section 1235. A number of cases are cited in that TAM. However,\nmost of what is written about IRC 1235 and similar fact patterns occurred prior\nto 2014 and therefore prior to the existence of the Net Investment Income Tax\n(NIIT). This raises a new question about the taxation of royalty payments\nafforded long-term capital gain treatment under IRC 1235 - is the gain subject\nto NIIT, or conversely, is there an argument that can be made that the gain is\nexempt from NIIT under the theory that the gain was derived in the ordinary\ncourse of a non-passive trade or business. Can the inventor be deemed to be in\nthe business of inventing patentable property such that the capital gain from\nsuch property would qualify as exempt from NIIT.\n\nI am seeking support for making\nsuch an argument or any argument that would enable a capital gain under IRC\n1235 to be deemed exempt from NIIT.\n\n  

I dont see it.  According to what I read, royalty income from patents is subject to the NIIT.According to PWC, patent income is considered portfolio income and therefore subject to NIIT.https://www.pwc.com/us/en/washington-national-tax/newsletters/private-company-services-tax/assets/pw...Other sources seem to indicate the same thing.  From my view, you are trying to have your cake and eat it too.  If the royalty income is afforded LTCG treatment, why wouldnt it be subject to the NIIT?  However, you can either consult a tax professional with a background in the tax treatment of intellectual property, or elect to not pay the NIIT on such income, be audited by the IRS, and take the case to the Tax Court.  


I filed an amendment before I get my original refund. And I still have not received the original refund which has been 4 months since I filed it. What should I do?  

What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite.  


Using the Canadian version and the U.S. version of Turbotax would not only be more work to enter the same info., but it would also ignore the tax-treaty issues and cause expats to pay more tax unless you were able to go back and forth and manually coordinate the info.  

Can Turbotax Premier prepare both Canadian and U.S. TaxesIt cannot.  Canadian and US taxes are two separate programs and there is no interface between the two.  


cant see my past tax returns 15 or 16  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Can I speak with someone at your offices about this?  

When your return is complete, make the filing selection  Ill mail it in,Mail must go through the US Post office.electronic submission, e-File, is also an option.  


I am filing for 2013  

It is supported for FEIN 72-0564834 in the Wages and Salaries section for entering an employer number.  Are you using the desktop editions of TurboTax?  If so, have you updated your program to the latest release?  Click on Online at the top of the desktop program screen.  Click on Check for Updates.See screenshot for the following screen after entering the FEIN in Wages and Salaries  


I'm Head of Household (single).  

Yes you are.  


I have wasted a lot of time on this problem to no availIncredibly disappointed with this program  

Hi there,Thanks for bringing this to our attention, however I did not get the same results.I just tested this scenario and TurboTax would not allow me to enter any education expenses when I indicated that I was a dependent and my parents were going to claim me on their tax return. When I visit the eduction interview screens I come to a screen like this http://screencast.com/t/usxanDz3lns and I cant go any further to enter eduction expenses. I would suggest that you return to the personal information screen where you enter your name and DOB and make sure you check the box "A parent or someone else can claim this person as a dependent".  Then a few screen latter answer yes to the question "Were you actually claimed as a dependent on someones elses return". I hope this helps you out.  


I need to calculate my gross income (not AGI) from 2015. I know this number isnt included anywhere on my 1040EZ or W2 from 2015, but is there an easy way to calculate it?  

Oh, for the gross before pre-tax deductions that come out of your pay you would have to ask your employer.  You might be able to use the W2.  Box 3 & 5 probably give you the full gross amount before pre-tax and should be the higher wages.  But some pre-tax items are also deducted from SS wages in box 3 and SS also has a max amount.  Medicare box 5 should be actual gross wages.Your actual gross wages should be on each paycheck stub.  


How can I find the return I just completed this year? Thanks!  

Then you are in the wrong account.  You probably have another account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/And when you find your return if you can't get it to open, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.  


I have possession of all the assets and they were used to start a professional practice and are being used now.  These assets included things like a phone number, office furniture and equipment, good will of a name etc.  

Purchase of a business. When you purchase a trade or business, you generally purchase all assets used in the business operations, such as land, buildings, and machinery. You must allocate the price among the various assetsLoans with low or no interest. If you buy\nproperty on a time payment plan that charges\nlittle or no interest, the basis of your property is\nyour stated purchase price, minus the amount\nconsidered to be unstated interest.  For more\ninformation, see Unstated Interest and Original\nIssue Discount in Publication 537.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdfYou may wish to see a local accounting/tax professional  


Just moved from TX to NC for a job that starts in a couple days.  My income is increasing about 70%.  With the state tax in NC and increase in pay, I want to get ahead of any potential tax situations.  My spouse is staying in TX until at least October.  Married, no dependents, no mortgage.  

Try this (Federal) tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/For NC, see this:http://www.dornc.com/downloads/nc4.pdf  


I am not sure of how there are two different numbers from my W-2's to my tax transcript  

If you can't get your return to open, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Can you find your return?  If not,  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Which numbers are not matching up?  The wages from box 1 or the withholding in box 2?  To check your W2 just type w2 (small W) in the search box at the top of your return and click on Jump To the W2 Or go to..Federal Taxes Tab Wages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then Wages and Salaries- Click the Start or Update buttonYou should get a box listing all your W2s.Then click  Edit by your W2 to double check it 


I plan on making greater than 110% of last years income so paying the 110% during the year is easier than trying to calculate the actual amount. My concern is with my first payment being a week late.  

No.  The two aspects are unrelated.  One aspect is timing, and the other aspect is the total paid.Being a week late with your 1st quarterly estimated payment may (or may not) cause you to owe a slight penalty/interest.Separately, the 110% requirement relates to the total of your withholding+estimated payments over the course of the year.  


2015 tax return not showing up to view after e-filing  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I have not filed 2014 yet can I do this with turbo tax to itemize?  I have already filed 2015  

Personal itemized deductions are entered on Form 1040 Schedule A.  You can use the TurboTax Deluxe desktop edition or higher for tax year 2014 to complete and file a Form 1040 Schedule A.  Go to this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2014 tax return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.Free federal forms, schedules and instructions for prior tax years can be accessed from this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html  


My wife and her brother inherited an IRA from my father in law with his trust as the beneficiary. My brother in law needs to take the lump sump distribution, even though its not the smartest move. As such, when they cash out the IRA into the trust, and then pay the distributions from the trust to themselves, are the taxes on the lump sum paid based on their own tax rates on both incomes? Meaning, the rate is not the same for both of them, correct?I then know the Trust must issue them a K-1 in March. Is it also correct you can pay the tax (based on income bracket) at the time you take the distribution?Thanks!  

Passing this income to the trust through to the trust beneficiaries on the Schedules K-1 results in the income being taxed on the beneficiaries' tax returns at the beneficiaries' tax rates.It may instead be possible to distribute the IRA by splitting it and distributing a separate inherited IRA for each beneficiary, allowing each beneficiary to take distributions as needed, subject to RMD requirements.  Of course if the IRA has already been distributed to the trust, it's too late for this  


I started with actual income figures in lines 16a and 20a which were reduced by turbo tax in lines 16b and 20b to the figures now being corrected by the IRS.  

Line 16b is determined by your data entry from your 1099-R form, and answers to the questions, so review those.As for the change to line 20b, this usually happens because the IRS changes some other income item on your return, which makes more of your Social Security taxable.  


My elderly, retired parents arrived in Canada, each on a Parental Super Visa, in December 2015 and are living with my spouse and I.  Three questions: 1)  As my parents are dependent on us for everything, (inc. housing, food, transportaion, health care etc)  can I claim them on my 2015 Canadian Tax return, ? 2)  We purchased the required emergency medical coverage for each of them.  Can I claim half of the $10,000 spent on their premiums on my 2015 tax return as medical expenses with my spouse claiming the other half ? Or should I just claim the entire amount ? Can half be claimed in 2015 with the other half claimed on 2016s income tax return ? 3)  At what point are they to file their own income tax returns ?  SuperVisa is vaild for a total of 10 years, to be renewed every 2 years, meaning that they must leave Canada every 2 years to travel and then re-enter Canada. Thank you in advance.  

For personal debt, go to Personal, Federal Taxes, Wages and Income, under Less Common Income, on Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C click start  


I had an accountant file federal but he did not file my state taxes.  Louisiana said i can still file because im due a refund.  Is it possible to use ur site to only file my state return?  

If you didnt use Turbo Tax to file federal you would first have to fill out a federal return (dont file it) to match the real return you did file and you would have to pay for federal for it to flow into the state return.  Then you have to say you want to file federal by mail and print out both federal and state.  You have to mail the state return too.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4232481  


We built the building prior to start of the business, for the business.  We have not claimed any of the building expenses on personal or business.  Would we be better off just charging the business rent?  

Assuming your business is a Sole Proprietorship, yes, you would want claim a home office deduction every year.If you business is an entity (such a corporation), rent is one option, but there a restrictions.As with any new business, it is usually in your best interests to consult a tax professional that can look at your entire situation.  


I filed my 2015 taxes with turbo tax and now the entire return is missing from my PC!!! Can you help me restore it or just find it???  

Look for a .tax2015 file on your computer (usually in My Documents).  TT doesnt store your return on its servers.Or request a copy from the IRS (filed returns only).  


Ill be receiving money from Post 9/11 GI Bill, Pell Grant, HOPE scholarship, the Georgia Access Award, FWS, loans, and other scholarships. Are any of these types of aid considered taxable income, and will I have to file taxes because of them?  

Scholarships can be taxable. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2172062-why-is-my-scholarship-taxable 


When I looked at my return, the information I input matched the W-2, so it appears I have approximately $1500 in additional income, but I cannot locate the source.  

If your employer-provided dependent care entered on box 10 of your W-2 exceeds your qualified expenses incurred for the care of a dependent entered on Form 2441, you are required to report that excess as income on line 7 on Form 1040.TurboTax automatically transfers this income to the correct line with DCB printed on the dotted line next to Wages, Salaries, Tips, Etc.  


I rent out a basement suite to a boarder.  We share the main floor of the house and the yard and swimming pool.  I have claimed the income and expenses for the last several years but have not needed a business code.  Now I cant finish my tax form and submit without the code.  What is the code or where can I find one?  

Personal residence rent is not deductible on a Federal income tax return.  Some states do have deductions or credits for such rent.  


According to the account there is $5345 in long term capital gains.  

Any profits made on the liquidation of investments in a childs UGMA or UTMA account are reported on the childs tax return. Some or all of this might be included on the parents tax return, at the parents tax rate.The so-called kiddie tax is a rule that is levied on unearned income (interest, dividends and capital gains) earned by children under the age of 19 and college students under the age of 24. For 2016, the first $1,050 of unearned income a child or college student earns will be offset by the $1,050 standard deduction (assuming the child has no earned income), and the next $1,050 of such unearned income will be taxed at the childs tax rate. All of the childs unearned income in excess of $2,100 is taxed at the parents tax rate. 


the one where it automatically calculates based on the square footage of your living area  

How do i enter another charity  


I alresdy filed for 2015 and my employer just sent me a corrected W-2 where they payed me $500 less how do I correct my already submitted taxes?  

On your TurboTax home pageClick Taxes\nClick My Tax Timeline\nScroll down to things you can do\nClick Amend under your 2015 tax return\n  


I already paid my NC vehicle property tax for 2016 and now about to move to Maryland, which also charges a property tax to register the vehicle.  Will I be able to deduct both of my taxes paid for 2016?  Would I get credit in Maryland for having paid my NC taxes or am I going to have to pay two taxes in the same year for the same piece or property?  

You will likely have to pay two property taxes for the year.  MD doesnt care what you did/paid for property taxes in NC.But, when you do your Federal tax return next year, you can include both states vehicle property tax as a part of your Federal itemized deductions. (Assuming you have enough deductions already, such that you will be using itemized deductions instead of the Standard deduction.)  


We selected to have our fee paid from our refund, but just now got charged the prep fee.  We have not received our refund yet, as we are waiting for a prior year to go through.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3199769-turbotax-requiring-i-pay-the-filing-fee-now-because-my-ref...  


can I get a refund if I bought the wrong taxe s download?  

Yes.  Do you need to buy the 2013 Desktop program?  You can buy it herehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/Or maybe support will put 2013 in your account.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.  


My refund on Federal went from owing $140 to receiving $2900.  Whats up with Michigan State  

Amended returns are only for the Difference you get back or need to pay.  If you had a refund on the original return you will still get that one too.  (and you still need to pay the tax due on the first federal return)  In fact you should not amend until you get the first refund.  


what is the telephone number to call when your being audited ?  

https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-supportWhat is your 2015 amended question?  


I had to register for CRA - and used my email address that they emailed me on.  But when I go to my messages, there is nothing there.  The CRA email is an automated one.  What can I do?Thanks so muchTanya  

If the above amount is W-2 wages, the child is not required to file a return, but may elect to do so to claim a refund of his withholding.If he earned more than $400 net income (income less expenses) working as a self employed individual (or independent contractor), he must file a Schedule C, business income and expenses with his personal return and pay self-employment tax of 15.3% employment tax.  


I am a self-employed artist and U.S. citizen now with permanent residency in Japan. When I file my U.S. taxes, I am able to claim the FEIE, as I am well below the threshold. Additionally, I am exempt from self-employment tax because I pay into the Japanese system and have the required Certificate of Coverage I send in with my U.S. return. Since all of my income is exempt from U.S. tax, Im wondering if there is any point in bothering with the hassle of listing my business deductions (materials, supplies, home office, etc) on Schedule C. Isnt it irrelevant? It lowers my taxable income, but that doesnt matter because Im not paying any tax to begin with, no? So, is it a waste of time to bother with claiming self-employed business deductions on U.S. taxes if I am already exempt? Can I safely skip that section? Any advice would be greatly appreciated!  

Its may not a big deal, but I would recommend completing everything as accurately as possible.One reason that I can think of is depreciation.  In most cases, if you sell a business asset at a gain, that is NOT considered as earned income, and would be subject to US tax.  If you dont keep track of that, it makes it more challenging in the future.Also, if you do have any other non-earned income that is subject to US taxes, having the proper deduction on your Schedule C could affect the tax rate that the other income is taxed at.Also, when you submit your tax return, you as attesting that it is true, correct, and complete.  If you dont fill everything out in Schedule C, it would not be correct and complete.  That would technically mean you are committing perjury.  


how does she get this back as we did not netfile but was still charge  

only if you keep records of all your expenses such as fuel oil, standard repairs such as tune ups, tires, etc and then figure your depreciation of the vehicle.  Unless youve got very high mileage on a new vehicle, you probably wont qualify.  


Amazon Flex delivery driver - Do I have to track EVERY address I go to, or just overall miles on the route from start to finish? There are up to about 50 addresses on a route so that seems like it would be ridiculous to track. Also I do not make any other stops on the route, so I would think that starting odometer and ending odometer would suffice. Right or Wrong? Thanks!  

In your situation the total miles for the route for the day would be correct. The daily delivery manifest will be your supporting document if you are ever audited.  


do we need to file his own taxes or does it go under ours  

Try this link, enter your address/zip and it gives you your codes:https://thefinder.tax.ohio.gov/StreamlineSalesTaxWeb/default_taxdistrictsummary.aspxI hope this helps!  


If you dont invest that $250,000 in another house for a second time, do you have to pay taxes on that?  

The requirement to defer capital gains by purchasing a residence that was greater than the sale price of the prior home was removed from the tax code in 1997.If you sold your primary personal residence and you lived in and owned the home for at least two years in the five year period on the date of sale, you do not have to report the sale if your gains are less then the exclusion amounts of $250,000 if filing Single or $500,000 if filing Married Filing Jointly (and both lived in and owned the home for two years).  


I paid the tuition and expenses for community college for my son, who was living on his own and supporting himself. He filed his own tax return and claimed himself as a dependent. I am not claiming him as a dependent on my tax return.   I paid these educational expenses from a 529 account and received a 1099-Q. Will I now wind paying taxes on the amount I withdrew from the 529 plan to pay his educational expenses, since I am not claiming him as a dependent and am unable to enter these expenses on my tax return?  

Because of the rules surrounding a 529 plan, you do not have to pay tax on the distribution, even though he is not your dependent. As long as he is the plans beneficiary, his educational expenses, including room & board, are Qualified higher educational expenses (QHEE) for purposes of claiming the earnings exclusion (box 2 on the 1099-Q) on your tax return.You do have to coordinate with him. You may not count as QHEE, on your return, any tuition, fees or book costs that he counted in claiming the tuition credit on his own return.  


I alredy filed and paid 2015 turbo tax.  I want to download 2016 dowm on my new compute and get help in transfering 2004 - 2015 from my old computer via tumbdrive.  

You will need to copy all your data files from the old computer to move them to the new computer.  All programs must be installed as they cannot be moved like data files.  Keep backups of all the files on a removable medium for safe keeping. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4809435Also, you are advised to save all prior year returns\nin PDF format, so that you can access them with the Adobe Reader program. You\nshould also print a hard copy of all returns. Otherwise, if you lose the\nelectronic copy, you are flat out of luck.\n\n\n\n  


how can I access my 2014 with out paying twice ... ?  

That is why it is important to maintain only one user ID when using the online editions of TurboTax.  Other user IDs can be created for test purposes but the main user ID should only be used for the actual tax returns that are created.Your best option is to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent and they may be able to give you access to the other account.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 


My primary device is my Android phone, where I would also receive any texts. I would like to be able to make my iPad as a secondary authenticator in case my phone fails, is broken, or lost.  

Turbotax\nhas a new feature that tracks the dates, times, and approximate locations your\naccount was accessed.  You can log in and check this feature.  Make\nsure you log in by typing the address in your web browser and check for the\npadlock icon that means you have a verified connection.  Click Account\nTools, then Security, then scroll down for access history.\n\nBe\naware that the date and time will be accurate, but the location may be less\naccurate, especially if you are using a cell phone. Determining location from\nan internet address is notoriously prone to error.   But, any overseas\naccess is definitely a problem.  If there are log ins you dont recognize,\nyou can call customer support, and also take steps (below) to secure your\naccount better. \n\nTo\nsecure your account, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address\ninto your browser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or\nwhatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change\nyour password, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou\nalso have the option to turn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.\n With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or\ncell phone when you try to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your\npassword and also has possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is\nmore likely to be the real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication\nwhenever you log in from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you\ncan turn it on for all log-ins in your security settings.\n\nAlso see these two FAQs about the emails being sent to\nalert users on the new security measures:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\nand\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n\n\n\n\n\n  


how I can print my 2014 tax  

duplicate post  


Its already been a week and still havent received anything.. Does a change of address could be a problem?  

What is happening when Wheres My Amended Return? shows the status is: Completed?This means your Form 1040X- Amended Tax Return has completed processing resulting in a refund, balance due, or no tax change. This timeframe also means all correspondence related to the processing of your amended tax return has been mailed to you.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...So now its up to the postal service.  


When looking at the description on the IRS page, it says the child must live with you for over half the year.  When filling in information for my baby, Turbo Tax had me fill in that she had been with me the whole year even though she had only experienced 3 months of 2015.  Will her three months of life count for the half year requirement?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2567672-can-a-married-person-claim-head-of-household-filing-status  


Does the Basic version have Schedule C?  I cant find this info on the product comparison page or in the FAQSuggestion: update https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ to add a row for Schedule C. this is necessary; given last years debacle where Sched C was removed.  I was a loyal customer using Basic version for years, until the extremely poor choice to remove this form.  Its hard to keep my posting kid-friendly when i think about all the negative feelings this generated in me (and apparently a huge number of people, from the postings i read).A video apology from President is all well and good, but where the rubber meets the road is the product comparison page.  This info needs to be present.  Again, a failure of the marketing dept.  

Click on View Forms in Basic here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/  


Turbo Tax is insisting that it emails me a verification code as a last step to print my return. My Account does not have my email account listed, and when trying to add it, it just says "sign in" next to it. When I click this sign in link, the log in window briefly displays (it is empty too), then goes away, and turbo tax takes me back to the Tax Timeline. I just cleared my cache/history and it still does not work.  

If you are seeing your tax timeline then you are already logged in. Under my account the settings menu should show our name/user name/email address and address.If things are still not working as they are supposed to you should contact TT support using the call option to get directly to Turbotax not this open forum https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 


what is wrong with turbo?  

Do not use a # sign.  For example, Block 100.22  Lot 6 is okay.  But Block 100.22 Lot # 6 is not.  


Shows higher w2 income on form 1040 than in the income sectionn of software.  

Form 1040, Line 7 can also include Excess salary deferrals and some other things. See pgs. 21ff here:. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf 


It is requiring me to upgrade and pay which I do not need nor want to do!  

The preparation of a city return is not automatic in TurboTax (TT). You have to initiate it. If you do not have a city return in your paper or pdf file copies, a city return was probably not prepared by TT. For a list of cities that TT is capable of doing, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899325-which-city-income-tax-returns-can-turbotax-handleIf you used the free edition of TT, in the past, you will have to pay to access copies. To contact TurboTax support:  8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp \n\n\n\nIn the search line enter some\nkeywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic\nlinks and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the\nwait times.  


Do I have to override the program somewhere and prorate myself between Schedule E and Schedule A?  Or did I miss the spot to enter the conversion date?Thanks  

I have Desktop Home & Business also.  Didnt you get this screen?  


I have partnership income from a T5013, so is it asking what portion of the carrying charges on the T5013 was related to the acquisition?  Or is it asking for how much the carrying charges are (I already entered this, so I would imagine that is not what TurboTax is asking for)  Where do I find the amount it is asking for?Why does TurboTax ask this during the review phase, and not during the slips data entry phase?  

You should enter your income exactly as it is listed on your W-2 or 1099.  If taxes were withheld (depending on what type of income you had), there should be appropriate numbers in the boxes on your income document..  Fill in each box exactly as it appears on your income document.  TurboTax will do the rest!  


please provide information to receive my refundryanmckenzie@telus.netThank You  

You must pay (mail) by April 18 to avoid interest and penalties.  


TurboTax said our services were free due to low income & then added $29.99 fee that could not be removed. They call it Plus Bundle R2015. How do I get this fee refunded or do I have to contact the Better Business Bureau & state Attorney General?  

For a refund, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.THEN you probably needed to use the Tax Freedom website,  which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you had to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/  


I owe for my state taxes as well but I thought this filing option was free?  

The preparation of the state tax return is not free. You are paying for the use of the program to prepare the tax return. It is the same price whether you efile the return or print and mail it. There was a limited time promotion early in the tax season that offered free state return preparation.  


I e-filed the return. Is there a way that I can get access to this return since I don't have my own copy of it anymore?  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your Account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I fully funded a ROTH IRA for 2015, however I accidentally filed my 2015 taxes not realizing that I had exceeded the income limits for the year. The other mistake is that I never reported this contribution originally when I filed (an oversight).I recharacterized the entire contribution to the traditional IRA after filing. My question is how to I proceed? Do I need to refile when the ROTH contribution wasnt there the first time around? Thanks in advance.  

Youll need to file an amended tax return reporting the recharacterization.  The recharacterization will result in either a traditional IRA deduction appearing on Form 1040 line 32 (or Form 1040A line 17), or a nondeductible traditional IRA contribution appearing on Form 8606.When preparing the amendment, youll enter the Roth IRA contribution that you made and youll indicate in the follow-up questions to this entry that you recharacterized the contribution to a traditional IRA.  Be sure explain your recharacterization and write Filed pursuant to section 301.9100-2 on the amended return before mailing it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064 


Need to know how to print 2013 Tax Returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Received Ohio Joint Filing Credit in 2015, but not in 2014 - why?  Now I get a Income Tax Billing Notice Variance relating to the JFC for 2015 - saying I owe the money for the credit.  Both wife and I each made over $500 - is it because our employers are not located in Ohio?  

For the Ohio Joint Filing Credit (JFC), each Spouse must have at least $500 of qualifying income to get the credit. But\nthen any schedule A deductions must be subtracted from each spouses income to\nsee if you each still have $500. In addition any Federal adjustments must be\nsubtracted. A common example is an IRA deduction. Lets say the wife had $1500\nof wages and put $1200 in her traditional (deductible) IRA. She would only have\n$300 of net qualifying income and the couple would not get any JFC.Did you have any of the following:-medical expenses exceeding 7-1/2% of AGI-IRA deductions-student loan interest deduction-1/2 self employment tax deduction-educator expense deduction-alimony deduction-tuition deduction (not tuition credit)- out of state military pay -any other adjustments on Ohio sch A\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf so, and those items were deducted from your\nqualifying income, was that income reduced to less than $500?In the forms mode, look at the Joint\nFiling Credit Allocation Worksheet. This is where your net qualifying income is calculated. It shows on line 4. If\neither of you is less than $500 on line 4, you do not qualify.  


It says "We are unable to approve your 2015 tax refund as we cannot verify your California state income tax withholding based on the social security number you provided. To approve withholding refunds, we compare SSNs to employment records. To resolve this issue, please complete steps 1 through 4:" and there's this whole big thing that requires copies of "all social security cards, ITIN documents, Forms W-2, Forms 1099, and year-to-date paycheck stubs." I don't have my paystubs! Why is this an issue? TurboTax says that they accepted my return and everything... What should I do?  

Ive had several of my tax clients get this same letter.  here is the Email I received last week concerning this same issue.  Basically it says we should wait and see if FTB fixes this on their own:FTB facing high call, chat volumes, many questions about withholding    The number of calls to FTBs call centers, as well as its LiveChat program, has spiked in recent weeks. We also saw a corresponding increase in district office foot traffic.   During the same time, the department has collected and investigated a number of complaints about withholding adjustment notices. To accommodate taxpayers with questions, FTB is allowing two additional weeks for taxpayers to respond to the notices.  No action (including collections) will be taken during that time.   We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused, and we are taking steps to reduce wait times for our customer service channels.   We have identified a population of taxpayers whose returns were affected by late withholding reports from employers.  Some wage and retirement withholding data was not provided to the State of California before FTB processed and validated the associated taxpayers? returns.    To remedy this, FTB is re-validating those returns to allow the original withholding amounts claimed.  Impacted taxpayers will receive a notice of this action, which will go in the mail by Monday, June 13.    A sample copy of the letter is available at https://www.ftb.ca.gov/current/sampleA.pdf 


i think that i could have gotten a bigger refund if i had used turbo tax, is there anyway that i can see if turbo tax could get me a bigger refund with previous years that i did myself?  

Collect your originally filed return.Prepare your 20nn return using TurboTAX 20nn CD/Download .If you get good results. it is a simple matter to prepare the blank Form 1040X , available from www.irs.gov , by hand.  


I'm trying to access my still unfiled 2014 taxes  

You cannot use the online\neditions to file a 2014 tax return.  The online editions are only for\ncompleting a 2015 return.\n\nTo complete and file a 2014\ntax return you have be using the TurboTax desktop edition for tax year 2014.\n A 2014 return cannot be e-filed but must be printed and mailed.  Go\nto this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions\n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp\n\nFree forms, schedules and\ninstructions are available for prior year returns at this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html\n\n \n\nHere are some blank\nforms & instructions for 2014\n1040 https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f1040--2014.pdf     Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf \n\n1040A https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040a.pdf     Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i1040a--2014.pdf \n\n1040EZ https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040ez.pdf    Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040ez.pdf  \n\nTax Tables https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040tt.pdf \nPublication 17 Tax Guide for 2014 https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p17.pdf\n\nand check your State\ntax authoritys website for the 2014 state forms and instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


When I try using one of my 2 email addresses as my user ID the sign-on screen reverts to *another* account I had and does not let me sign in on the valid one.  I get a repeated error message, "User ID already taken*.  Taken, yes, but by me with no way of doing a password reset.Thanks.  I get this error repeatedly so pls don't say, "Try again."  

Whenever you try using two different User IDs, you have to completely close the program and clear the browser cache before trying again.  Also be sure that there is no checkmark in remember me at the log-in interface.You can use the tool below to look for multiple accounts and to recover password access.  Run the tool on each email address you have.  But as I said above between each attempt use the info in this note:NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


checked the CRA website for how to calculate the mortgage interest portion shown in the forms but only found that they do not allow this as a deduction??? Is this correct since I have already submitted showing the total annual mortgage interest for the tax year.  

Did you happen to notice if you got paid last year and tax was withheld on your pay stub. If you dont remember prehaps you should call your employer you may have been fired and forgot about it. They may need to mail you a W-2c before you file your taxes.  


I cant find my information.  Its just gone.  

On Schedule C, there is actually a line for Supplies Expense--put it there.  Supplies would be low unit cost items like nails, sand paper, etc. not big ticket items.   Major cost items would be included in the cost of good sold section on the materials and supplies line there.  


in 2015 i contributed the full amount to my 2015 Roth IRA and had to recharacterize it due to my salary.  Ended up getting $90 back, and i know that i owe a penalty on the profit?  if it put in $5500, do i enter in $5590  in the "how much you trensferred?  

A recharacterization does not result in any distribution to you, so I suspect that you did not actually get $90 back.Since I suspect that you did not receive any distribution paid to you but that instead $5,590 was transferred to the traditional IRA, you recharacterized (switched) $5,500.  Your explanation must indicate that $5,500 was recharacterized and that $90 of earnings were transferred in addition to the $5,500 recharacterized.In the questions that follow the entry of the Roth contribution, TurboTax asks how much was switched not how much was transferred.  The amount that was switched (recharacterized) was $5,500.  Only your explanation and any entry of the code N or R Form 1099-R will show the amount transferred.  


Get error 190 and have to repurchase state forms (it seems).  

Error 190 is caused because you have not installed the state software prior to opening a *.tax2015 data file that contains a state return.  So the program doesnt know how to handle the state data.You will not have to pay again.  If you are unable to get it downloaded using the steps below, TurboTax Support can supply you the state program.What product are you installing? Is it a desktop version (CD/download) that came with 1 state program included?  If so, will it not let you download your included state program?   Or did you buy the state program separately?After installing, have you rebooted and run the latest program updates?  Do both of those before trying to download the state program.Then start a fake return long enough to download the state program.  i.e., open TurboTax and in the top left corner, click on FILE menu, then New Tax Return.   Then after the fake return opens, click in the top menubar on ONLINE, and then choose Download State.    Or if that didnt work, try to download it from the State Taxes tab. 


I'm applying for mortgage and I've received my wage and income transcript for 2015 showing only my current employer income however I filled last year taxes including my previous employer and current employer?  

What year are you referring to as last year?   Are you referring to the 2015 tax year and a 2015 transcript?   And are you saying the 2015 wage and income transcript is only partially complete?If so, see this info from the IRS Get Transcript website:Wage and Income Transcript - shows data from information returns \nwe receive such as Forms W-2, 1099, 1098 and Form 5498, IRA Contribution\n Information. Current tax year information may not be complete until \nJuly.\nDid you also order a regular tax return transcript?Are all the wages showing up in your Social Security record of earnings yet?   Do you have an online account at the SSA website?  


I have the same job that I had last year (making approx $30k gross) and have started my own business on the side of buying/selling things on craigslist.  So far, this year I have a profit of about $2,143 for the small business after deductions.  How do I calculate how much I need to pay for both federal estimated quarterly and state estimated quarterly for mn?  

TurboTax can do that for you. In the 2015 software, Enter at:\nFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)\nOther Tax Situations\nOther Tax Forms\nForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or\nUpdate button You should pay in quarterly estimated taxes if you dont have enough withholding taken out to cover the tax on all your income. You might be able to increase your W2 withholding to account for the extra income.You should make estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of: 90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or  100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\n\n\n\n\nIf your goal is just\nto avoid the underpayment penalty, then paying 100% of the prior year tax\nliability is the safe haven  


The Art Grant I received was reported by the non-profit charitable organization on a 1099-MISC box 7 Non-Employee Income. Per the IRS website it's not taxable: https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/private-foundations/grants-to-individuals"Grants to individuals for travel, study, or other similar purposes (including loans made for charitable purposes, and program-related investments) are taxable expenditures, unless the following conditions are met: ... It is shown to the satisfaction of the Service that one of the following requirements is met-- ... c. The grant's purpose is to achieve a specific objective, produce a report or similar product, or improve or enhance a literary, artistic, musical, scientific, teaching, or similar capacity, skill or talent of the grantee." What form do I file to tell the IRS it's not taxable?  

If you received an erroneous 1099-Misc, You have several choices:1. Ideally, you get a corrected 1099-misc\nfrom the payer2. Dont report it on your return. Attach a\ncopy of the 1099 and a statement explaining the circumstances. You cant\ne-file. From the IRS instructions for form 1099-Misc:\nForm 1099-MISC incorrect? If this form is incorrect or has been issued in\nerror, contact the payer. If you cannot get this form corrected, attach an\nexplanation to your tax return and report your income correctly.3. Report the Income on schedule C and take\na deduction under other expenses, call it something like nominee\nrecipient adjustment4. Report the income as misc line 21\nincome (enter in TurboTax at the 1099-Misc screen) .\n Then enter a line 21 deduction,\nfor the same amount.  In TurboTax (TT),\nenter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab\n - Wages & Income\n- Ill choose what I work on Button\nScroll down to:\n-Less Common Income\n      -Misc Income, 1099-A, 1099-C\n       - On the next screen, choose  Other\nreportable income - Enter the number with a minus sign (-) in front. Briefly\nexplain at description.5. Report the income as misc line 21 (of\nform 1040) income. Then take a line 36 deduction. In the forms mode, open form\n1040. Scroll down to the Other adjustments to income smart\nworksheet and enter your deduction in line H. Type in.expenses of\n1099-Misc income or nominee recipient adjustment to 1099-Misc\nincome\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n6. Do nothing and hope you can explain it\naway when & if the IRS contacts youThe fact that the organization issued a 1099-Misc probably indicates that they dont think you  meet the requirements for this income to be tax exempt. Theres a good chance you may have to prove it to the IRS, later (satisfaction of the Service)  


Have been using your product for years to do in home taxes.  I unfortunately wasnt thinking when I went into Walmart and made my product purchase this year.  I picked up the Basic version instead of Standard as I normally buy.  I have already opened the box to install and registered key.Can I purchase and upgrade at the differed price?  

Could your direct deposit have bounced back to the IRS due to an incorrect routing/account no.?The IRS usually takes 2-3 weeks to mail checks.  


IRS Publication 516 states that I need to include a statement confirming that I live overseas for the 15 June automatic extension.  

Sadly you cannot do that with the Online program unless you are active duty military. So ... if you have a refund just ignore that statement requirement and efile the return.Or ... if you owe and need to include the statement you can file by mail and attach a hand written note.Or ... you can switch to the downloaded program to make that election.  


Im a part time livestreamer on twitch.tv and I get donations through twitch. My goal is to become full time and earn most of my income through twitch and youtube and partnerships I make from companies. I want to know what it is involved to become a full time self employed independent. Like what kind of tax forms are their how do you tackle retirement plans if youre self employed. How would all of that go for someone with kind of line of work in terms of tax papers and other government forms.  

Heres all I know,If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed PAYING QUARTERLY ESTIMATESYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)To prepare estimates for next year you start with your current return, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Here are the blank Estimates and instructions..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 15, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms.  You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state. If you didnt owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. 


I want to check I got proper refund. It seems like I messed it up by entering something wrong.  

Turbotax no longer offers a pro review service.  This is a public forum and most people answering are volunteers -- while we can answer tax questions, you really should not share intimate financial details with strangers.A tax refund is just the balance between what you owe and what you had withheld.  Withholding is determined by your W-4 that you file with your employers.  If you have more than one job at the same time, it is possible to have less withheld than you expect because of the way the W-4 works.  You have to do the whole worksheet (front and back).Also remember that any refund is money you did not get during the year.  A $600 refund means you were letting the government keep bout $11 more per week than they were entitled to.  You can easily get a larger refund by claiming fewer allowances on your W-4, but that will also reduce your weekly take home by the same amount.Taxpayers with children, and a few other circumstances, are eligible for additional credits that inflate their refund.  As long as you went through the entire Turbotax interview and answered the questions correctly, the program claimed any credits you were eligible for.(As a slightly political comment, Congress has passed a lot of benefits for working families with children, so they can get the soccer mom vote.  But someone has to pay to keep the government running.  So that means that singles and couples without kids, or whose kids are grown up, pay more.)  


I have already said I own 50%, would the software apportion 50% of the income, CCA etc. automatically?  

It should although if you are in a loss position, or close to it, CCA is not allowed to be used to create or increase a loss.  Possibly, the warning relates to that issue. 


Or will her being covered by her Canadian national health insurance suffice?  I don't want to pay an Affordable Care Act penalty because of this.  

No, she doesnt need US health insurance yet.The insurance requirement is just for US Citizens and Resident Aliens.  Until your spouse comes to the US (or gets a Greencard), she is a Nonresident Alien, not subject to the penalty for not having qualifying US insurance.  


shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2... appears. I've tried multiple cards (all U.S. banks). I am filing from overseas, but nothing I've seen should present a problem.  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use to correct this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online  


Please let me know if I can still file or reimburse me the cost of ordering this product Turbo Tax Deluxe 2012. The information you provided was false if cannot still file for a refund.  

So, heres the problem:If you never filed a 2012 tax return, the deadline for filing it to get a refund was April 15, 2016, so you just missed it.But, the statute of limitations (how long the IRS can come after you for tax owed) is 3 years from the date you filed. If you never file a 2012 return, then the IRS can come after you forever, if they think you owe tax.  At the very least you would have a hassle to prove that you dont owe.I recommend that you file your 2012 tax return even if you wont get a refund, both because it is your legal duty, and to prevent future problems.However, if you want a refund of the program, contact customer service during the week. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n  


I've done my taxes with Turbotax for years (I want to say the past 5 or 6 years). I didn't pay the extra fee earlier when I was completing my taxes to maintain these records on Turbotax, but am interested now. Is there a way to do this? I'm not seeing it as an option...?  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


I am getting an error message when trying to pay using my debit card. it is complaining about the state and zip code length. But I am selecting a state from a drop down and I am using a 5 digit zip code 02115.  

Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365887-credit-card-payment-problem-message-says-shippinginfomodel...  


Please help!  

See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2964818-i-upgraded-to-windows-10-and-my-turbotax-program-disappear... 


Is keeps saying that it did but it hasn't  Can you place it in the products section Also, I had to pay for it.. I would like that corrected.  

duplicate postThis is not Live Chat, but rather a user discussion forum.  TT Support is closed today (Sunday).  


I'm signed on to my Turbo Tax account, but its not letting me upgrade so I can see older tax returns  

If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


efiled and accepted april 3, direct deposit expected, no refund as of june 13!  

Once the tax return has been received and accepted by the IRS, then only they can tell you the status of the tax refund.  You need to speak directly with an IRS agent.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I have saved emails from 2009, 2010, 2011 from TurboTax Tax that confirm my filings and that I also logged into turbo Tax each year and saved them online  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


It seems like I'm being taxed twice by doing this.  

No.  Only enter it in one place.  Only enter anything in one place.  


Need your help contesting the State Dept of Revenue.  

If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\n\n\n\n  


If it cannot wait until I file taxes next year, when do I need to pay and how do I calculate how much?  

Yes you can wait, but you might end up owing a lot of tax due and maybe some penalty for not paying some during the year.How much did you take out?If you are under 59 1/2 there will be a 10% early withdrawal penalty unless you have an exception.In fact you can lose up to 50% or more to taxes and penalties.One thing you can do instead of making an estimated payment is to increase your withholding at work to help cover it.  


The system states that the IRS rejected my return, I paid for it from my debit card and need a copy of my state taxes for 2015 and 2014. It will not let me access them.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470575 \n\n\n\n\n\n  


My wife and I filed our 2015 taxes together under my account. She is trying to log onto her account and get her 2014 return and it is telling her she has to pay for it. When she tries to pay for it, it makes her fill out her 2015 taxes. What is up????  

Since she started a return the program has no way of knowing that it was filed under a different account so just ignore the friendly reminders. As to accessing the prior year return ... since she didnt file or pay for a 2015 program under her account then you have 2 options.1) pay for the 2015 program to unlock the prior year returnsYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.2) contact TT support on Monday and have them unlock the return since she did file with another accountUse the following\nTurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is\nopen Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to\n5 p.m. Pacific \n\n\n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call.\n\nThere will be some\npersonal information gathered so a case can be created for you. A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call\noption will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


i'm trying to avoid paying the IRS and waiting 10 business days....when all i need is an online copy in order to forward to my lawyer. i've filed my taxes with turbotax during that whole time, wouldn't they have it in a file somewhere?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


why is the electronic version of entries different than printed version? completed box 206, shows electronically but not on printed version.  

No. Fees charged within an IRA are not deductible at all.  


I am a zumba instructor and want to know if I can claim zumba apparel that I wear for class as an advertising deduction?  Can it be considered brand advertising?  Its pretty funky and would never be used as regular everyday clothing.  It would not be considered a uniform since its not mandatory that I wear it.  But it certainly advertises the brand.I teach as an independent contractor (Not W-2).  

A uniform doesnt need to be mandatory to be deductible, it just needs to be not adaptable to ordinary street wear.  If it meets that requirement it would be deductible. 


Wondering if it has anything to do with Box 26 on the T3 that has Other Income? TurboTax seems to think I have self employment income, but I dont.  

Normally, a QDRO (Qualified Domestic Relations Order) directs that the payments be made by the beneficiarys  plan directly to the other spouse.  The US Department of Labor explains it this way:  "A domestic relations order can be a QDRO only if it creates or recognizes the existence of an alternate payees right to receive, or assigns to an alternate payee the right to receive, all or a part of a participants benefits. For purposes of the QDRO provisions, an alternate payee cannot be anyone other than a spouse, former spouse, child, or other dependent of a participant."In doing so, the plan would issue separate Forms 1099-R to both payees.  It would be taxable to you to the same extent it would have been taxable to your husband.  


entered a loss from a K1 and not showing up in 1040  

Enter in all of your other information, THEN enter your K-1 and see what happens.By entering it first, it just gives you negative income, which has no current tax benefit.  After you enter your other income, the loss on the K-1 will USUALLY lower your income tax.  If you already owe no income tax at all, a further loss will usually not change anything, because you are already not paying any income tax.  


My only payments in 2015 were my down payment, so I'm not sure that I need to file anything home-related for my 2015 taxes.  I am also curious about any tax credits/benefits I might get as a first-time home-buyer in 2015.  Thanks!  

As a single filer you already get a standard deduction amount of $6,300. ($12,600 married )All of your itemized deductions would have to be more then that to be of benefit to you. That would include home expenses of mortgage interest property taxes and points paid,charitable deductions,medical expenses over 10% of AGI and other misc items.  The closing papers that you got show any property taxes paid for time you owned the house and your would have received a 1098 for interest and points paid. There are no federal tax credits for home purchase in 2015.  


I just need copies of my filed 2015 taxes I'm buying a house and need  a copy sedan it in my email please  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Live in NY if that is relevant.  

Go ahead and E-file it now. 


turbo tax said because I had filed the taxes on time the error the irs was finding would not effect my filing as i had filed with turbo tax on time. the irs says because the did not accept it until april 30 that now i  am late. how do i find the date i filed with turbo tax?  

If you filed on 4/18 you had 5 days to fix the error and resend the return OR mail in the return to be considered timely filed. So it sounds like you did file late and the penalty is valid. Heres how to print out\nproof of all the e-filing activity related to your return, including the\nElectronic Postmark:\n\nTurboTax Online \nSimply go through the steps to check\nyour e-file status online to retrieve your filing status\nhistory. You can then capture a screenshot or print it out. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2902040-where-do-i-print-off-a-proof-of-transmittance\n\n TurboTax CD/Download software\n\n1.    First,\nopen your return.\n\n2.    Then,\nfrom File menu\nin TurboTax, select Electronic\nFiling > Show Electronic Filing Status History (Windows)\nor Check\nE-Filing Status (Mac).\n\n3.    Click Print.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I had received a letter from Michigan Department of Treasury, Discovery and Tax Enforcing Division, P.O.30771, Lasing, MI48909, and require me sending the W2 for reviewing. I am waiting for my state refund for 2 months already. I am worry it is a scam.  

Suggest you call the treasury to make sure that the request is legit --- there are a lot of scams but these are mostly federal/IRS related. But a  state one is possible. Just call and confirm -- look up the phone number from  the secretary of State.  


I believe our taxes were calculated correctly, this seems like an attempt to get more money out of us when we've already paid what we owed.  

The IRS, after some recent legislation, is sending identical bills (and notices) to both taxpayers on the return.  The legislation was in response to some separated taxpayers claiming they were never billed for amounts that resulted in liens years later.Just pay one of them.(A different issue is whether any amount is due.  In such a notice, the IRS states why the additional amount is due.  What did the notice say?)  


The question has been posted on 6/5/16 at 8:07am . Have not received any response as of 6/12/16 5PM  

Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365669-capitol-loss-carry-over-from-the-2014-tax-return-was-not-a... 


how do i get them  

TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n  


This is a non registered RSP investment  

I dont understand your question. Are you asking if you need to do to submit your Federal tax return in order to get a refund?  


I have used you for several years  

If you actually started a tax return using the online editions, then see this TurboTax support FAQ for completing a tax return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDTo complete and file your prior year returns using TurboTax you will need to purchase and download the desktop editions for the years you need to complete from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/For tax year 2015 you can use either the online editions or the desktop editions.TurboTax online editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/TurboTax desktop editions for the current tax year - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 


2015 Taxable Income is $105,703 and Turbo Tax Tax shown is $27,828. Using IRS Tax Table for 2015 computes Tax as $18,013 ($105,703 x .25) - ($8,412)  

See instructions for Line 44 beginning on page 41 here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf  


This is a pain i have to start over....Ugh not customer friendly at all.  I keep getting the error: Spouses occupation has too many characters but i did not enter it at all.  i am not doing a joint file.  

Go back to Personal Info, and make sure you didnt accidentally enter anything in the Spouse section there. 


I used 1040nr-ez to file the tax of 2015, but I have spouse and a child...Will 1040nr help to get more tax return? What should I do now since it's June already...Thanks you!  

Turbotax does not support Form 1040NR. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040nr.pdf 


proof my children are disable , i worked doing small landscapes, mowing , all diffrent side jobs , can u please find out from irs ... for me  

No one on this public forum can intercede on your behalf with the IRS. When the IRS asks for certain items it is best to respond timely and completely. If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n  


Do I have to pay taxes on my entire income or only on my winnings in that state?  

Only the winnings.  File a non resident return and allocate only the winnings to that state.  


I\nentered a Residential Rental Property purchased 9/13/2000 for $48,255\nless $7238 for land=net $41,017 to depreciate.  Turbo tax calculated\n$1491 for depreciation in 2015, but does not calculate the prior\ndepreciation for the years from 2000 to 2014.  How do I fix this?  

Did you review the depreciation worksheet ?   The prior year accumulated depreciation is  listed on that worksheet ...  it is the only one that prints in landscape format.  


I inherited IRAs from each of my parents, took regular distributions for several years, and then took the remainder in a lump sum. Now, several years later, I look back and realize that the totals I got were less than the value of the funds when I inherited them.  

No.  Since the value went down, you simply end up paying less in taxes on distributions because there was less to distribute.  


Revenu Quebec wants me to submit forms TPF-1.X-V and TP-1029.TM-V.  They were not part of my file - how do I get these?  

I think I understand your question.How the 30% tax credit works.If you purchase a single or multiple products you can only get a maximum of $1,500 over the 2-year period (2009 & 2010). Basically you can spend up to $5,000 during this 2 year period on a single or multiple products, for your principal residence that you own and live in, and get 30% or $1,500 (30% of $5,000 = $1,500) back as a tax credit. If you get the entire $1,500 credit in 2009, then you CANNOT get anything additional in 2010.The Energy Credit is a non-refundable tax credit, which CANNOT reduce your tax liability to Less than zero (0). For Example, say your tax liability (amount you owe) is $1000 before the credit then your energy efficient credit cannot be greater than $1000. So if you Tax Credit was $1500 and you and you owed $1000 on your 2010 Tax Return the Credit would only reduce the amount owed to Zero (0) and you would not receive the other $500 back as a refund.  Basically thats why its called a Non-Refundable Tax Credit.Just curious was the amount of your Home Energy Credit $2,786.67?  (30% or $2,786.67 is $836)  


How can I maximize deductions and also avoid paying too much in tax if I will make a base of 240K and bonus of 55K? Any help is appreciated. The harder I work, the more taxes eat into my earnings for my family.  

Seek qualified local assistance like a financial planner or tax accountant since to answer that question would need too much personal info from you and take way too long to answer.  And why would you want to take tax advice from some faceless person on a public forum.  With a base of 240K you can well afford to seek financial planning assistance.  


Im unable to reach Pro Review at the number provided in my invoice. The number no longer answers. How can I reach this service? If it is no longer offered, how can I get a refund on a service Im not able to use?  

IRS doesnt give a hard number, just refers to "general area" - see http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc511.html Since moves of a whole household of under 50 miles are generally not deductible, its unlikely theyd be sympathetic.(Having myself lived in SoCal and known many with 100+ mile daily commutes, I wouldnt).  


The Problem is that turbo tax deluxe doesn't provide a separate form to report this income and I don't see a place to add it?  

To enter a Schedule K-1 using the online editions you will need to upgrade to either the Premier or Home and Business edition.To enter a Schedule K-1 - \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Business Items (Business Investment and Estate/Trust Income using Home and Business)\nOn Schedule K-1, click on the start or update button\nOr see this TurboTax support FAQ on entering a Schedule K-1 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900938-where-do-i-enter-a-k-1-that-i-received  


I found out that i missed my 1098-T while filing last year tax, can i edit it and how?  

Did you use the Online version?  Heres how to amendhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4452517  


I entered all the details of home costs and the percent of the total space used by my office and the "calculated deduction" that came up was very close to the total running for the entire home!!! Is this software problems???  

Grants are taxable income when used for nonqualiifying education purposes.  Room and board and loan payoff are nonqualifying education expensesmore infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Paying-Qualified-Education-Expenses-with-Grants-or-Scholarships/GEN80525.html?_requestid=2867http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Education/What-are-Qualified-Education-Expenses-/GEN80422.html?_requestid=2872  


For example, let say I make 100k with Amazon and I decided to open a food truck which cost me 50k in the same year. Can I deduct that 50k from 100k I made from Amazon assuming that I dont make any money from the food truck business?will I end up paying tax only for the other 50k income from Amazon. Thank You and sorry for my English.  

You will need to file a Schedule C for each business that you operate, unless they are being operated under the same name or LLC.You might be able to fully depreciate your new work truck under a 179 accelerated depreciation basis.  (Check with an accountant on that)  This will create a loss from that food truck business.  If the truck is leased, you can not depreciate it, only deduct the monthly payments as rental property.If you are filing separate schedule Cs for each business, the loss on the new business should offset the profit on the other business.  


you will be send an email with download info. I am still waiting and waiting, can anyone tell me when I am actually going to get the email I was told a max 24 hour,  

That does not mean that anything is wrong with your refund necessarily. In early February, the IRS had a minor issue with one of their computer systems. This resulted in them having to restart the processing of the affected tax returns. The Refund Cycle Chart (where the estimated dates come from) is an estimate of the amount of time that it takes to receive a refund. Any processing issues may delay the refund beyond those dates.  


Should I get a new loan on my mortgage if my spouse is deceased and my name is on the deed?  

I am sorry to hear about your loss.As long as you are on the deed,  and you pay the mortgage, you can continue to claim the mortgage interest deduction on your federal return.Note that the first year of the death of the decedant, you still file joint return and thereafter ( without any dependents to qualify ) you file as single unless you remarry ( applicable to both conditions above )  


I am a full-time college student. I started a services business (sole proprietorship). Because it is a services business, there is no inventory and I have kept the expenses low; the main expense has been gas to get to client's houses. I did not pay myself any direct salary but I have been drawing on my business profit  to pay for school tuition, rent, gas, food, and other expenses. I did not have any other income for the year. So, I have no W2. I am confused about what to put on line 7 and line 12 of form 1040. 1. Do I declare what I spent on non-business related (e.g. personal) stuff, that is the tuition, rent, gas, food, etc. as wages and put them on line 7  of 1040?2. And, do I report all of my net profit before these personal expenses (less than $4800) and put it on line 12?3. Or, do I leave the wages as zero and just report line 12?  

For a sole proprietorship you do not pay yourself so you don't report anything on line 7 wages (unless you get a W2 from a job).  For self employment/sole proprietor you just fill out Schedule C (flows to line 12).  The Net Profit or Loss is your personal income.  You don't expense anything you pay to yourself or spend on personal expenses.  So #1 is NO#2 what is 4800?  On Schedule C you enter your total gross income and then enter just your business expenses.  That is your Net Profit or Loss which goes to line 12.#3. Yes, nothing for line 7.  Just line 12 which comes from Schedule C.  


Having difficulties paying for tax return despite using a valid credit card  

TurboTax does have a FAQ about that issue.  See if this info is helpful to you:FAQ: ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


i have logged in but dont know how to access more than my tax refund it wont show my tax info i entered.. like my yearly income etc,  

If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a copy of your filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to troubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


In 2016 my wife is 70 and required to start receiving SS ($2215 monthly) and take mandatory withdrawls ($1200-$1500 monthly) from her IRA. How do I use 2015 turbo tax returns to see what my taxes might be without having to enter all of 2015 info plus the new SS benefits and IRA withdraws?  

use the what-if  feature  


The IRS website says my return is being processed but Turbo Tax says it was accepted. I filed on January 20th and still haven't received anything.  

If the IRS website still says processing, then since its been so long, you can phone the IRS to see what you can learn.  IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you dont get good info from the IRS, you could consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate for your area.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6  


I run a small services business, and one of the services that I offer is to a friend who pays me to check his email and mail packages of items he sells on the internet. My friend pays for and provides the inventory, he pays for the shipping costs and the envelopes. All I do is package the item (which are in m garage) and send them out. I do pay for my own gas, printer ink, and shipping tape. My friend pays me by how many items I send out.Last year, my work for him totaled $250 because I started this late in that year.My friend originally asked me to do this when he was out of the country last year (doing a PeaceCorps-like project), but now he is back and living in another part of the state. So, he continues to pay me to do this task.  However, this service for this friend is quite different from my other services which are home maintenance and pet services. Because it is so different from my main services, I wonder if I might actually be either an employee or a statutory employee.Furthermore, my friend did not provide any W-2 nor 1099. He just said for me to report it on my income taxes but was unable to specify where.  He has not taken out any FICA nor other taxes.So, am I an employee and if so, what type?  Then, I assume I must file a second Schedule C for this income.Or, can I add this to my business income as I originally offered it as a service to him even though it is very different from the other services I offer?  

Situation described is entered as Self-Employment. (Statutory employees get a W-2) ...Yes, you should have a second Schedule C with income/expenses only for this activity ...  


I had a tax deduction for lack of health insurance when I was insured 11 of 12 months out of the year (i.e., less than 3 months).  I'm under the impression I shouldn't have had that deduction taken away.  I have already submitted my 2015 return.  Do I need to amend it to reflect this?  

If you didnt complete the Health Insurance section correctly to report the months you did have insurance then amending the return is the correct way to fix the mistake.  First look on the form 1040 line 61 ... did you have a penalty applied?  If not you are good.  If you did then amend.If youve already filed your tax return and then discovered information that needs to\nbe updated or changed, your next step is to wait to see if the IRS accepts the original\ntax return before you do anything else.\n\n        \nIf the IRS accepts your current year tax\nreturn, submit an amended 2015 tax return to correct mistake.  Note,\nit is recommended that you also wait\nuntil you receive your refund, if one is due, before you file the\namendment.\n\n        \nIf the IRS rejects your current year tax return, youll\nhave the opportunity to fix the mistake using TurboTax and then e-file the\ncorrected version.\n\n        \nTo check the\nstatus of your tax return, use the Wheres my Refund tool\nprovided by the IRS in the following link.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds \n\nImportant: To learn more about amending your tax\nreturn, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-return\n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nWhat\ndoes it mean to amend a return?\n\n        \nDo\nI Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill\namending delay my original tax refund?\n\n        \nWhat\nis the deadline for filing an amended return?\n\n        \nCan\nI e-file my 1040X to amend my return?\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


My husband is military and we are supposed to be moving next month. I filed an injured spouse form about 3 weeks ago and I put my sisters address down as the address to mail the check to since we won't be living here. Well there was a falling out with my sister and I'm worried if the check goes to her that she'll just throw it away. Is there a way I can have it mailed to a different address?  

You can complete and mail a change of address form. Here is a link for it: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8822.pdf  


It says I've paid.  It says all I've got to do is file by mail.  I print file by mail.  Nothing happens.  

Its not clear exactly what you are doing.  Are you going through the steps in the FILE section to file by mail?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-onlineAre you trying to file a Federal return by mail?  And when you go through the steps it ends in a blank page?Do you also have a State return?   If so, it may be set to efile.  Change the state return from efile to file by mail, and then see if you can proceed with the Federal file by mail. 


I have used turbo tax for my 2015 return. I did it with CD/software. however i want to retrieve 2014 tax return from my timeline, it asked to upgrade. I don't want to upgrade because I have done my 2015 taxes. can i just pay to get my 2014 return? please help me  

If you purchased 2015 desktop software, you will not have to pay again to unlock your 2014 online return.  Your 2015 purchase will qualify.   But you will have to phone TurboTax Support and tell them about your software purchase and ask them to unlock the 2014 return.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


doing return from a foreign country, above lines are showing "zero values" so it says CANNOT e-file, but how do I get to these particular lines to see if I can fix something (or are they so, because my entire income is not from US and fully exempt)?  

A tax return with no taxable income being reported cannot be e-filed.  Filing a return with a Foreign Earned Income Exclusion you would need to add $1 of interest income so the return can be e-filed.  Use any name for the payer of the interest on the Form 1099-INT and enter $1 in box 1 of the form.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nUnder Interest and Dividends\nOn Interest on 1099-INT, click the start or update button\n  


Do not want overpayment refunded so trying to apply to 2016 but program will not let me.  

This is 2016 you can not claim anything till Jan 30 2017 you are in 2015! That is the documents you need and everything will be fine but you cant claim 2016 till next year!  


I have received the status as  delay in processing your tax return and your expected refund date may have changed.with 1121 code. I filed my returns in January and today is 6/13/2016. It`s like waiting for so long and i dont understand why its taking so long. I have planned a lot on this returns and still didn`t receive them.  

First --\nverify that your returns have been filed and accepted --\n then check the fed & state web sites to see where you are in the\nprocess-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on\nthis Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax\nsupport article on checking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/When-Can-I-Expect-My-Refund%3F\n\n\n\nIf its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n  


I live in a foreign country. The automatic 2-month extension brings me to June 15 filing deadline. I am now going to mail in Form 4868 to extend further.Part II (Individual Income Tax) on Form 4868 includes:4 Estimate of total tax liability !! How can I estimate this? I only know what tax I owe, and have already paid, on income earned in America. I don't know what percentage of my foreign earned income I owe to the IRS. Therefore I have just written down how much I owed (line 4) and how much I've already paid (line 5) for my income earned in USA. I am also planning on taking the foreign income exclusion, because I will qualify by June 20, 2016.  

Use your best guess and make sure to check the box on line 8. \n\n\n\n  


I would have three sources of retirement income; Quebec Basic Retirement Plan for my wife and I, RESP and Quebec Provincial pension.  In what fields do I put the numbers in order to get an approximate model of tax to pay?  Thanks.  

go to www.irs.gov and click on the free file icon.  


See above  

If you are using the Turbo Tax program to complete the return then look at the form 1040 and the 2 numbers you need will be on lines 63 & 74.  You can peek at only  the form 1040 by going here:My Account >> Tools >> View Tax Summary >> Preview 1040To view your entire return using the online editions (including the state) before you file, you will need to pay for your online account.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this year's return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


Need to know if I need to file estimates so can use early software and let updates take place balance of year  

The  2015 program it will give you the 1040ES estimates for 2016.  \n\nYou can print and mail a\nForm 1040-ES that was created by the TurboTax personal editions.\n\n        \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\n\n        \nClick on Other Tax Situations\n\n        \nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\n\n        \nOn Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click the start or update\nbutton\n\nOn the next screen, click\non No.\n\nOn the next screen, click\non Yes\n\nHere are\nthe 1040ES instructions and blank forms (where to mail is on page 5)\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf\n\nYou can also make estimated\ntax payments using Direct Pay or the other options on the IRS payment website\n- http://www.irs.gov/Payments\n\n \n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I earned all my money outside of the US.  How do I file the 2555 or 2555-EZ form using TurboTax?  

To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


I amended my taxes and have not yet received my refund, and I need to view my amended tax form.  

Since the amended return must be mail in ... did you mail the amended return ?  If you didnt do so now. If you did then wait 3 weeks and check here : https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5281792  


thank you for your help.  

This is a public user community forum, so we wont know if you filed your returns, but we can tell you how to check.  Part of your question was cut off, so its not clear what you were going to ask about printing.If you cant find your 2015 returns, you may have multiple accounts and are signing into the wrong one.  Ill tell you how to troubleshoot that at the end of this message.If you efiled the return, you can use this tool at the link below to check that it was successfully efiled and accepted.  If you chose to file it by mail, then you are the one who would have had to mail it.If efiled, what do you see here?https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf youre getting a refund from South Carolina, heres how to track it:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2897235-how-do-i-track-my-south-carolina-tax-refundIf you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


if I could speak to a representative that would be great my number is [remove]  

If you filed your tax return and requested direct deposit of your tax refund but entered an incorrect routing number then the bank will reject the deposit and return the refund to the IRS.  The IRS will then send your refund as a check in the mail to the address you entered on your tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


how can I find 2015 return lost off computer was e filed  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I use my credit card to pay for two standard tax online forms.I hit the button twice for payment. How do l get my money back?  

If you made the rollover without receiving the check ("trustee to trustee"), the transaction was not a "taxable event" and therefore is not reportable on your return.  


How can I get copies?  

You can print them from this IRS web site: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfIf you dont know or dont remember the amount of payments to make each quarter, you can log in to your account, open your tax return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Skip the W-4 screen. 


I need a copy of my 2013 and 2014 returns to print.  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I had to paper file my federal tax returns along with my wife's ITIN application. Now I printed out state tax returns from Turbotax and was going to mail them. Then, on the first page, Turbotax gave me a statement "New York State requires this income tax return to be filed electronically" ... what should I do now?  

Just mail them.  You can not efile a state return unless the federal was efiled.  Its a new security measure this year.  Just ignore that statement about New York.  


it only prints the first 19 pages but my other years have 141 pages  

Download the PDF of your tax return to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to talk to a person because my college needs my 2015 taxes for school.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


Filing late state and federal returns for 2013, 2014 and 2015.  For each year, I will be due refunds which will be applied as estimated taxes for period 1 of the following year.  Am I correct in thinking the refunds, though applied to the following year, are not reportable as income until I receive the associated 1099-Gs in January 2017 (reportable TY2016)?  After all, that would be the case if I chose to receive cash back, rather than applying it to the following years payments.  They are being applied to the following year to reduce interest on the underpayment of estimated taxes.Seems like TurboTax is reporting the refunds as taxable the following year, as they likely would have been had I filed on time - do I need to override and enter zero as the state tax refunds until I receive the 1099Gs in Jan 2017?  

Yes, all the refunds received in 2016 are taxed in 2016 even if they are applied to the next tax year. What you have to do is adjust or remove the automatic transferring of the prior year state refund since you are completing several at the same time.  


I need a call back ASAP from you all  [remove]  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


How much does turbo tax charges to file taxes  

The fees depend on which product (online or CD/download) and which version you select. You can see the fees at turbotax.com under the tab Products & Pricing. Note with the online product the federal and state fees are separate. The fee is the same whether you print and mail your return or efile it. With the CD/download product, state is included with all versions but Basic. The is an additional fee to efile the state return. Here is a link to turbotax.com: https://turbotax.intuit.com/ 


I received an email stating you were going to take funds from my checking account.  I did not authorize you to take money from my account.  What i did authorize was funds be taken from my tax return.  I believe it is illegal to take funds from my account without my authorization.  

If your refund is delayed, you did authorize alternate payment.  It was in the fine print.  If you want to make other arrangements you can call customer support.  


Why am I being charged to file my federal refund?  

TurboTax Free Federal\nOnline edition is for simple tax situations that can be reported on Forms\n1040EZ or Form 1040A.\n\nIt is possible that you\nhave a form, income, deduction or credit that cant be reported using these\nforms.  At that point in the program you\nwould have been prompted to upgrade to the level that could handle your\nsituation.\n\nAfter signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I can't figure out how to send a simple email to customer support.  

If you have not filed or paid for the TurboTax online account, you can remove MAX by using the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924448-can-i-remove-maxIf you have used the procedure from the support FAQ but the option for MAX cannot be removed, then you will need to contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number  


I received a 1095-C, do I need to amend my 2015 taxes or can I include this with next years filing?  

A Form 1095-C is not reported on a federal tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a Form 1095-C - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920031-what-s-a-form-1095-c  


Do I need to amend my 2015 taxes or can I include the 1099-C in next years taxes?  

You must amend 2015.  You may not include a 2015 form on the 2016 tax return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5225451\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Because I sent what they requested from my employer, I was then told they had no record of that employer. They have yet to acknowledge a 1098-T. Closed this case without even looking - I sent proof of car ownership (not that it's not in database) nope - not my car bc my daughter or husband (joint return and legal dependent) is on the receipt for oil change. I have given all they requested and NOT received due process (probably bc they requested about 500 pages of stuff including proof to prove the initial proof - then laziness didn't want to look at all that) WHAT CAN I DO TO MAKE SOMEONE WITH AUTHORITY CHECK THIS IRS AGENT COMPETENCE OR WILLINGNESS TO WORK FAIRLY WITHOUT DISCRIMINATION, ABUSE OF A SYSTEM?  

Dealing with an audit or auditor can be difficult and confusing so get some help .... \n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOr you can ask for help from\nthe Tax Payer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


Hello, I need to calculate my 2015 GROSS income (not AGI - adjusted gross income) using my W2 and/or 1040EZ. My understanding is that my GROSS income would be my AGI plus my 401k deferments/deductions, and my health insurance premiums that were also deducted pre-tax.401k deferments are listed in box 12a, using code D. But where is health insurance deductions? This is the last number I need to calculate my gross income from last year.  

For that amount you will have to look at your last pay stub because the amount in box 12 code DD will include the total cost paid by you and your employer.  


I dont know how to get Franchise Tax Board to understand they made a mistake.  

The wording of that first sentence, Withheld $11K from real estate sale and Franchise Tax Board failed to include it in tax return, makes it sound like you somehow expected the FTB to report the $11K on your income tax return.  You did include the $11K withholding on the California income tax return you prepared and submitted to the state, didnt you?If you included the $11K in your income tax return and the FTB said, in effect, no, you dont have a credit in your account for that $11K, then you have to present evidence to the FTB that you are in fact entitled to that credit.  Im sure whatever letter you received from the FTB with the demand for additional taxes also provided a return address and an identification code to use if you disagree with their conclusion.  You need to mail in evidence that the $11K was withheld from the proceeds of your sale.  Be sure to keep copies of all your correspondence, including supporting documentation.  This might take some back-and-forth between you and the FTB to resolve if the amount was credited to the wrong account for some reason.Tom Young  


Im trying to get approved for a loan, but they require these documents.  Im unsure how to gain access to them.  

I need copies of 2015 and 2014 tax returns, how do I do this  


IRS says status pending on refund (turned in and accepted on April 15th). IRS just sends me through an automated response that says it's pending. Turbo tax help line says to contact the IRS. Not sure what to do... Also, Turbo Tax is about to hit us with a $90 charge Friday due to the extended time line.  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


I need this for[remove names]  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


Here is the link to the letter that I have received, https://imgur.com/o9KCbUt  

Oh, that is for withholding.  CA has a big problem with that right now.  They are suppose to be sending out new letters about it.  So I would first wait a week or so and see if yours gets cleared up.Calif FTB knows they've messed this up for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml  


I've been getting this error: shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14;Any thoughts?  

See this TurboTax support FAQ for a workaround for this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online  


I have a T4A-NR form showing gross income and Canadian taxes paid.  I'm looking for a refund as I already did my federal US taxes and paid them on this income.  I need access to forms T1 2015, Schedule A, Schedule B and Schedule S.  

This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca 


the act of offering of a dishonest service to solve a problem that wouldn't otherwise exist without the enterprise offering the service  

Alternatively, you think that turbotax should provide an expensive service, supported by hundreds of tax professionals, programmers and customer support staff, to you personally for free* forever (where, just like like everything else in life, free really means somebody else pays.)Your files are never deleted but they may be locked.Turbotax operates on a subscription model.  If you file for free, your tax information is available to freely download until October 15 of the year you file.  If you pay to file, your tax information is available to download until October 15 of the next tax season.  As long as you continue to pay for the Turbotax service, you continue to extend access to all your past years tax returns.  If you stop using turbotax (or stop paying for it) you can lose access to past years returns unless you are willing to pay a fee to unlock your access.You have to take responsibility for your own financial information.  Turbotax does not and never has valid copies of W-2s for income verification.  It can use your W-2 info to pre-fill your tax return, but if you want a valid copy of your W-2 for income verification you should save the copy that your employer gives you.  You always have the option to download your tax data and PDFs of your tax return up until the expiration date, and every taxpayer should do that.If you need prior year tax and wage information you can get it from the IRS or the Social Security Administration, for fees ranging from free to $60, depending on what you need.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/tax-return-transcript-types-and-ways-to-order-themhttps://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3836/how-can-i-get-a-copy-of-my-wage-and-tax-sta...  


I am interested in setting up a business as an independent contractor in FL where I will have instate and out-of-state clients. Would the business that I conduct outside of FL be taxed by those states or would all business income be taxed only by FL and only have to pay FL taxes? Would I also have to pay for ex. GA income taxes on the income if there is pass through? What classifies out of state work?  

See if this helps:http://dor.myflorida.com/Forms_library/current/gt800017.pdf  


I was asked to pay for both state and federal plus the additional charge for you to represent me should there be a problem. There was a problem and when I called I was given a run around and not offered help with the IRS. I should not have to pay for federal return because it is free with the state return being charged and the $60 fee for your representing me with the IRS which you did not do.  I went to the IRS alone without any guidance from you or your representative.  I went to the IRS alone and paid them the amount I found due when I re-did my taxes.  You messed up and I dont think I should be responsible for any fees due you.jim  

Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/  


My home state is Missouri, although I have not lived there since 2013. However, I did receive 1099 dividends (a small amount) in 2015.  

Read the rules here :  http://dor.mo.gov/personal/nonresident/  


I work as an Owner Operator for an  RV Transport Company, taxes are not taken out.  I receive a Settlement Sheet after each trip showing what income is taxable and not taxable.  Is there a program I can use to help me manage my taxes, expenses etc?  

If you are an independent contractor, which it appears you are, then unless you have a source of income from which taxes are withheld, (e.g., you spouse works as an employee and receives paychecks, paychecks that are reduced by the withholding of state and federal taxes), you probably should be making quarterly estimated tax payments.As to your question of whether you can pay taxes at the end of the year or not, its one of those questions that depends on your individual situation.  It certainly can be perfectly right and proper to owe the IRS a large amount of taxes when you send in your income tax return, but generally you want to avoid being underpaid, (a piece of tax jargon with a specific legal definition), and incurring underpayment penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of           a)90% of the tax for the current year, or            b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last years return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then change that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you (or your spouse) have a job and can make your withholdings paid in 2062 amount to 100%/110% of last years tax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You might still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you wont be assessed penalties.If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck or simply cant have enough taxes withheld to get into one of these underpayment safe harbors then estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, September 15 and January 15th of next year). You can go back to your 2015 income tax return and work through the Form W-4 and estimated \ntaxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In that \ninterview youll enter your best estimates of what your 2016 income tax \nreturn will look like: income, deductions, filing status, exemptions, \nany income taxes withheld, any estimated taxes you might have already \npaid, etc.  TurboTax will figure out the alternatives that get you in \none or another of the safe harbors that will prevent the imposition of\n underpayment penalties and will prepare the Form(s) 1040-ES you mail in with your payment.Tom Young  


Clearly stated  

Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information. 


The letter I received is at home, but it stated to get a hold of someone regarding the taxes.  My computer is not working currently at home, but I had a few moments at work to write in regards to the letter.  

TT usually sends emails but they may also send a letter ....call TT by phone if needed...see link below.TurboTax is committed to\nprotecting your personal information. If we detect that certain types of your\ninformation are being used in more than one account, well notify you to make\nsure that you recognize the activity.\n\nWe recommend using the same\naccount each year so your information can be automatically transferred to your\nnew return, saving you the time and hassle of data entry.\n\nHere are some of the\nreasons you may have received this email:\n\n        \nYou have used TurboTax in the past and are using a different account\nthis year. This can include moving from our Desktop product to our Online\nproduct.\n\n        \nYou changed your filing status from last year, and for that\nreason, are filing with a different TurboTax account this year.\n\n        \nYou have created multiple TurboTax accounts this year, or in\nprior years.\n\n        \nYou file as Married Filing Separate, with you and your spouse\nhaving different TurboTax accounts.\n\n        \nYou have filed for dependents, or another family member, in the\npast and the email is referring to their personal information.\n\nIf you have not taken any\nof the actions noted above, it may indicate that someone is trying to use your\ninformation to file a tax return. Please Contact Us and\none of our agents can assist you.\n\nLearn more about\nhow TurboTax safeguards your data.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy\ncant I find my return in the Tax Timeline?\n\n        \nForgot\nyour TurboTax Online User ID or password?\n\n          Help Me Recover My TurboTax Account\n\n\n\n  


where to send return? wa?  

The address will be on the instruction page when you print the return.  


\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI am the administrator of an estate for which I need to file\ntwo years worth of taxes. Because the estate was in litigation, there was a\nlarge legal fees expense during the first tax year and hardly any during the\nsecond tax year. Conversely, there was little income during the first tax year\nand a $40k capital gains income the second year after selling stock to\ndistribute to the beneficiaries.  I have\nthe following questions: Can legal fees be considered final year deductions?\nAlternatively, can the excess of legal fee losses from one tax year be\ntransferred to the following year? I need to close out the estate account and I\nwould be grateful for any advice.  

Can legal fees be considered final year deductions?Not by themselves.  However, they would contribute to excess deductions on termination of an estate or trust just like any other administration expense would, and would be deductible by beneficiaries in the final year of the estate.Alternatively, can the excess of legal fee losses from one tax year be\ntransferred to the following year?Again, not by themselves.  However, they could be part of a net operating loss that would carryforward to the second year.  A net operating loss is deductible by an estate the same as by other taxpayers. 


We need to change line 64  reduce the amount by  $1,000.00 , we also need to change line 65 from 0 to $1,000.00 to reflect the estimated tax payments made. Line 64 was submitted with both witholded and estimated tax payments.  

You dont need to amend for that ... this is something the IRS will correct automatically for you.  


In attempting to geet my 2014 return, the website said I would need to pay first. Following that link, I found myself filling out information on a new return. Now, if I attempt to go to my previous returns, I get redirected to the current return and cant get around it..  

There must be a question you didnt answer.   I had the same thing happen.  


I live in Israel- what can I do to file an extension?  

Only\nif you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8.  


How do I pay my fee since my federal check was garnished?  

Go to this TurboTax website to pay the fees - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/  


cc ending in 5243 please confirm  

If you paid with your own credit card then contact TT support directly ... \n\nYou will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.  


I'm on a OPT work-permit. Medicare and social security tax taken away from my paycheck from my employer, but I recently found out that they shouldn't have done that. How do I get reimbursed for 2015?  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5210842 


Is it possible to file my return online at this time?  

If you did not itemize your deductions on your federal return last year, then you do not report the refund from SC on your federal income tax return this year.If you itemized last year and took the state sales tax deduction instead of the state income tax deduction, then you do not report the refund from SC on your federal income tax return this year.If you itemized last year and IF you also took the state income tax deduction, then the amount of the refund you received from SC is reported as income on your 1040 this year because you deducted too much for your SC state tax withholdings on your return last year.  On the other hand, since you had to pay more than your NC withholdings to NC, your itemized deduction last year for your NC state tax withholdings was too low, so you get to claim the extra tax you paid to NC last year as a deduction on your 1040 this year.It all works out in the end.  


I've been withholding an estimated amount each paycheck and keeping it in a separate bank account. I've never been in a situation where my employers didn't withhold it for me so I'm kind of at a loss.  

https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc756.htmlhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p926/ar02.html  


After creating the amended return (in TurboTax), and saving the file and printing it, I mailed it the day after I did the e-filing.I have the file as an acrobat file, but TurboTax doesn't seem to 'remember' doing the amendment.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5281792  


Homestay for a 16 year old student from China for school year 2015-2016.  

Im not sure what you mean by border student [did you mean boarding student] or what the standard deduction of $254/week is, but if youre referring to an Exchange Student, thats not correct. From\nIRS Publication 526 on charitable contributions:\n\nYou\nmay be able to deduct some expenses of having a student live with you. You can\ndeduct qualifying expenses for a foreign or American student who:\n\n\nLives in\n     your home under a written agreement between you and a qualified\n     organization (defined later) as part of a program of the organization to\n     provide educational opportunities for the student,\nIs not\n     your relative (defined later) or dependent (also defined later), and\nIs a\n     full-time student in the twelfth or any lower grade at a school in the\n     United States.\n\n\nYou\ncan deduct up to $50 a month for each full calendar month the student lives\nwith you. Any month when conditions (1) through (3) above are met for 15 or\nmore days counts as a full month.\n\nQualified\norganization. For these purposes, a qualified organization can be any of the\norganizations described earlier under Organizations That Qualify To Receive\nDeductible Contributions, except those in (4) and (5). For example, if you are\nproviding a home for a student through a state or local government agency, you\ncannot deduct your expenses as charitable contributions. \n\nAlso\nYou cannot deduct the costs of a foreign student living in your home\nunder a mutual exchange program through which your child will live with a\nfamily in a foreign country. \n\nFor\ncharitable contributions, go to the deductions and credits tab and\nExplore on My Own.  They are\nlisted on the next page as Charitable Donations.\n\n  


probably used my moms email address, but diferent user id and password  

If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your\n2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to\nstart a new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and\nsigned into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover\naccounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1\nemail address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop. \nThen clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and\ngo to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I dont know my email address or User\nID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.\n\n\n\n\n\n 


I filed and got my return already  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I just leased a piece of equipment under an LLC that I am now going to dissolve.I am going to form another LLC, and would like to use this piece of equipment for this new LLC, but I have not formed the LLC yet. Since I have not claimed any use or operation of the equipment on the current LLC, can I transfer this piece of equipment over to my new LLC and fully deduct its expense once I form the LLC? I hear things about Section 179, being able to fully deduct the equipment, but can this apply if I obtained this lease prior to forming my new LLC?Lease terms:FMV 10%, 4 year lease, 10% down at the start. If you need more information to get me to an answer, or I need to do a better job at explaining, please ask. Thanks.  

Its unclear who the other partner in the multi-member llc was but Ill assume it was your spouse.  If so, and if there was no prior personal use of the equipment, you can transfer it over to the new llc and treat it as new business property.  In effect, it was purchased for business use and never used for anything else  If the other partner was other than your spouse, then one question would be how you converted the multi-owner property to being only your property.If the equipment was, for example, a motor vehicle used also for personal use a whole different scenario would apply.  


Its now saying that I owe $161 and my 1095-A was revised and some of the information is doubled.  

IRS has your tax return pending until you file the missing form Form 8962 and Page 2 of your updated Form 1040.It is not unusual in these cases to see your refund disappear and change to Tax Due.  


I want my money back. My parents' tax guy messed up and put my ssn on their tax return. They mailed the paperwork to get it fixed long before the ending of tax season. Well I tried to file my taxes through turbotax and it kept getting rejected. I file it through the mail and have NO issues what so ever. So now I paid $100 for a headache and a big mess.  

Yes once a SSN has been used (even if they amended their return to fix it) you can't efile.  It's already in the IRS database.  The fees are to prepare your return whether you efile OR print and mail.  It's not Turbo Tax's fault you couldn't efile.  


I work full time (W-2) and my wife works as self-employed. We want to pay estimated quarterly taxes for her self-employment, but we are not sure how to do this. Last year, we filed jointly, but she was not working at that time.When we have to pay quarterly estimated taxes, we have to fill the 1040-ES form. In that form we have to include her and my information (name, SSN), as there are two separate fields for this. These estimated taxes are from her self-employment (my employer withholds my taxes in every paycheck). My questions are:- Regardless of this payment being related to her self-employment, can/should I add my name first in the 1040-ES form? This is the way we have filed before (me as the primary, and her as the spouse)- I am planning to pay this by check, should I include my or her SSN in the check (or both).Thanks  

List the names on the 1040ES in the same order they were listed on the married filing jointly tax return. If you are signing the check, put your SSN on the check. The IRS does not designate the estimated payments for certain types of income or for either taxpayer on the joint tax return. When you file the return, the tax payments whether withholding or estimated payments will all be added together as tax payments.  


I used money I got from my 401k to do it  

Theres no tax deduction there.  You bought a house.  If you withdrew the money from a  401k it is subject to ordinary income tax plus a 10% penalty if you are under the age of 59-1/2.  You dont qualify for the first time homebuyer exception because you arent a first time buyer and because that is only available if you withdrew the money from an IRA, not a 401k.If you are now the only owner, you can deduct the mortgage interest and property taxes you pay, where in the past you could only deduct the share that you actually paid, now you can deduct them all.  


Call me [PII Removed]  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


if you can tell me which pages I need to print of the 113 that will work.  I don't want to print 113 pages if at all possible...  

113 pages includes all the worksheets.  If you have the .pdf version, you can print whatever selected pages you choose.  


how can I review my enters in my 2014 taxes  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


my name on the 2013 was  instead of just (what I had them change it to this tax year).(Personal info removed)  

After the 2013 filing season ended in 2014, a paper return via US Mail became your only option.Use the name on your current social security card ( or the name you are filing under now).  


I had to amend my tax return and ended up owing money. Is there any way to make monthly payments as opposed to lump sum like when you file originally? Do I have to contact the IRS for this?  

Apply for an installment plan here:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/online-payment-agreement-application  


hi there, i have 2 credit card charges re- turbo taxes. i believe i should only have one. can you please clarify?  

If you were somehow charged again for a 2014 product, Ill tell you how to phone TurboTax Support at the end of this message.   Instead of re-downloading the 2014 product from your account, did you mistakenly go through the purchase process again to get a download?  Thats what it sounds like.Once you purchase a download from TurboTax, you can download it as many times as you like for your use without additional charge.  You do not go through the purchase interface, however.   It should be in your download account for at least 3 years.You can download it here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find a prior download purchase at that link, then you may have multiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.******************You can phone TurboTax Support for help with your billing issue.  To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


My return I printed online says that my return was rejected & also only shows 3 W-2s total. But when I go to amend my return and add a W-2, it says they are all uploaded? So I can't add it? If they are all online then why didn't it show all my W'2's on my return? ALSO - why is there a page  in the PDF return document that says my return was rejected, but then online it says both state and federal were accepted? Please help me out here.Thanks  

\n\nIt may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n\n\n\n\n  


It was accepted around Feb. 15th.  

https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2896703-how-do-i-track-my-alabama-tax-refund  


Just need to print them out for a loan  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I appreciate your help.  

Only active duty military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8. 


reporting income and t4oas ans t4p  but the profile list isn't providing the option to select those two.  using home and business...do i need to upgrade again?  

Those expenses would not be deductible.  


I need to clear and start over. I had to file an extension at the last minute because my grandmother passed away on April 11th. Since that was a very busy and emotional time I want to start over and have both my husband and myself file our taxes together. Can you please reset my account.  

Once you have paid or registered the account you cannot clear everything and start over.  You can make the corrections so start the interview from the first page and make the changes as you go along.  


T$A Box 18 $6786.90  T4A(P) Box 20 $8097.72 T4RIF Box 16 $20408.65  Total $37,293.27BUT Pension Income on Summary is $46,723.27  This is $9,430.00 too much  

Check your income, deduction, credits, dependents, filing status, etc. Also, there could be a garnishment taken out for back taxes or back child support.  


It's like I never filled out the return, even though I already have  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I live abroad and didn't have to file my taxes until after the regular deadline. However, I did make a estimated deposit at that time.  Now, I haven't mentioned this anywhere on TurboTax or in my tax file.... where should I have done this?  

\n\nTo\nadd, change or delete a payment made with an extension request -\n\n        \nClick\non Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\n\n        \nClick\non Deductions and Credits\n\n        \nClick\non Ill choose what I work on\n\n        \nScroll\ndown to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\n        \nOn\nEstimates, click the start or update button\n\nOn\nthe next screen, scroll down to Payments with Extension\n\nClick\non the start or update button for the state option shown.  Remove any\namount shown for the state extension payment.  Continue with this section\nuntil it completes.\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I'm trying to fine my tax paper with y'all I fail  year I thought I had printed them but the copies was able to read it  

Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n  


I can't find the letter.  

What change did the IRS make (most dont effect the next year return.?)  


The turbo tax website says we did no use turbo tax for that year.  

How was the 2014 return prepared?  If you used the desktop version for 2014 (CD/download), the tax files are stored locally on your computer and will not be in an online account.If you used Online TurboTax for 2014, however, and cant find your 2014 return in the 2014 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go tohttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


My sons earned income was $624. His unearned income was $551.Can I claim my sons standard deduction (instead of his itemized deductions) if my wife and I itemize our deductions?  

YES, he is still your dependent for tax purposes, and you claim the education deductions/credits. He must state that he is a dependent on another return when filing his, and all his income should go on his return.None of his earned income can go on your return.  


My daughter was not employed in2015 and therefore were no earnings.  

You should wait until your original return has been fully processed and you receive your refund (in case the IRS catches any errors), if the IRS does not correct your return you would amend your return to make the corrections.  Amended returns must be mailed, they cannot be efiled.To Amend your return for online:- Click the Home Tab- Under We can help you.,- Choose Amend a return that was filed and acceptedOr, Federal Taxes tab (for Home & Business - Personal tab), Other Tax Situations, Amend a ReturnSee the following on amending your 2011 return (Online & Desktop)http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html  


I live overseas, full time, and have done so for many years.  I pay child care costs to a nanny.  She is local and does not have ITIN or SS number.  Are these costs deductable?  

They may be eligible for the child and dependent care credit, assuming that your income is not excluded through the foreign earned income credit. There\nare two exceptions to providing the care providers SSN.\n\n\nIf you\n     have a tax exempt care provider (a church, etc.), they must provide you\n     with proof of their exemptions and you can enter TAXEXEMPT.\n     (Note, however, that most tax exempt organizations have an employer\n     identification number. If they have one, its easier to use the actual\n     number instead of TAXEXEMPT)\nIf the care was\nprovided outside the US and the care provider doesnt have an SSN, the IRS\nrequests you list LAFCP (Living Abroad Foreign Care Provider).\n\n\n  


I thought I was e-filed in April I was waiting for refund. Found out different. What do I do now that I just sent it in  

Unless you're overseas. you can't file an extension, you're a late filer and treated accordingly. Nothing you need to do now; IRS/State will bill you for late fees they calculate ...  


All my artwork is consigned at a gallery. Do I need to do an inventory or does that gallery do an inventory?  

Inventory is what you own, at Lower of Cost or Market value.(Sales - Raw Materials) = Taxable gain. Default for IRS if you Dont keep track is 100% of sales (minus commisions) is taxable as ordinary income, so you Dont Have to track, but its to your benefit to do so ...Basic Premise: Your time/skills/effort are worth Nothing to IRS ...Thus, value of unsold paintings is limited to cost of paint/canvas/frame ...  


My son must submit my return for fafsa verification. I have 3 w2 forms 2 are mine and the other is his. I filed all 3 on my tax return and now the school tells me I cannot put his w2 on my return and I must amend in order to fix the error. How do I go about doing this, or is it even necessary?  

now the school tells me I cannot put his w2 on my return and I must amend in order to fix the errorThe school is correct - you cant report your childs earned income on your tax return.  See this TurboTax site\non how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543 


Alternatively, how can I print the return and send it via snail mail?  

I just reported this issue. We should have a fix out in less than two weeks. I will post back here when I have more information.Thank you for your patience.  


I took all the steps and requested that it be applied but program ignored my request.  

Duplicate question.  


Originally got a letter from the IRS stating that I needed to send an 8962 with ONLY pg. 2 of my updated return; NOT a 1040x. I did this. They then sent ANOTHER letter, stating that I needed to send my newly updated 1040 and documents supporting it, but they still dont want a 1040x from me. I called and spoke with an IRS rep, who confirmed all this, but Im worried that this is incorrect, I shouldve sent in a 1040x or copies of my W2s, etc. Has anyone else had this problem? Would love to hear if you got your 2015 return! :(  

All the ones I have seen so far (for this individual mandate/ payment related), IRS needs the form 8962 and a signed -dated page 2 of the amended form 1040.  It is not an amended return in reality and therefore they do not need/ want the 1040-X. They need the signed page 2 to show the change in the return ( because this goes  beyond their math. authority and therefore a signed / updated page-2).  unless you filed by mail, I dont understand why they wanted the supporting documents , other than 1095 form which shows the credit received.. Please just send what they are asking for --- make sure the request is legit though.  Good Luck  


I had a tax preparer do my tax extension for 2015 because I wasnt sure how to calculate my capital gains.  The tax preparer hasnt been that great, so I want to complete the tax return myself now that I understand how to report the capital gains.Can I complete my return myself on turbotax instead of using the tax preparer?  

Yes.  If you made a payment with the extension be sure to enter it.  


2015 tax return  

If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Student in 2015 but not studying in 2016.  

If youve already paid for your online Premier, youd have to see what you can arrange with the TT billing dept. at Customer Service by phone or chat.If you havent paid, then you just install the desktop product and then download your *.tax2011 data file that youve started online and finish it in the desktop product.For more info:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Online---Desktop/Finish-your-TurboTax-Online-return-in-the-TurboTax-CD-Download-software/GEN12160.html  


The notice is CP11.  Looks like it is questioning line 71?  I don't quite understand as I have used Turbo Tax for years and have completed the Turbo Tax audit for any miscalculation.  

Line 71 is a credit for people who have over the maximum amount of SS withheld (or Tier 1 RRTA tax for RR employees) on their W-2 forms due to having multiple employers....for one person.   So if ONE  person worked for more than one employer during the year, and the total of the multiple W-2 forms, box 4 values, exceeds $7347 (only for 2015 taxes) for that one person....then the excess over that is entered as a credit on line 71.  TurboTax determines that lien 71 value based entirely on what you entered into the tax software.For a MFJ tax return, an erroneous credit on line 71 is usually the result of the taxpayer erroneously entering both spouses W-2 forms under just one persons name. 1)  IF you filed a MFJ tax return, and you look at the total of your own, and your spouses W-2 box 4 values, then subtract 7347....and if the excess of that difference is the value on line 71...then that is the error that you made when you entered both spouses W-2 forms.   Pay the IRS back and you are good to go.2)  IF you did have multiple W-2 forms only for yourself, from different employers (or multiple employers only for the spouse), and the total of the box 4 values exceeds $7347 for that one person, by the amount shown on line 71...then you can respond to the IRS by sending in your Federal copies of each W-2 form (copy B) for that one person to show them that the number is correct.______________________________.........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time...8AM PACIFIC is 11AM Eastern time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I don't know how to find the right files  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Need to speak to a customer service representative  

If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your returns, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 


My dependant that I claimed was doing the whole turbotax bit for me herself. Something was feeling odd and it was taking to long, so I logged in and started checking things out. Turns out she had done everything but sign them and send them on in. I am not very patient I don't guess, so I said screw it and went through every single thing to make sure it was correct. I even took the liberty to change all the info to mine. From being sent to her at the address we were staying at, at the time, to being sent to me at my parents address. Put MY passwords, MY phone #, MY email, MY backup email, so forth and so on. I've still not received a single anything from anybody about it. Other than what I filled out to initially register and sign up for the card online then I have never did anymore than that. Now I cant log into my netspend acct. I cant even verify that I am me with them over the phone. What can I do to get my refund back, if anything?  

First, can you log into your own turbotax account and is it secure?  Change the password again, make sure you are using the correct cell phone number and email address and turn on 2-factor authentication in your security settings.Second, when logged into your account, check your e-file status and make sure your returns were filed and accepted.  Or use this link, https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf they were not accepted, you may need to correct errors and file again.If your returns were accepted then check with the IRS refund site to see if your returns were processed and your refund actually paid.  Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  \nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateThird, verify the details of how you wanted your refund paid.  Download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the page of instructions.  Verify the manner of payment and the addresses you used.\nFourth, if the IRS confirms refund sent, contact SBTPG bank.  If you asked for a new Netspend card, they handled the transaction, and they should be able to verify that they mailed you a card, and the amount of the refund.  They should also be able to freeze the card, assuming it has been used by someone other than you.  They probably wont tell you anything about who might have used it or where it was used without a police order, but you can at least verify that the card was issued and you should be able to block any further use.  Call SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228.\nFifth, if you can confirm that the card was issued and was used by someone who is not you, you will need to file a report of theft with your local police.  They have the authority to find out where the card was used and to question local businesses to get records of who used it and when.  If the card was stolen from your mailbox that is a federal crime and you can also file a report with the Postal Inspector at your local main post office.Unfortunately, if the refund was paid into the card/bank account you chose, the IRS will probably consider the case closed from their point of view, so you wont be able to go through the IRS to get the refund re-issued.  You will have to deal directly with SBTPG, Netspend and the Police.If you have had someone stealing personal info from your mailbox, you are possibly at risk for identity theft.  You may want to file an ID theft report with the IRS using form 14039 (you can download it for free from the IRS web site or print it out from the other tax situations page in turbotax.  Fill it out and mail it in separately.  The IRS will give you information on how to prevent your tax information and refund being stolen again next year.  Also for next year, either use your own bank account to get direct deposit, or buy your own prepaid card first (about $5 fee) at any local grocery or drug store, register the card online, get the matching account and routing number, and use that card for direct deposit.  


just want to find out what is going on  

Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 


I filed 2014 late so I had to use the desktop version. In order to download the 2014 desktop version - I was required begin and pay for the 2015 version (which I did online). Now I want to start 2015 taxes, but it wont let me upload the 2014 information because I already paid (?!)... I assume if I switch to desktop for 2015 it will be easier - but not clear how to do that either... Thanks for your help. D  

This is a known conundrum.  You had to pay for the online 2015 return to get access to a 2014 return, but now you cant clear and start over in order to transfer the *.tax2014 data file into the 2015 online return.  It is a Catch-22.You can phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours, explain your conundrum, and ask them to move you to the desktop product.  They should furnish you a program download to install.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


i need to file 2555 but it does not show in premier version.  

To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n  


Can't i do it for free?  

Hi There, Yes you can use the free version, but it will not cover everything you did on the other forms. If you want the free one, you have to delete the current one and start over. Good Luck.  


If any one could help me I just need to print off a copy of my tax return to try to get pre approved for a mortgage.  

You will need to call Customer Support to see if they can unlock yoru account for you...as long as you paid for Online Deluxe or higher, or upgraded from Free to PLUS on the wifes account...they should.......but thats up to them as we are other users and have no access to those decisions..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


The returns were on my computer which was stolen in a home robbery.  I am trying to get a mortgage and they need them.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


The timeline doesn't have my prior years returns  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


reason is because a baby is due in the fall and purchasing solar panels that the government is offering 30% back in a refund  

If you are talking about 2016, you can change your W4 withholding to lower the amount of taxes withheld.  


we paid both NY and VA taxes because we live in VA but my  husband worked a portion of the year in NY  

If you handled this correctly you would have:\nFiled a non-resident return for NY and included only the NY income, and\nFiled a resident VA return, reported all of your income including the NY income, and claimed a credit for any NY taxes paid.  \n\n(In effect, you cant just leave the NY income off of your resident VA return.)Is  that what you did?  


I need to access my 2014 return but it's not an option in my tax timeline. How can I print a copy?  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I am living and working abroad.  Every month, taxes are withheld from my paycheck and paid to my host country.  My question is if the amount that is withheld and paid to my host country's tax system, as well as Social Security system, is to be added in Box 2 of the Income & Taxes withheld section of my W2.  Is this correct?  

No.  If you do not actually receive a W-2 for your wages and the taxes withheld, then you do not enter anything in the W-2 section under Wages and Income.  You enter your foreign earned income on a Form 2555.  You enter foreign taxes paid on Form 1116.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter Foreign Taxes paid -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ for foreign income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeSee this Turbotax support FAQ for foreign taxes - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc...  


Each year I have used the product, after entering the transaction in one spouse it has asked to copy to the other spouse.  I did not see the question this year nor can I find how to effect the transfer.  

YesIf you and your spouse work together in an unincorporated business, you can split the income under qualified joint venture rules (http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=177376,00.html). This will require you to separate all income and expenses onto two schedule Cs.  


I am logged into my Turbo Tax account and I can print off my 2013 & 2014 tax return but not my 2015 for some reason.Any help appreciated.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I need to add another partial year state and need to know if I have to pay again through Turbo Tax.  

Each state program has a separate fee for the use to complete a return to print & mail. You could get the forms from your state web site for free if you want to complete it manually.  


Need to add my total income and taxes taken out.  Missed that step.  

To enter, change or delete a W-2 -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on\nOn Wages and Salaries, click the start or update button\n  


I am required to send manually because of a lump sum retro active payment.  Turbotax has printed the condensed form to send, what other documents need to be sent?  

If she meets all the tests to be a qualifying relative dependent, you can claim her. Here are the tests:1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross  taxable income for the year must be less than $3,650.4. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year.  


I received a letter for the Commonwealth of Va stating they need a documentation showing I paid Maryland taxes.  I cannot find the documentation in my Turbo tax file.  What do I need to do to get a copy?  

The tax return in the program will never show that you paid the state since TT never pays the taxes for you... they only send your payment directions to the state and they initiate the payment. Your proof of payment is on your bank or credit card statement.  Did the payment ever happen ?         Check the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nstate filing instruction sheet with the Turbotax logo. \n\nIf you owed tax, it will show the payment information\nand how you decided to pay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions carefully since\nmost states cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional\nsteps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer to this question for the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489\n\n\n\n\n\n  


How much would the tax be? and How can I avoid the tax?Thanks,Russ  

If all of the following apply, you dont need to report it.\nYou lived in the home as your main home for at 2 of the 5 years preceding the sale.\nYour net profit from the sale is less than $250,000 ($500,000 if Married Filing Jointly).\nYou didnt take depreciation deduction on the home or use it for business during the time you owned it.\nYou didnt rent it out at any time that you owned it.\nYou didnt receive a Form 1099-S.\n  


I do some of the work at home (video editing)It is a temporary work location (end of May through the beginning of July)  

As an independent contractor you are considered self-employed as far as the IRS is concerned. So I assume you file a SCH C as a part of your personal tax return, to show that income as being from self-employment. I further assume that your residence is your official place of business and that you can prove it. If so, then mileage to/from a job site where work is actually performed on that job site, would be deductible. But you will need to keep detailed records not just showing the mileage details for each job, but also showing personal non-work related use of the vehicle too (assuming this is your personal vehicle and you use it for both).These detailed records will only be needed in the event of an audit. So if audited and you dont have such records, your deductions would be disallowed. Additionally, penalties would be assessed too.  


Is this OK? It was identified when I was going through the review before filing.  

Your 1098-T will either show what you paid in tution and fees (box 1) or what you were billed in tuition and fees (box 2), but it will not show both.  Since your 1098-T shows what was billed, then it is expected for you to determine what you actually paid.  After you enter your 1098-T numbers into TurboTax, it will ask how much of Box 2 did you actually pay.  Usually you were billed for Summer 2010, Fall 2010 and Spring 2011 (assuming that box 7 is checked on the 1098-T).  You should have paid for Summer and Fall earlier in the year, but did you pay for Spring 2011 in 2010?  If yes, then you would enter the full amount listed on Box 2.  If you did not pay for Spring 2011 until  2011, then you would enter only what you paid for Summer 2010 and Fall 2010.  The next screen will ask how much tuition and fees did you pay that was not billed on your  2010 1098-T.  This could be payments made for Spring 2010 that was billed in 2009 but not paid until 2010.  These two entered numbers should represent what you paid in tuition and fees for Spring 2010, Summer 2010, and Fall 2010.  


I have recently had a change in my self employment income resulting in no longer needing to pay estimated taxes for the rest of the year.  I've already paid the first installment, and want to know if I need to file an amended return.  

If by amended return you are referring to your 2015 income tax return, then no.  That income tax return deals with 2015 taxable income and has nothing to do with your changed 2016 income tax situation.  If you no longer have to pay estimated taxes because of a change in circumstances in 2016, you simply stop paying them.  Youll take credit for estimated 2016 taxes you have paid on your 2016 income tax return.  Tom Young  


At my graduation this year the NYS governor spoke and mentioned that if your family makes less than $200,000 a year, you can get a $2,500 refund from your tuition.  I also believe he mentioned that you can claim this fund from up to 5 years previously.  How can I get this refund from my previous years attending school?  

Probably the Federal AOTC:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/aotcIt is too late now to amend for a refund for any tax years prior to 2013.  


i need our 1040 tax paper for medical purposes  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


Filled my taxpapers months ago,still havent received my refunds. One of them was considered undeliverable,at the other one the papers wasnt even received by the state (Colorado), no other information.  

The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts. 


I am not getting the right figure and can't understand why.  

you have not provided enough info to determine if the computed FTC is correct. there are many legitimate reasons why you may not get the full FTC.   for example, if your in the 15% bracket and the foreign tax rate was more than 15% you will not get all the FTC.  you need to review the 1116 and see where the numbers differ from what you would expect.  the FTC is complex (TT doesnt automatically provide all the computations needed) For anyone to determine if there is an error in the computation that would need a copy of all major forms and schedules. and possibly even backup  


Should I be filing paperwork quarterly even though I have never made a profit on the rental house?  

Im assuming that filing paperwork quarterly has to do with a possible need to make quarterly payments of estimated taxes.You need to make payments of estimated taxes if you have significant income thats not subject to withholding.  Since you have no income associated with the rental house theres no need to make estimated tax payments.  Indeed, if you are able to recognize the losses on the rental property, meaning you are routinely getting an income tax refund, you could even lower the amount of withholding from your paychecks.Tom Young  


I am a consultant originally from IL and for the past 6 months I have been leasing a apartment in Texas. I have no lease or property in IL i usually go and visit my parents and stay with them. Should I change my drivers license and plates to TX and file for taxes here? Will it save me money?  

You need to check the Illinois tax department web site for their residency rules.  I remember a discussion in this forum a few weeks ago, also for Illinois (if I recall correctly) that Illinois makes it almost impossible to prove for tax purposes that you live somewhere else.  To prove to Illinois that you have moved out and dont owe state income tax is hard work, you likely need to change your drivers license, insurance, voter registration, auto registration, etc.  You really need to have no connection with Illinois.If this is a temporary assignment (you say will continue until the end of the year) and you will be moving back to Illinois in 2017, then it is likely the Illinois department of revenue will still consider you to be domiciled in Illinois and subject to the full year of Illinois income tax.Illinois and New York are about the toughest states on this issue.See this for more, http://www.revenue.state.il.us/legalinformation/regs/part100/100-3020.pdfhttp://www.revenue.state.il.us/individuals/filingrequirements/https://www.isba.org/sections/statelocaltax/newsletter/2010/06/imanonresidentofillinoismaybe  


Planning on moving in future . Retired nyc  correction and ss income .moving to Ga . Will I have to pay federal taxes /state taxes. Pension income 65000 ss income 17000 . Email[edited personal information]  

Yes to federal ... due to the pension the SS benefits will be 85% taxable as well.Not much if any to GA ...\n\nMost Tax-FriendlyOne of Kiplingers top ten most tax-friendly states for retirees, the Peach State is a peachy tax environment for retirees. Social Security income is exempt, and so is up to $35,000 of most types of retirement income for those age 62 to 64. For those 65 and older, the exemption is $65,000 per taxpayer. The statewide sales tax is 4%, but jurisdictions may add up to 4% of their own taxes. Full-time residents qualify for a homestead exemption, and seniors may qualify for additional deductions from property taxes.Read more at http://www.kiplinger.com/tool/retirement/T055-S001-state-by-state-guide-to-taxes-on-retirees/index.p...\n\n 


The only options to up grade are the top two (most expensive) options.  

You can pay for the current Deluxe edition and then have access to the prior year online returns.  There is no need to upgrade any further than the edition you are currently using.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.  


The deduction on my Schedule A is incorrect.  You deducted 10% of my adjusted gross income, instead of 7.5%.  

TurboTAX makes no assumptions. You enter your birthdates in the Personal Info section.  


My wife and I got married in 2015. I have been supporting her and her child ever since.  

To enter into TurboTax, type “1099-misc, miscellaneous income” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the box below, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions. In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms  


I received a settlement 2 years ago from my previous employer for discrimination. I paid my taxes on the amount received, which is not an issue. The issue is that the IRS is saying that my earned income for that year was $2,000.00 over the max amount in my bracket, and I didnt qualify for the EIC. Therefore, the IRS is now sending my a demand for over $7,000. I believe that the settlement funds were not actually earned income like wages, therefore, they should not be counted towards the EIC. Example: If I had not work at all that year, and I only received that settlement, I would not have been entitled to the EIC at all. I need to know if I am correct, should I hire an Attorney or should I dispute their demand on my own? Thank you!  

The IRS is correct. Even though the income was not earned income, it still disqualified your for the EIC. The\nearned income credit is first calculated (actually looked up in a table) on\nyour earned income then it is calculated on your total income (AGI). You get\nthe lesser of the two calculated EIC numbers. See the 2015 EIC table at:\n\nhttps://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/globalmedia/earned_income_credit_table_1040i.pdf2013 will be lightly different, but it should still be clear that your EIC, based on total income, is zero. 2013 Table:http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/archive2013/taxmap/instr/i1040gi-015.htm#TXMP2c0ec5d7 


I used turbo tax back in February. now im ready to pay the amount owed. can i do this with turbo tax?  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


Bought Deluxe from Amazon. Your tech people gave me fresh Deluxe and Premier downloads. No help. Uninstalled and reinstalled half a dozen times. Forms are A, B, D. 1040 and 8949. Help  

If you download the installer directly from Turbotax, it should be current as of the date of the download and not need to be updated.  That makes me think that you never did a complete uninstall, following the procedure to remove all the Mac files including hidden preferences and other support files.  You also cant have two different Mac versions installed for the same year, like Deluxe 2015 and Premier 2015 at the same time.  That creates problems.I suggest doing a complete uninstall including all hidden files, and also delete all old installers.  Then log into your account and do a fresh download of the Premier installer only, and install the program. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301991  


I need it to send to my lender for buying a house.  

TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html  


My son is 16 and won $400 in an entrepreneur competition at school.  He doesnt have a part time job at this time, so there is no other income to report. He didnt have to turn in a W-9 or any other paperwork to the school.  He has a check made out in his name.  He would like to put it into a Roth account.  I am trying to find out if it qualifies as earned income for a Roth.  Thanks!  

Prizes and awards are not earned income.https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/1382a  


I spoke with an Injured Spouse rep and she said a 1 digit mistake was made which caused our refund to be on "hold". She fixed the mistake and I assume the processing will now continue, but how much longer will I have to wait? 3 months seems pretty long AFTER adjustments were already made...  

Its only been 2 months since the adjustment was made.  Injured Spouse takes 11-14 weeks to process. 


shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;  

Some customers\nhave reported issues paying for TurboTax fees by credit/debit card with the MAX\nAssist & Defend bundle selected.\n\nDepending on\nthe situation, they may see one or more of the following error messages.\n\n\n shippingInfoModel.zip(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 14;\n shippingInfoModel.state(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 2;\n shippingInfoModel.firstName(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 20;\n\n\nWorkaround\n\nThis is caused\nwhen the MAX bundle is in the order and there are issues with the information entered\nin the Personal Info section. This can happen in the following situations:\n\n\n You have a foreign\n     mailing address entered, but are paying with a U.S.-based credit/debit\n     card\n The first name youve\n     entered is only one letter\n\n\nThis can be\nresolved by temporarily changing your information under Personal Info, then\nchanging it back before filing your return. If you have a foreign address,\nenter the U.S. billing address for the card youre trying to use. If you have\nonly one letter as your first name, change this to your full first name, as\nshown on your social security card.\n\n1.   Click on the Personal Info tab at the top\n\n2.   Make the\nnecessary changes to your personal Information\n\n3.   Click the File tab at the top and click Start next to Step 1\n\n4.   Continue to pay\nfor TurboTax Online\n\n5.   Continue\nthrough the interview until, in Step 3, youve signed the consent form for MAX\nAssist & Defend\n\n6.   Return to\nPersonal Info and set your mailing address back to the correct address, as\ndescribed in steps 1-3, before transmitting your\nreturn\n\nIf youve\nfollowed the above steps and you continue to get the error message, it can\nbe resolved by removing the MAX Benefits from your order, which will allow you\nto file.\n\nNote: If you\nchoose to remove the MAX bundle and file, you will not be able to order it\nlater.\n\n\n\n\n\nSLN97214\n\n Answered by TurboTax\nFAQ to this question\n\n\n\n\n\n  


I am a permanent resident of Norway but a US citizen. My employer is Norwegian and thus I don't have a W-2. How do I report my income and the taxes I paid to Norway?  

If you do not actually receive a W-2 for your wages and the taxes withheld, then you do not enter anything in the W-2 section under Wages and Income.  You enter your foreign earned income on a Form 2555.  You enter foreign taxes paid on Form 1116.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter Foreign Taxes paid -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ for foreign income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeSee this Turbotax support FAQ for foreign taxes - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc...  


my 2014 efile got rejected and i need to file it but cant find it i see where i was charged for it but i can not find it anywhere. How can  i get a copy to the IRS ASAP  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  


I just went to get a copy of my certified marriage certificate and I was told my marriage was never recorded I filed my taxes married filing jointly based on my wedding date of 11/21/2015?  

If you were not legally married as of 12/31/2015, then amend the Joint return to Single for one of you, and then file a single return for the other.  


I cannot talk to a representative as they only call back to U.S. phone numbers!  

I dont think that will work...unless the name and profile address on your online tax account profile, and the name address on the tax return itself is the same, then the credit card is unlikely to be allowed.  (think of the huge fraud implications if the billing software allowed that)...But Check out SuperUser Carls suggestion here as a possible alternative..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3368310-i-cannot-pay-your-fee-as-although-i-have-a-us-cc-i-do-not-...  


I have purchased Turbo Tax and used it for the last 10 years.  I do my own taxes so I do not have a tax advisor.  I have a new situation with a 401k Loan.  My 401k Loan of $41,000 will default on 6/30/16.  I want to go to the IRS site and make a payment for $8,200 or 20% since I know it will probably generate approximately $41,000 more Income in 2016 than in 2017.  Is that the correct thing to do to avoid a large penalty?  

Yes, and you may wish to do the same for State. 


The deadline is tomorrow, and I see from the IRC website I can e-file an extension through TurboTax- how do I do this?  

Only if you are military can you file the extension\nthru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf not then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If\nyou are out of the country on the regular due date of your return, check the\nbox on line 8.  


House bought at auction should have have been put under the business name in the beginning but was not. After remodeling we are selling the house. Remodel, acquisition, and holding costs were paid for by our business. If possible, would like to move the income from the sale to the business as it paid for those costs.  

You have legal issues in addition to tax ones, so please see a local professional. 


More than 21 days since I filed.  

The 21 days to receive a federal tax refund is only a target, it is not a guarantee.  Only the IRS can give you the status on a federal tax refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate  


taxes already filed and can't get back to print center  

Workaround to open a closed/archived\n 2015 return:\n\n \n\n1.    Sign in at\nTurboTax.com and click Taxes near the\ntop. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a way\nto reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your return  


I need a copy of my 2014 tax return so that we can buy a new house.  Your website cannot find it but I filed through Turbo tax.  Please help.  I need it ASAP  

See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 


Filing for UI, and need gross amounts  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


need to do this today  

Emailing is not safe ... faxing would be better.   However if you insist then attach a saved PDF copy of the return to the email.  


Is there a problem with the Montana Turbo Tax Software?  

most likely the problem is that you either answered a question incorrectly or checked a wrong box.  the notice you got from MT should have detailed the error.  


I currently reside and work in the UK but am an American Citizen.  I have self-employment income but pay into the UKs equivalent of social security.  The US has a Totalization agreement with the UK that exempts self-employment income earned in the UK from US social security taxes (see link below) if I pay into the UK social security program (to avoid paying social security taxes twice on the same income).  When I complete the section for the Foreign Earned Income exclusion TurboTax is still calculating social security tax on the income and I am not aware of a way to exclude it.   Any help is appreciated.                                                                                                                       https://www.ssa.gov/international/agreements_overview.html#&a0=3  

\n\nIf you are a self-employed U.S. citizen or resident alien living outside the United States, in most cases you must pay SE tax. You must take all of your self-employment income into account in figuring your net earnings from self-employment, even income that is exempt from income tax because of the foreign earned income exclusion.Per the IRS Instructions for Schedule SE (Form 1040) Self-Employment Tax, page SE-2:Exception. The United States has social security agreements with many countries to eliminate dual taxes under two social security systems. Under these agreements, you must generally pay social security and Medicare taxes to only the country you live in.The United States now has social security agreements with the following countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, South Korea, Spain, Slovak Republic, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. \n\nyou may owe medicare taxes since there is no limit on the amount that is subject to this tax.   you need to review schedule se the long form section b. on line 8a there should be the amount of your w-2 social security wages.  


I have a rollover IRA account at Vanguard from a 401 K plan that was discontinued. I am 76 years old and still working for the company that created the plan. Am I required to make an RMD from that companys now discontinued rollover account? It greatly increases my taxable income.  

The rollover IRA account is not the companys account. Its your own account. The rollover IRA is not the discontinued plan. The discontinued plan no longer exists. What you have is just an IRA that belongs to you.It makes no difference where the money in the IRA came from. You were required to start taking RMDs from your IRA in the year that you turned 70 1/2. So you now have a considerable amount of excess accumulation in the account. The penalty for not taking the required distributions is severe - 50% of the amount you should have taken out but didnt. Its possible to request a waiver of the penalty. But in view of the number of years that have gone by, and the apparently large amount of money involved, you should get help from a qualified local tax professional to request the waiver. At a minimum, to have any chance of getting the waiver approved, you will have to take all the distributions that you should have taken in previous years. That will all be taxable income this year.  


I moved across the country (more than 40km) in September 2014 for work and claimed it for my 2014 return. However, I had one small shipment moved in 2015 so Im claiming that expense for my 2015 return.My question is, for where Im supposed to put my income at my new job, do I put my 2014 income there, or my 2015 income? Theyre substantially different.  

When you enter a 1099-Misc into Turbo Tax, after you enter the 1099-Misc info, the next screen asks for Source of Other Income? The first item is for consulting, ... your business. Then, the next screen asks if you the reason for the 1099, if you answer "self-employed", Turbo Tax lets you associate that income with a Sched C business you have.In Turbo Tax, select the Federal Taxes tab, click on the Wages & Income link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Other Common Income / Income from Form 1099-Misc. When you add or edit the 1099-Misc, Turbo Tax will allow you to associate your 1099-Misc with your Sched C business.I hope this helps!  


If we do not attend these mandatory meetings and trainings, they also will charge us for not attending.  

You cant take a tax deduction for the value of your unpaid time.   Since you never paid tax on it, there is nothing to deduct from your tax.  You can deduct mileage or other associated actual costs that you pay.Companies have been known to abuse the independent contractor designation.  You might want to review this, https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o...  


I have 82 pages that I can barely read/make sense of, but no idea how to actually go back & file for 2014--can I efile or will it be all by mail now?  

The 2014 return must be mailed in ... complete the FILE tab to choose the mail in  option then the forms to mail & instructions will be available to print. You can print with and without the worksheets ... print the without version for mailing purposes.  


(I had to remove it because my -ex claimed him)  I zeroed it out in every entry screen.  I need the form to update! It was e-filed, and rejected, but forms should still update.  

\n\nIt may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific  


I don't have investments or retirement accounts or anything of that nature.  

The US has totalization agreements with a small number of countries to avoid having to pay social security in both countries. Norway is one of these countries. So if you pay social security in Norway, you should get a certificate of coverage from them and then you would not need to pay in the US as well.https://www.ssa.gov/international/Agreement_Pamphlets/norway.html  


Currently unemployed Still have tax liability from 08 and 09. Tried to ammendment 08 and 09, but got declined because these tax years were older than 3 years. 08 and 09 taxes were filed incorrectly  

In an OIC (Offer in Compromise) you agree to give up any refund for the year the offer is accepted.  For years after that, you get to keep any refunds. 


instead of 17797.52 which is my income  the tax summary for my income is doubled to 35000.00+  how can i change  it back to correct amount of 17797.52  

The Motion Picture Credit is the bottom credit on the California Credit Finder page. Revisit the section and make sure that the credit box is completely blank.  


I am getting a substantial relocation assistance from my landlord for a no- cause eviction (rent control area).Is this considered taxable income ? Does the landlord have to file a 1099 ? I cannot find any information on the IRS website that addresses this issue.  

A payment of cash for keys is fully taxable.  While the landlord might not be required to file a Form 1099, it is still taxable.  


The site is requesting a Payer's federal EIN, and I do not have one. TurboTax is also asking for a  NY State Tax Exempt Code. I don't have to pay NYS taxes since I'm in the military and stationed outside NYS. How can I file my 2015 return?  

\n\nYou can report business income in two ways:\n\n1.       1099-Misc\nIncome, or\n\n2.       General Income\n\nIf\nyou dont have a Form 1099-Misc, you would enter the income under the second\ncategory.  If you do, a 1099 isnt necessary.\n\n  


In the review i get the message, "Schedule E Worksheet (Calle San Mateo 14, 1 Izq) -- Asset Entry Worksheet (City Center): Home Sale Worksheet Link should be blank. Assets with disposition losses cannot be linked to the Home Sale Worksheet." How do I edit the schedule e worksheet? I cannot find any way to get to it for editing.  

You can switch over to Forms view and go directly to that Schedule E or Worksheet by using the list on the left  


Rvision : Erreursla case A de votre relev 31 comporte 15 caractres.ImptRapide 2015 accepter seulement 13 caractres ! Comment puis-je corriger cette erreur ?  

No. A loan is debt, it is not considered income.  


How do I begin amending my 2015 taxes, using Schedule E instead of Form 4835?  

Refill your entire return using the correct forms. The most recent filing becomes the official filing.  


I received a refund of $1651 from California State which was not indicated.  May be mistake on return.  

CA will be sending you a letter about this.  


The IRS is claiming I owe back taxes from 2014 because I failed to report a W-2.  I am refuting this because I have already paid taxes on the income.  They are asking for a 1040X with my response.  What Turbo Tax program can I use to create a 1040X?  

Only the CD /Download version can handle your prior year tax return.Purchase TurboTAX 2014 Deluxe, which is available from the Intuit web site.  


I filled my taxes back in February and on the NYS website it says it in final stages of processing . It has said that since February.  

Your best bet is to call the NY tax authority, and ask them.  


I work as a self-employed photographer and mostly from my home office/studio, and will be continuing that in my new location. I am moving because there are more job opportunities and networking in my field in the new location.  

So long as the move is for employment and you meet the time and distance tests, it doesnt matter if you work at home or at some other location.  


I worked for TurboTax for the 2015tax season and had received an email with the deluxe was free. but when I did my taxes I was charged. I want to know if I can get the charged removed from my account?  

Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead.  


I plan to get married this fall to an Iowa resident.  However, Ill continue to work in South Dakota and maintain a home in South Dakota, traveling to Iowa on weekends to see my spouse.  There are also no children yet, but there probably will be in the future.  Will I need to pay state income tax to Iowa?  

This question is more complicated than it seems. When you marry you will then have to decide if you file jointly or separately. Further you will have to consult the Iowa laws to clarify your and your wifes position. For almost certainly, if you file a joint federal tax return next year you and your wife will have to determine which address to use. If you file a separate federal return I think your income will not be taxable in Iowa but your wifes income will be. Whatever you decide be certain. The action you do take will set a precedent for future tax years. 


I am able to download my 2014 and 2013 tax return but not my 2016... There is no option to do so.  

You have to sign onto your 2015 (not 2016) online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.  


I sent my tax reruns by Turbo tax in Feb 2016 and received a rejection letter the following month asking me to fix the problem. Later I submitted my returns for 2015 by mail on 03/15/2016 coz I had identity fraud. The Austin, TX office replied stating there was no further info required at this time. I never any other communication from them ever since. I tried the web, where is my refund but the system said the info was incorrect. I tried to call but the automated system was not helpful either. (removed tax return)I am stuck and have no idea what to do and wonder if they IRS will ever respond and send my income tax refund. They are very hard to get hold of and seem unconcerned yet I am trying to do the right thing on time. Kindly assist.  

If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html  


The w2's were all uploaded electronically from our employers  

You must now get a paper copy from the employer or download & print one from the online access port that you used to import them into TT.  


Turbo-Tax 2015 does not show my 2014 Foreign Income from TT2014 (but did import all other info).  More critically, it won't show my 2015 foreign earned income.  As a result, I cannot claim the Foreign Tax Credit nor the child credit. I am stuck.  

If you are including the full amount of your\nforeign wages on your US income tax return and if you pay foreign taxes on\nthese wages, you will be allowed an offset for these foreign taxes on your US\ntax return.\n\nIf you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability.  


I have to file two 2555 Forms, as I work for two different companies abroad.  I followed the steps to file the foreign income, but I can't see if both were accepted.  Is there anyway to view which one has or has not been created? For example with W2, it shows you the name of the company, the salary, etc.  - does that exist to have an overview of the Form 2555?  

If you have income from multiple foreign sources you will have to report each for the appropriate tax year.  


how to file 2014 state taxes in 2016 - federal form was filed timely  

Go to the states website that the return is for. Should be able to print off the forms that are needed to file. These will have to be filled out by hand and mailed in. The electronic filing is only for the current year do and this option is only available until the 15th October. If you need your earnings for the year will need to call state and ask for them to mail you your income documents. Once the return in mailed and there are no errors on the return should take 30 to 60 days to process.  


Submitted State and Federal returns, by mail, in early April. (Mail submission required by IRS because or fraudulent return submitted in my name,earlier in year) I received State refund in about three weeks, but have not received Federal refund as yet.  

It takes a lot longer for the IRS to process a paper return so this time frame does not appear to be out of line.  I filed a paper return for a friend just before April 15th (where there were no identity issues) and she received her refund via direct deposit last week.  I suggest that you go to https://www.irs.gov/uac/checking-the-status-of-your-refund   for a complete description of how to check on your refund.  I noted some one made a comment that asks  if you have a USPS tracking number, but in my experience most people just use regular mail and do not have tracking numbers.  The benefit of using the IRS web based checking is you will know if for some reason your return was not received.  If it is not noted as received or processing you might have to file again.  In any case you need a copy of the return filed to pursue this matter so print one out ASAP.  


can I take off 2015 tax withholdings on 2016 taxes?  

No. You must amend 2015.  However, if you entered the 1099-R on your 2015 return, the taxes withheld shown on it would have been recorded.  


I'd like to add that I live outside of America so I have both earned income and passive income.  I spent several months working in the UK last year as well and I left before the higher tax brackets kicked in so perhaps the US thinks that I wasn't taxed enough? Would it be that the exclusion just literally excludes all that income and doesn't care what I was taxed but the credit judges taxation on US standards? I'm not sure I want to use exclusion because It is my impression that if I use it this year and then elect no to next year because I am in the states for part of the year I lose the ability to use it for several years? thanks!  

duplicate post  


My daughter worked hard to get scholarships for a major in physics and now she will not have here scholarships for her 3rd year as my return is still being processed  

Once your return has been filed and accepted, the timing of processing is strictly within the control of the IRS.  Will the school accept a paper copy of your return?  


I already paid my federal taxes!!!! Looks like when I was on the phone with a rep this morning trying to fix some things on my account, it's showing that I owe the money all over again??? I already paid this amount. He also had me delete a file for an amended return because it turns out I didn't have to amend it, but when i print the copy of my 2015 returns it's not the 1040ez its 1040X (amended return) etc. Im just so confused and need this to be fixed. I am not paying another $619  

No.  Your return will always show the tax due or refund as it was when you filed it it.  It is not updated when you pay.  And the IRS doesn't tell Turbo Tax that it has been paid or not.  


want to see return I filed  for 2015  

You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


why i am charged 94 dollars and deluxe is only 54  

After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?\n\n\n\n\n\n  


Should I make amendment now or get tax return for the Foreign tax credit next year?  

You can download the Amended forms on the IRS website.  If you kept a copy of your 2015 return, it will be easy to fill out the form yourself and include the foreign tax credit.  Depending on the $ amount, it may not be worth doing this.   But, no, you cannot claim that credit on the next years return.  


I qualified for the EIC and mailed all the forms in around the end of May.  It stated I would get almost $2300.00, can you please give me an update.Thank youTraci D____  

Did you mail your entire return or e file?Either way you can check on your refund irs.gov  Wheres my refund tab.Enter social security number, filing status, and refund amount.  


I had coverage the whole year at one point I had two insurances one through my job and the other through Obama care reform. My work would not unenroll me so I paid 2. Why was I penalised?  

Unfortunately, once you\ntransmit your return you cannot change it or get it back. You would\nhave to wait until your return gets rejected or accepted.  If\nrejected, you can make your changes or add information to your return. If\naccepted, you would need to amend your return to correct or add\ninformation to your return. \n\nIf you need to amend your\nreturn and youre amending to claim more money, the IRS says to wait until\nyouve received your original refund before filing an amendment. Once youve\nreceived your original refund, feel free to cash or spend it while your\namendment gets processed (this can take 1216 weeks). 3 weeks after you mailed\nyour amendment, you can start tracking its progress at the IRS Wheres My Amended Return? site.\n\nMore information regarding\namending a return can be found below: \n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhat\ndoes it mean to amend a return?\n\n        \nDo\nI Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill\namending delay my original tax refund?\n\n        \nWhat\nis the deadline for filing an amended return?\n\n        \nCan\nI e-file my 1040X to amend my return?\n\n \n\nGEN12781\n\n-\nAnswered by TurboTax FAQ to this question\n\n\n\n\n\n*** Review the Health Insurance section to enter the 1095-A and indicate you had insurance all year ... go slow and read the screens.***It is too late to amend a 2009 return to get a refund.  If you do need to amend 2009 you have to get the forms from the IRS or find a paid preparer to do one for you.  


FYI, I live in FL & there is no state income taxes. Part of the year, I paid taxes in KY as I used to live there.  

If your resident state is FL you would file a non-resident return for VA. 


I am overseas and I need to get a hold of my 2015 tax return and my W2. I was wondering if it was available via TurboTax as I filed through TurboTax.  

Here's how to print a copy,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-filing-for-my-own-recordsHow to save the pdf file.  Then you can print just the pages you need,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1912544-how-do-i-save-my-2015-turbotax-online-return-as-a-pdf Turbo Tax doesn't have your W2s, only the entries you made from them.  If you need a copy of the actual W2 you need to ask your employer for another copy.  


I entered foreign\nemployment income in the Federal Foreign Slip screen, but field 94 of the\nQuebec Tax Return If you held employment outside Canada, check this box\nis not being filled.  When I manually\ntick this box it is considered an override. \nThis did not occur when I completed my 2014 Return.  What must I do?  

You do NOT claim her wages on your return. She will have to file her own return. Just make sure that she checks the box that says she can be a dependent on someone elses return.  


My premiums didn't change in price but are now post tax. Can I deduct this ? Or a portion ? Doesn't seem worth the money after tax  

Yes pre-tax is the best.  Then it comes right off your income.  To deduct medical post tax you need to itemize deductions on schedule A.  And then you can only deduct the amount for Medical that is over 10% of your AGI.  You don't have to meet that limit (floor) for pre-tax deductions.  So it's usually not worth taking medical on schedule A. 


I want to to do my taxes bi-yearly for my small business. How can I do this? Your program wants me to start in 2015.  

Starting your tax year on 1/1/16 is easy. Just start your business any time during 2016 and your tax year will automatically end on 12/31/16.  You are not allowed to report bi-annually.  


I had a different log in however I did file my 2014 taxes.  Fedral was denied and State was accepted know I can not see it.  Where is it?  

If you used Online TurboTax and cant find your previous online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.  


My deadline to get this information is June 30  

Duplicate post.  


I inherited an ira in December of 2015.  I plan on closing the account soon and would like to know how much income tax I should have withheld  

15 %.. Of course it depends on what other income you will have this year.you might have no income, or a high income and already be in a high tax bracket.An inherited IRA can be dispersed over your life time or possibly the expected life time of the decedent. meanwhile it will continue to grow tax deferred.See IRS Pub 590B for details before you make your decision.  


Correction doubles the employer contribution amount on form 3903, inflating my tax bill.  I believe this is a glitch in the turbo tax software.  

In addition to the previous answer do an update and force a namual update if needed. If this doesnt resolve your issue you may need to manually enter the data in the supplied in program form. This happened to me around 3 years ago and I concluded it was my computer which had some registry issues. Turbo would get.errors and miscalculation for certain forms. I did a total unis tall saving the tax file, reimported it ND it worked for me.  


My previous employer closed all of their retirement accounts.  I received a distribution check for my Roth 401k.  I didnt realize that there was a check in the envelope; just assumed it was another monthly statement.  I missed the 60 day window to rollover without penalty.If I decided to keep the money and not roll it into a Roth IRA, what would my penalty be?  Ive had the plan for more than five years, but Im under 50yrs old.  

You will pay regular income taxes and a 10% penalty on the amount OVER what you contributed.For example, if you contributed $10,000 to your Roth 401k and it is now worth $15,000, you will pay regular income taxes (often 25%, plus State, but it depends on your income) and the 10% penalty on the extra $5000.As a side note, you say if I decided to keep the money.  If you missed the 60 day window, it can not be rolled over.  However, because you did not yet cash the check, it *MIGHT* not be considered closed or withdrawn yet (you would need to contact the administrators of the 401k to determine that). 


THAT YOU TOOK THE 2ND TIME...AND LOAD MY 2015 TAXES UP. IM DONE WITH YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

If you can't find your 2015 return you may be in the wrong account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Or if you are logged in to the right account, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.If you need a refund, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead. 


I am a freelance editor. In addition to royalties, I receive copies of the books I edit. I usually donate these to libraries and schools. If I claim these gifts as charitable contributions, do I have to declare the value of the books as taxable income? (The publisher does not report the books as income).  

You cant claim them as charitable contributions.  Contributions of ordinary income property (which includes property owned less than 1 year) are limited to cost, and your cost is zero. 


I need to talk to a person for help using TT.  

You can try posting your questions here in this user forum.  OR Contact Customer Service when the office is openhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  


I filed my 2014 taxes with you in 2014 and I need a copy of it. I have the confirmation email but I can't get it on your page.  

You probably have another account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 


I have verified through my email, the account I submitted my form on was this account [Removed]. My email also says that you received the return and the return was accepted. I am still unable to see on my tax timeline on this. please help me  

The email address on a notification is not necessarily the same as the User ID of an account.  Many people have multiple accounts without realizing it.  More than one account can use the same email address for notification purposes.   Ill tell you below how to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).How did you prepare the return--online or in the desktop version (CD/download)?    If you prepared it in the desktop (CD/download) version, all tax files are stored locally on ones computer.If you used Online TurboTax for 2014, and cant find your 2014 return in the 2014 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.*****************************If you still dont find the right account after all that, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support for assistance.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 


Tried to pay and file return but not allowing me to do so. I'm current residing in China thus would need this to be fixed for me to file return on time. Please advise  

See if this FAQ is helpful:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938  


I cant get into cra acct. I enter sin number and it says error  

Hi there, This article was helpful in researching your question: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/Gen12922Let me know if you have further questions.  


Jai besoin de rcuprer ma dclaration de 2004 pour une rvision.Jai installe lapplication  partir dun CD; jai utilis mon code dinstallation et linstallation a russi.Cependant lorsque je tente dutiliser Impot Rapide 2004, on me demande un code dutilisateur que je ne peux certifier tre correct. Jai en main: mon code dinstallation, mon code interne et un code dutilisateur probablement erron. Lorsque jutilise mon code dutilisateur, on mindique quil est invalide.Comment puis-je my prendre pour utilser cette version 2004 que je me suis procure par Internet et dont le numro de facture est 1059349637.Merci,  

If the move to WA is temporary you should file a resident AL return including the WA income.The criteria below will help you determine your state of permanent residency.Military Home of Record trumps all, otherwise consider...Property ownership and residence: homestead statusthe location of your homeyour mailing addressthe location of your bank accountswhere you qualify for unemployment insurancethe state in which you filed previous resident tax returnsthe state where you earn your wagesLicenses and registrations: where you are registered to votewhich state issued your driver’s licensewhere your vehicles are registeredthe state in which you maintain professional licenses  


I have medcial receipts for my child I would like to file, but how to I add her so she comes up in the drag down box for selecting who its for??  

If the mortgage interest was paid, it is deductible.  


Im stuck in the Easystep process when filling information for companies working for my appartments (TP-1086). I have 3 more buildings to enter but software bugs. I try to uncheck 3 checkboxes at the top and associated fields but when I click Suivant, attached picture shows what I get.  

No. An "expense" requires a expenditure of money.  


Alberta political contribution tax credit is being credited under the wrong spouse. I checked under donations and it is being listed under the correct spouse there but on the provincial form it is under mine, which is wrong. How can I fix this?  

I would think that the prison provided almost all of your nephews support. Housing, food, and clothing are all part of support. If he was in prison, he did not live with you, and you certainly did not provide more than half of his support. I dont see any way that you could claim him as a dependent.  


\n\nHi There I live in Vancouver, BC Canada and have received my\nManulife Bank Investment Loan Statement. I do know that I have to enter this\ninformation on S4: Statement of Interest Income in Turbotax (Canadian version).\nHowever, Im really not sure what information from the investment loan\nstatement I am to use and under which section in Turbotax I am suppose to enter\nthe information under. (ie: Do I enter it under the section Interest\nexpenses and carrying charges which states to enter the total interest I\npaid on money borrowed if Im using the money to earn investment income (which\nI am). Subheadings under this section are: (1) Interest Paid and (2) Interest\nPaid to acquire a partnership. The next subheading is Enter the total carrying\ncharges you paid in 2015 (3) Accounting fees, (4) Management or safe custody\nfees, (5) Investment counsel fees, (6) Other (specify), and (7) Amount.  Could you please advise?  Thank you in advance for your assistance.\n\n  

Im assuming your son was under the age of 19.  Being in juvenile detention is considered to be only temporarily way from home, meaning you may still be able to claim your son as a "qualifying child" dependent.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- all dependents must be US Citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico.  


I'm using the turbo tax on line free version .When at the step of ' review' when i click on ' open Pdf copy ' ? it started to process and goes on forever and never returned anything .  

Loans are not reported.  If you default, it becomes a distribution at that time.  


I believe I saw a page listing recent connections to my TurboTax account that indicated their city and/or country of origin.  

It has nothing to do with your insurance premiums.  It refers to how much you can contribute to your HSA.  See this site for limits:http://www.hsacenter.com/2011limits.html  


My wife and I seperated June 2015 why is it asking me for her SIN, Line 236, Line 117 & Line 213.  June 2015 is over the 90 days.If I do not enter this info I am in a refund situation.  As soon as I enter it I owe.  

Married Filing Separately will protect your refund.  But MFS has many unpleasant issues including the loss of certain deductions and credits and can actually cost you many tax dollars.  There is another solution.  Include in your joint return Form 8379 Injured Spouse Allocation.  This form protects your portion of a joint refund from being used to satisfy her obligations.  The only drawback to using this form  is that it adds anywhere from 8-14 weeks to the time it takes to get any refund.  Form 8379 is included in TT under Other Tax Situations.  


Employed by an employment agency. Where on the form do I fill in information?  

Well, its not TT fault. TT doesnt give you your refund...the IRS does, Once your return is accepted its all the IRS from there on...  


Vue que jai envoy le tout  lARC via ImpotRapide je me demande bien comment accder a mon compte, je nai fiat aucun identifiant ou mot de passe... comment faire pour lire les messages de mon compte de lARC du coup ?  

In the EIC screens gotten to in the my family section of deductions and credits. If the dependent(s) dont qualify for EIC TurboTax will list the reason why. It could be SSN left off personal information, for example.  


I sold my residence, there are no capital gains to declare so do i have to say ive sold a property?  

If you are referring to college expenses, you can claim his qualified educational expenses if you claim him as your dependent.To determine your eligibility to claim a dependent, type in “dependent guide me” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the drop down box, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions.  In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms.  


The Securities WERE registered, but never gained any value. A French couple at the helm embezzled all.  

In general, to qualify to deduct expenses for business use of your home, you must use part of your home:-    Exclusively and regularly as your principal place of business -    Exclusively and regularly as a place where you meet or deal with patients, clients, or customers in the normal course of your trade or business,-    In the case of a separate structure which is not attached to your home, in connection with your trade or business,-    On a regular basis for certain storage use,-    For rental use ,or-    As a daycare facility If you use part of your home for storage of inventory or product samples, you can deduct expenses for the business use of your home without meeting the exclusive use test. However, you must meet all the following tests.-    You sell products at wholesale or retail as your trade or business.-    You keep the inventory or product samples in your home for use in your trade or business.-    Your home is the only fixed location of your trade or business.-    You use the storage space on a regular basis.-    The space you use is a separately identifiable space suitable for storage.  


Its simple I need to resubmit my previously submitted return.  

SteamTrain gave you the answer you need here in response to your first post:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/dY48HYIIyr4zeIeJe_aVBv/want-a-simple-answer-to-my-question-i-donot-want-to-answer-20-questions-from-you-make-it-simple-how-do-i-update-my-cd-to-get-all-updated-forms?ppid=112030231  


I sold the home in the same year and i dont want to be penalized for selling it the same year i received the credit.  

The "qualified" in Qualified dividends refers to an IRS classification that refers to a lower federal tax liability for most taxpayersMost (maybe all) do not have tax benefits for qualified dividends  


The income from OAS $ 6,786.90 has been entered twice on the Total Income Summary.  The entry under Other Income needs to be deleted from my 2015 return.  How can this be accomplished?  

Put first 10 months worth on Schedule A ("my home" deductions and credits), and the rest on Schedule E ("rentals and royalties" income).  


Turbo tax automatically enter an amount on line 317 which I am not entitled to how do I remove it?  

Willy, if you received a rejection email you will need to correct the cause of the rejection and resubmit your return. Once you receive the reject email your return will no longer be listed in the system. In TurboTax follow the steps below to fix the rejection.1. Click the Print & File tab, select Check E-file Status right below it, and then click the Fix button.2. On the next screen, TurboTax will show you what needs fixing. Make the necessary corrections, then click the Continue button.3.Eventually TurboTax will bring you back to Your E-file Status screen. Click the Re-File My Return button (not the "Revisit" button, unless you want to review your corrections).4. Continue to follow the on-screen instructions to re-submit your corrected return. Your return isnt e-filed until you click the green Transmit Now button.If you have any other questions on fixing the reject code let me know. Best of luck Willy, I hope this solves your question.  


I sent in my completed taxes in late February. I recieved my tax return of app. $400. I just came back on this site to check out the forms to print it and now it says I OWE $300 something dollars. What is going on?  

You appear to be using TTax on-line.The TTax on-line user ID/account can be used for ONE and only one tax return --e-filed or printed/mailed.  If you need to prepare more than one return you MUST create a new user ID/account and pay for EACH return --if you want to use the on-line version.If you try to prepare a second return using the same ID you will overwrite all data for the first return and it will be lost forever; thus if the IRS challenges your first return you will no longer have a basis to respond to questions.If you need to prepare more than one return it would be less costly to purchase/install the desktop version of TTax on your computer.  The desktop version allows you to prepare and print and unlimited number of returns.  It also allows FREE e-file --HOWEVER the IRS LIMITS e-files to FIVE.  


\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen I fill in my donations, Turbotax just gives me less credit for my foreign tax paid. This is inefficient, because I cant carry the foreign tax paid forward. The non used foreign tax paid I know I can deduct at Other Deductions (Line 232) but not if too much of my donations is already claimed. How to balance these three?the way it is set up now I pay tax unnecessarily.These calculations can be programmed. That is what I expect the program to do, not me.  

Yes - the unused portion of the credit for solar energy can be carried forward from year to year. If there is still an unused portion this year, you can apply it on your 2011 tax return.  


Every time I Log in to my Turbo Tax account My account logs on whitout my entering my password. This is a Security Breach  

you might be wrong...If you are expecting a refund chances are you will be getting it on Feb. 25 not the 22nd because federal returns are deposit on fridays not tuesdays. you should check again to be sure.......  


Veuillez prendre connaissance du ou des messages suivants. Apportez ensuite les corrections ncessaires  votre dclaration, puis transmettez-la de nouveau. Vous devez inscrire un montant  la ligne 415, car vous avez inscrit un montant  la ligne 128. De plus, le montant inscrit  la ligne 415 ne doit pas dpasser le rsultat du calcul suivant : multipliez par 16,422 % le montant rel des dividendes dtermins inscrit  la ligne 166; multipliez par 8,319 % le montant rel des dividendes ordinaires inscrit  la ligne 167; additionnez les deux rsultats obtenus. (T3H00128) Vous avez besoin de renseignements? Communiquez avec le Service daide ImptNet Qubec. (T3Z00004) I  

Hobbies are not tax deductible.  Rather, hobby income is reported, and hobby expenses are deductible only to the extent of the income.If he has no income, he has no deductions.  


The trust holding the 401K had issued me a cheque in 2015 and withheld 15% tax as reported on the 1042-S.  I understand it funds should be taxable to the extent of what would be taxable in Canada but since the initial investment was made as a non-resident of Canada, I cant see how I would be taxed anything additional on this amount.  Do I need to file this transaction on my Canadian taxes?  

If you are a resident of George and your state income taxes are higher than your state sales taxes, it may not be advantageous to deduct them.If you claim the standard deduction, you cannot.  The legislation that permitted a deduction of sales taxes on a new auto in addition to the standard deduction was only for new vehicles purchased from Feb. 17, 2009, through Dec. 31, 2009.  It was not part of the "Bush Tax Cuts" and, consequently, when those cuts got extended they did not include extending this provision.  See http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=204519,00.html for the dates.If you claim itemized deductions for sales taxes, you can add the sales tax on a vehicle to the amount on the Commissioners sales tax tables.  The following is from Turbotaxs input screen under Sales Tax:"You can deduct the sales tax on certain major purchases . . ." If you click on the "certain major purchases" link, you will see an explanation of what they are.  The list includes:--- Vehicles,--- Boats,--- Motor Homes--- Building materials for major home improvements."However, itemized deductions for sales taxes are only to your advantage if your sales tax deductions are more than your state income tax deductions (as you can only claim one or the other.)  


<begin rant> every other intuit product has save as pdf except this one.  WTF?  you spend hundreds of $$$, and no improvements?  Am i the *only* person using Turbotax Biz Incorporated that wants to save as PDF? </rant> Plus:  you should add pdf as one of the dropdown choices in the Add tags dropdown.  

Here is a link to the IRS instructions for 1040Xhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040x.pdfIt gives line by line directions and references to find the entries  


As above, I do not feel confident that Turbo Tax is handling my separate incomes in a manner consistent with their independent tax states. Both data entry and review are my primary concerns.  

Changes made after submission and acceptance are not made.  You should change your return back to the original condition and wait for a rejection before you amend it.See these articles, especially number 30:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/search.jsp?pg=&q=Amend#pg5  


I tried to access my turbo tax pdf file but could not get it.  I can access my CRA return but I want to have the turbo tax file on my computer as well.  

If the rental agreement is an "arms-length" rental contract (you are paying fair market value for your rent)) with your rent and utilities included, you would be considered as providing more than half of the upkeep of your home (the apartment).  


It was submitted  April 25  

No, moving an IRA via a trustee to trustee transfer does not change any aspect of your IRA.  The 5 year rule (there are actually two different 5 year rules) you refer to applies only to a Roth IRA, not a traditional IRA.  Not sure which flavor of IRA you have.Tom Young  


Have I submitted my texts incorrectly? Will I not receive it now that the dead line has passed?  

Schools do not always fill those forms completely or even accurately. As long as you have good documentation (paid checks, statements, etc.) for what was paid to the school in 2011, you can use that. ron.  


I don't have the activation code cause I thought my logon ID would be enough - I don't understand why it cost me 22.00 each time my daughter and  I want to file a return.  

When you go through Profit or Loss from Business topic in the Business Income and Expenses section under Federal taxes you will be asked first if you received and 1099-Miscs. If you choose "no" you will still be asked for income amounts that were not received on a 1099-Misc.  


I don't have the activation code cause I thought my logon ID would be enough - I don't understand why it cost me 22.00 each time my daughter and  I want to file a return.  

Not sure but the making work pay credit is reduced for modified gross incomes of more than $150,000. So your credit would be reduced.  


Searching: How do I change from Home and Business to a standard program? I have already filled out all the information and would like to transfer it a standard account?  

First of all be sure you are using the same User ID that you used when you entered the items a few weeks ago.Also, once signed in, be sure you looked under the tab for the correct year.In case you have more than 1 user ID, heres how you can get all the User IDs emailed to you.Go the ItsDeductible sign-in page.Instead of logging in, look lower down and find the tiny blue link "Forgot your ID or Password?"  Click that.At the next screen, you can enter your email address to have the User IDs emailed to you.  If you may have used more than 1 email address, then do it for each one.  


Id like to talk to a specialist re importing last year taxes from Turbo Tax into 2015 Turbo Tax  

TTax desktop versions Deluxe and higher allow you to download software for one (1) free state.  All state e-filed returns require an additional charge; however, as with the Federal return you can PRINT and MAIL an unlimited number of state returns a no additional cost.If you switch to TTax Basic you will have to pay extra to download the software for a state return.Also, just my own opinion, I see no advantage to using the auto renewal a) for just the reason you are questioning --you cannot easily change the TTax version; and b) most retailers offer the same package(s) at lower prices.  


filing 2013 - I am filing trying to netfile my daughters 2013 tax return in order to file 2014 then 2015, she is a new filer and turns out should have filed in 13, 14 to get some small refunds. When I netfiled using 2013 standard turbotax, CRA would not accept it, msg was  The information sent to the Canada Revenue Agency doesnt match the information currently on record.   The only information on her would be as a dependent on her parents return (thats me) and Im pretty sure there are no inconsistencies.....This was the first return ever submitted for her.  Why has CRA not accepted this return?  

Yes Code L in box 12 is for substantiated employee business expense reimbursements.  


There is an amount on line 350 of my spouses return.  

No. Requirements for the 2010 Kentucky Education Tuition Tax Credit are different from the Federal Education requirements due to Kentucky not adopting the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2010. Books only count on the American Opportunity Credit, which was part of that Act.http://www.taxslayer.com/support/article.php?id=875  


If information from my T5008 slips were imported directly from the Cra website, but I also entered this information in the Capital Gains Summary section, would this have resulted in me reporting my Capital gains twice?  

If its for personal property, such as a home or a car, you dont need to report it in your return. Keep this form for your records in case you get a 1099-C that indicates the debt has actually been forgiven.  


When I tried to override the program, it wouldnt let me, and yet I had put my grandson in where child dependents go.  Is this a glitch or am I doing something wrong.  Hopefully CRA will find the error.  

Your returns should still be in the TurboTax directory off of the My Documents directory.  You can check the TurboTax directory or do a search for .tax2010.  You can also start the TurboTax program, click on the File menu, Open Tax Return, then click on the TurboTax directory  


Someone was to get back to me but I have as yet not heard anything.  You have already received payment for the program and I am now overdue on my tax return.  

Ok, I see what happened. That is the state tax refund. Apparently in 2009, you must have itemized deductions and received a state refund. So the state tax refund needs to be reported on line 10 of the 2010 form. Your wife must not have itemized deductions in 2009 or perhaps did not file a state tax return. Anyway, if only you had the state tax refund, then the return with the amount on line 10 is the one to use. ron.  


How long does it take to receive my tax returns in the post?  

this sort of thing is normally decided during divorce setlements, check your paperwork from the divorce.  


I need to revisit my previous income tax reports.All my tax files are stored on my PC and I need to print previous reports that not saved in a PDF format.Is there a reader that can allow to read these tax files created/generated under Windows XP? Note that my PC currently runs with Win 10.  

If he was not a full time student, then no, you can not claim him. The income limit is $3,700.  


When I try to add for my first child, it brings me up a warning that I have to remove the eligible dependent.  

Dont claim the credit.To claim the credit without a SSN, you must attach a statement giving the name and address of the caregiver and describe the due diligence (reasonable efforts) you made to get the SSN.  The caregiver will be investigated for failure to pay taxes.  


Do you know if the T4 is correct, or should they have subtracted the amount in box 77 from the salary? Thanks.  

Any one of the personal versions except the online Free Edition can handle this, but I would not recommend anything less than Deluxe.  You certainly dont need Home & Business unless you have a complex sole proprietorship or single-member LLC.  


Im wondering if I can file for 2014 and 2013 tax years using this version.  

If the IRS rejects the return, you can correct and resubmit it. If the IRS accepts the return, and  If the return you filed was incorrect, or needs to be changed you need to file an amended return on Form 1040-X.  Amended returns for the current  year can be done on line, but must be filed on paper.  If the amended return is for a refund, the IRS currently takes from 12 - 16 weeks to process amended returns and issue them.See this Turbotax article:  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/general-program-issues/tax-essentials/7781.htmlAmended returns must be filed in 3 years.  If you timely filed your 2007 return, the statute for filing an amended return for a refund ends April 15, 2011.  Refunds for timely filed prior years are barred by statute.  


Received a Mortgage Interest statement form 1098 for a timeshare we have in the states. Mortgage interest received from payer is for example $4000.00 USD (box 1 on the 1098) and Principal Balance as of year end is $23 000 (in box 5). Where do I enter this information in Turbotax.ca and which boxes in Turbotax are we suppose to use? Please note that we own the timeshare based on credits and that we borrowed a loan from them in order to obtain more credits....(dont get me started...we are trying to get out of this situation). Please assist. Thank you!  

The VA Funding fee is mortgage insurance and is deductible.Go to Deductions and Credits, under Your Home, on Mortgage Insurance click start  


I waited for two months for my return just to learn that my return was never submitted.  In the process of using turbo tax I misunderstood the ending filing process due to clarity issues in the program.  I am now worried that I will not receive my return or be penalized for it.  

You report a 1099-R atFederal TaxesWages & Incomeexplore on my ownscroll down toRetirement Plans and Social SecurityIRA, 401k, Pension Plans 1099-R      click start or updateif that is not where you entered the form originally, then go back to where you entered it originally and delete your entries, then enter it in the proper place.  


A different Q&A thread on this issue: "You are claiming an amount for an eligible dependant. Please confirm that the dependant's net income is zero." asked me to contact an agent. Twice now and still no resolution. I've filed my tax with identical information in previous years and I don't know what the issue is  

correct  


I efiled my daughters 2014 taxes on jan 31 2016.  Her cra account indicates they havent received it.  I would like to file it again, but I dont want to be charged for the program again.  I have a receipt.  

You report all of the information on the 1099-R, including employee contributions in the same data entry area.Federal TaxesWages & Incomeexplore on my ownRetirement Plans and Social SecurityIRA, 401k, Pension Plans 1099-R  click start or updateThe Turbotax data entry form has the same box numbers as are on your paper form.  


I have taken most of my required minimum distribution from IRAs after age 70 1/2, but I missed the IRS filing deadline of April 18. How should I proceed?  

deleted  


I can not netfile because it says I had a business in 2015 in a different province; I removed my business from my 2015 return because it was disposed of in late 2014, and I forgot to remove the entry (I also moved provinces last year). I removed this entry from turbotax but it still won't let me file. Any ideas? Thanks  

Next year, be sure to enter the correct basis when asked for it in the interview.   For your 2011 tax, it probably did affect your tax liability if you had a distribution during the year (if the year end amount was not correct, then the taxable amount would be affected).   The bottom line tax might not have changed because of the "steps" in the tax tables.   You can download and file a corrected 8606 form from the IRS website and file it by itself to make the correction.http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f8606--2011.pdfhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i8606--2011.pdf  


i am geting two t4 from same employer. should I file both of them? why this is happening?  

Enter the company name and subscriber number. I believe on the next screen you will be able to indicate that you did not receive a 1099-HC.You should also try to determine if your insurance meets MCC:http://www.mass.gov/?pageID=dorterminal&L=4&L0=Home&L1=Individuals+and+Families&L2=Health+Care+Reform+Information&L3=Individuals&sid=Ador&b=terminalcontent&f=dor_healthcare_individual_FAQs&csid=Ador#4  


States my form is filled out and $0 can't get to form tax questions Iines to enter anything  

Do nothing until the IRS contacts you . If they want your W-2 they will send you a letter asking for it and they will include instructions on where to mail it.  


When i enter my code it says please enter a valid code  

Did you enter them in the Wages section, and under each persons name?  Be sure you didnt enter them both as belonging to the same person.  


Income code 12,  Chap.3 exemption code 04 , chapter 4 exemption code 16   This is NOT foreign income from a pension or investment, this is internet earnings from Publishing.  

Cost is 200,000 * original share price + $20.  Proceeds are 100 * sale price - commissions.  


Receiving CPP but still working and paying into CPP at work. So not retired. Unable to Netfile without putting number of months retired. And am I able to get back any of the amount I have been paying into CPP from work after having received it.  

Your refund could be delayed a couple days for processing if you decide to have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, BUT it is better to pay by credit card or debit card because there is a additional charge of $29.95 for the service to have your fees deducted from your refund (if you dont have a credit or debit card you could purchase a pre-paid card from most stores)  


Since I had a dependant living with me until Sept. Of 2015, shouldn't I change my return to reflect that?  

You can claim 2010 education expenses for academic periods beginning in 2010 and in the first three months of 2011. So, you can claim these education expenses if you can claim your daughter as a dependent for 2010.  Since your daughter was not a full-time student in 2010, she would have to be a dependent as your qualifying relative, meaning her taxable income would need to be under $3650 in 2010.  


Turbo Tax claimed credits, I did not enter or wanted to claim, like Farmers credit (I am not a farmer), disability credit (I am not disabled), Foreign Tax Credit ( I dont have any foreign Interests).. Ontario Health Premium (I did not claim) .I am really disappointed and now have to do my return all over again..probably not with Turbo tax for sure..I called right after my taxes when I was going through the summary and the customer service rep told me, it is probably a glitch in our system. How does it help me? I tried calling today 8 times with the incident#, but the call always gets disconnected after it says we are transferring you. It is definitely not my phones problem, but your systems. what is the solution now? How can Turbo tax correct the errors with CRA?  

Yes.People are getting accepted as part of the normal tax filing process... One example.https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/aRKgKOqGyr4BgReJe_aNeW/just-got-accepted?ppid=113051981  


I do not know my unused tuition and I do not have the Notice of Assessment from last year. Anywhere I can find this information?  

To check your RI refund statushttps://www.ri.gov/cgi-bin/taxation/refund/status.cgiIf you need to contact your State see the following for contact informationhttp://www.tax.ri.gov/contact/  


I finished the tax return but somewhere after the payment process I couldn't get a printout copy of the receipt for proof payment , nor a copy of the tax return and I never got to the message where it says do you want to "netfile"?  I did a second return where I went throughout the entire process and was able to get the receipt and copy of the tax return and sent it through  "NETFILE" which is how I know what the steps are required to complete it.  

As long as you tell TT in 2010, the date your placed the asset in SERVICE in 2008 and the correct cost and that it is residential rental property, it should give you the correct deprecation for year 3 which is 2010.  Residential rental property is basically straight-line depreciation for 27.5 years. You can manually check the 2010 depreciation by finding the depreciation percentage for year 3 in the MACRS depreciation table for residential real estate and multiplying that percentage times the cost of the residential rental property.  If you dont get the correct answer, then you have missed something in TT.  You need to make sure that TT knows that this is NOT a new asset starting in 2010.  If TT asks for accumulated depreciation, enter that amount in (which will be the 08 and 09 amounts).  


Since I signed up to the union in Dec 2015 my union dues didnt make it on my T4. However I have the dues from the month of December receipt and the membership fee receipt.  

That would be Form 8829 Expenses for Business Use of Your Home.  


i have two minors that live with me full time.I have always claimed them .when i filed return i realized no questions were asked about them.  

For a state return, 5 days is about the longest it should usually take, though it occasionally takes longer. For federal, 5 days is longer than it should take, normally.If your federal return has been pending for 5 days or more, then your return is most likely being held due to the late legislation. The IRS is unable to process some returns until February 14th due to late tax law changes passed by congress. The most common reason is itemized deductions, but you can check the link below for a more complete description. After the IRS begins accepting these returns, TurboTax will automatically transmit your return.You can see the article linked below for more details.http://turbotax.com/support/go/GEN80443  


When filing my taxes no questions were asked .Does that mean it imported my previous info?  

If you are over the age of 23 in 2011 and have income of $3700 or more then you cannot be claimed as a dependent under the qualifying relative rules.If you were 23 or younger in 2011 and a full time student (5 months) you could be claimed as a dependent under the qualifying child rules if all the requirements are met.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- they must be US citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico----- the child must be younger than you unless disabled.A full time student is someone who met the schools criteria for full time student for any portion of any five months during the year. If in school from 1/1 - 5/1, they would be five months.  


Solved...check box on schedule 3 to deem dividends as eligible not checked.  

To qualify for the filing status of Qualifying Widow, you must have a dependent child and you can use that status for only two years after your spouse dies. If your spouse died in 1990, you would not qualify for that status even with a dependent child.You can find all of the requirements for that filing status in IRS Pub. 501, starting on page 8.http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf  


It says that my return is $169 but Im only getting $70, why did it take away 99?  

If a friendly chat with them does not sway them from claiming you:Prepare your return as you believe it should be prepared, including taking your own personal exemption.  File the return on paper by mail; do not efile.  If your return hits the IRS first, everything will be fine.  If the parents filing hits there first, the IRS will process your return and will contact both parties to resolve the issue.  Winner gets the exemption; loser gets loss of the exemption, penalties and interest and a special place in the IRSs "were watching you" file.  Just be aware that this will not be a quick process of resolution so be prepared for a drawn out exercise.  


Il manque la page 2 du formulaire Sommaire des champs  saisir des annexes et du formulaire TP-1029.TM(TPF-1.X)  

You enter summary numbers and maintain the supporting detail that will prove to the IRS that the summary amount is correct.Tom Young  


Est-ce que a peut mtre nuisible? Est-ce forcment la plus avantageuse, pour moi, qui sera retenue?  

Im not sure what you mean by "blank form".  Are you asking how you start another return after youve already completed one?If so, at the top menu bar in the left corner, click on FILE, then in the drop-down menu choose "New Tax Return".If thats not what you are asking, then please provide more information.  


After filling out a T4a I then also filled out the T2125.  However, now Im trying to sign up for my CRA online account and its asking me for the amount I submitted on line 135 and I cant find that anywhere in TurboTax.  I indicated in Turbotax that i am self employed.  So what is the amount in Turbotax that represents line 135?  

No.You put your unemployment atPersonalPersonal Incomeexplore on my own (if it comes up)Unemployment  


I need to complete a T1258  

The loss can be reported in the year it occurred in Home and Biz under the Personal tab then Deductions and Credits. Then Explore on My Own then select Other Deductions and Credits. Then select Casualties and Thefts. When you enter the information on the screen Casualty or Theft Event be sure to mark that it was Business Use or Personal Use. Tax topic 515 has more information and links regarding casualty losses, and can be found here:  http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc515.html  


If I set up Direct Deposit for the first time with the CRA can I now Netfile my return?  

Two reasons:Because as the statute is written, the purpose of the credit is to permit the custodial parent to work.  You are not the custodial parent.Because you pay child support, you dont pay the child care agency.  


I have a permanent physical disability, and receive $12,264 from the Ontario Disability Support Program annually. Thats my sole source of income. I input my T5 slip here on TurboTax. Strangely, though, my review page is telling me that my refund is $0.00. Is my refund not processed until I officially submit, or am I doing something wrong? Thanks!  

The you will not be able to deduct property tax.  


Intuit\nsupport asked me to submit my .tt15 file. They said to access your online\nreturn and click on Send my file at the bottom of the page. I was not\nable to find any option to Send my file at the bottom of any page\nonline? Incident # is 418702632.  

Yes - closing costs would reduce the sales price of the property.  


I can't efile because of the naics code is invalid.  I did not buy the Business home TurboTax but there should be no reason that the one I need to use.  None of the Six figure codes work.  I am a CRA employee and this is a very bogus program designed to force people to purchase the more expensive program.  I intend to make this public unless it's fixed!  

Why cant you use "various" for the purchase date. You should be able to use the average cost method for cost basis.  


I entered my social security 3and it won't accept it?  

All of it.  


why is my capital loss doesnt impact the tax that I owe  

1099-H relates to Health Care Organizations and Advance Payments-This is not part of the personal income tax series.In what context are you asking?  


When attempting to file my federal tax, I receive the following error message:error message codes: 95548A, NA, NA. Please advise on how to resolve this issue. My Quebec return was files successfully  

I have answered my own question by speaking to IRS.  The best thing is to completely cancel the incorrect payment by phone and then submit a check for the correct amount with the amended return.  The correct IRS phone number is 1-800-555-3453.   The number given in previous posts no longer works.  


i would like to delete the form , but i cannot find the delete button.  

There is not.  If you didnt keep a list of the items and their condition, there would be no way to value them.  


we purchase annual family ski passes. Is this considered a physical activity under children fitness credit?  

answered in your other posthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/ciu9OkkaWr4zJleJe_aVvK/which-premier-turbo-tax-verson-if-filing-joint-federal-but-state-seperate?ppid=113660442  


Hi, we have TFSA account and contribution for 2014 and 2015 and but we never claimed it 2014 and 2015, so wondering if I can still claim it and how I can claim it?  

your spouse is never a dependent. If you file jointly you get a personal exemption for yourself and one for your spouse.On a joint return you can claim the children as they are the qualifying children of your wife.However, my answer would only be true, if your spouse and children are US citizens or residents. If not, there are a lot of other factors to consider. If that is the case, please post back.  


The total of the entries is $693 less than the amount shown on Line 121 of Schedule 4. What is going wrong?  

Requirements for a Qualifying Relative dependent (your fiance): The person cannot be a qualifying child for you or anyone else.   The person must  live with you all yea (365 days) as a member of  your household. The person’s taxable income must be less than $3,650 for the year.   You provide more than ½ of the person’s total support for the year. The person must be a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico for part of the year  


I disposed of a rental property this year and unfortunately incurred a terminal loss. The online version of TurboTax Premier does not automatically zero-out the UCC and record on line 9948. Per Chapter 3 of Guide T4036,  In the year you dispose of your rental property, you can subtract this terminal loss from your rental income and, if the loss is more than your rental income, you can create a rental loss. Enter your terminal loss on line 9948, Terminal loss, of Form T776. Can someone please help?  

Do you have earned income?  


I am the higher income earner but I cannot use the credit as it non-refundable. My spouse has tax owing so i would like to try and apply the credit to her return. Can this be done?  

The family tax cut is only applied to the higher wage earner.  It compares your higher tax rate to your spouses lower tax rate and adjusts your tax rate down to match, up to a certain amount of money. In this way it saves you a bit of tax as long as you still have tax payable, or as long as the two earners are not in the same tax bracket.  


hello, CRA has assessed a higher Net federal tax owing then your software.  they suggested i contact you for an explanation of the delta. please advise. thank you  

You can claim these as medical expenses.  However, only the amount in excess of 7.5% of AGI qualifies as an itemized deduction, and your total itemizeds must be more than the Standard deduction.  


Hello,I have T4A and Releve 1 forms from Emploi Quevec (Ministere de Travail, de l"Emploi) they payed for my studies in the college.In my papers:              in T4A I have 269$ in box 28 (other income)             in Releve 1 case O (RS) 269$ (Financial Assistance)The problem is:             in Turbo Tax I put 269$ in the box 28 of T4A form, then I go to fill out Releve 1 and there is automaticly filled by Turbo Tax 269$ in box:  Other Income from a T4(A) box 28 & Adjustments benefits (RG, RH, RI).But in my Releve 1 its box O (RS).Should I remove 269$ from box "Other Income from a T4(A) box 28 & Adjustments benefits (RG, RH, RI)" (Releve 1)  and put it in only box O case RS (Releve 1)?Or it will be appear in both boxes?Thank you,Yulia  

"my wife works for a FL based company out of our home"That has no effect on either your federal or state taxes.If your wife is a resident of AL and performs the work in AL it is AL income.  The fact that the company is in Florida (or Alaska, or Canada) would make no difference.  


we owned a house for 8 months we moved Sept 1 2015 and arrived in a new (free) clergy home for the remaining 4 months.  

Under the Business tab select Business Income and Expenses. Then go into the Explore on My Own option. Select Business Income and Expenses and Edit your business. Select the Espenses section.  YOull enter those expenses in the Miscellaneous Expenses section (very last one)  


What do I do to file and access Quebec provincial filing?  

If you did a Quebec and Federal return (with the Quebec address) automatically you will be able to see the box that asks you to file RQ after you have reviewed your return.  Follow the directions for Revenue Quebec and it will confirmed you filed. If you still cant find this kindly call us by clicking the following link to the Contact Us page. Then complete the required information. A phone number will appear, along with your incident ID. Call the number. This will ensure that an appropriate agent is assigned to your query:https://support.turbotax.intuit.ca/contact/  


JAI UN RELEV 24 POUR FRAIS DE GARDE  30.00 PAR JOUR AINSI QUUN RELEV 19.  PAR CONTRE JE NAI PAS DE REU INDIQUANT REU FDRALEST-CE QUE JE DOIS DEMANDER UN REU FDRAL  LA GARDIENNE, OU SI JE PRENDS LE RELEV 24 POUR DEMANDER LA DDUCTION AU FDRAL  

If you cant remember the user ID that you used, you can use the link below to get a list of your user IDs emailed to you.https://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jspEnter the email address that you would have used, and TurboTax will email you a list of user IDs associated with that email address.  


I am trying to calculate business-use-of-home expenses.  In 2014, I had an amount carried forward from 2013 and I noted that the amount was the business use of home expenses available to carry forward from the worksheet.  How do I get to the worksheet from my 2014 taxes to find this amount for 2015?  

Your understanding is right!On page 7 "home office" of IRS Publication 529 Miscellaneous Expenses, it states that you can deduct expenses of going between your home and workplace if your home is your principal place of business for the same trade of business.  You dont have to take the home office deduction to figure your mileage this way.  See the detail at: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdfThe way to sail through an audit on this item is to have a car mileage log.  Something thats kept up religiously as a diary of mileage.  The IRS doesnt like to see a calendar and "mapquests"...they want the old fashioned log, and they wont argue with it.Go ahead and take your deduction; you are entitled to it.  


we never received these documents T4A(P) or T4A(OAS)  

If the loans were in both of your names, you have no recourse. The IRS does not care what the divorce decree says.  


I have filed my T1 for 2015 & received my Assessment. In my T1 I elected to stop contributing to CPP for 12 months of 2015. The election has been refused; I turned 65 only on 2 March 2015. How can I change my T-1 to stop CPP contributions after 2 March (i.e. for 10 months, not 12 months) ?  

You could use global replace on the TXF file to update all the taxrefs to the B or C type.- N321 is for short term, type A- N711 is for short term, type B- N712 is for short term, type C- N323 is for long term, type D- N713 is for long term, type E- N714 is for long term, type FFor your situation, you could use the following process to change all type A to C...- remove the imported data- make a copy of your TXF file- in the new TXF file, global replace N321 with N712- import edited TXF file and checkGranted, a little work, but likely less effort when there are many trades to move.-----------------------------------------------------SCHEDULE D TAX TOOL (excel to txf)www.moosetechsoftware.com/sdtt.htm-----------------------------------------------------  


I need to enter amounts of PST to my taxes for 2014, BC does not have HST.  How do I enter these amounts in the format where it only lists GST and HST?  

Cosmetic surgery is not deductible unless it improves a deformity from a congenital abnormality, injury, or disfiguring disease.  


what professional code is aPsychotherapist  

You can go to  https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/  Once there, you will select the topic that relates to your situation and then choose if you want to call or chat with a Tax Expert.  


I want to use a prepaid vanilla mastercard to pay my turbotax fees,would like to know it is acceptable before i spend the money to load the card.  

Turbotax Online works only for current year (tax year 2010) taxes.If you want to use TurboTax for a 2009 return you will need to purchase the 2009 Desktop Version, which you can do at this link:http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the 2009 return by mail.The IRS does not accept e-file of prior year returns.  


I can't see them on my account.  

You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 


I have been waiting for a call for over 1 month.  This is the last step I have before I can file my taxes so please contact me.  

Hi there,Here is information that may help answer your question:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/My-Dependent-Was-Claimed-on-Another-Return/GEN84431.htmlHope you find this helpful. Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz  


Numro du logement (case A du relev 31 sa veux dire quoi  

It is not.  


I just have a question for my taxes next year  

This article might help you decidehttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Military-Spouse-Residency-Relief-Act-and-State-Taxes/GEN12759.html?_requestid=18903  


Il ny a pas de dpenses demploi mais il y a une erreur Si vous demandez des dpenses demploi, vous devez remplir le formulaire Conditions gnrales demploi pour rendre la dclaration admissible  ImptNet Qubec. qui nous empche denvoyer le rapportToutes les questions sont non ?  

Medicare payments are health insurance premiums and are deducted as an itemized medical deduction.Report the amount of medicre that you paid in Deductions and Credits, under Medical, on Medical Expenses click start  


I own 50% of the rental properties - do I need to put in 50% of teh gross proceeds, CCRA and other applicable data?  

tands6705, make sure your system meets all the TurboTax ONLINE system requirements. Refer to the link http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12939Double check that your browser is supported by TurboTax, we have encountered this problem as of late. Specifically with individuals on Beta browsers. If the problem persists please let me know.Best of luck tands, hopefully I could be of assistance.  


i use my personal car for company business, can i claim my mileage, when the company reimburses me my gas as a taxable benefit?  

In general, negative income on line 1 should reduce your tax. However, there are a whole lot of situations where it wouldnt. You may already be low enough that youre paying no tax and your refund is everything thats been withheld. In that case, you cant go lower than zero, so thered be no effect. Also a possibility, depending on the nature of the partneship, is that if its considered "passive income," the negative value wont be deductible until you get positive passive income from somewhere else or else you liquidate your position in this partnership. That nondeductible passive loss should carry forward to next year, but it wont change taxes due or refunded this year.  


I already paid $132.20 for home and business for both me and my husband, as well as pro-review. There was a problem with the return, which has FINALLY been resolved (after over a week of waiting) and now I am being asked to pay again. How do I print my return with out paying again for a product I already paid for?  

You dont have to change it anywhere, the program is just reminding you to enter home expenses if you have them  


Can't  log on to to Quebec  filing.Shows CRA ,but no QRM how do I proceed ?  

If you are asking about the withholding of a penalty or taxes when you took the IRA distribution, that amount is shown on the 1099-R that you should have received and you enter it when you enter all the information from the 1099-R into TurboTax. TurboTax will then enter the tax penalty or withholding on to the proper lines of form 1040 and it will be credited as a payment to your tax liability. The penalty, if any, is on line 58 and the tax withheld is on line 61.  


Tax return is for an independent contractor earning modest income. When business expenses like (i.e. vehicle, oil, gas, cca) are deducted, the net refund actually gets smaller. Given that net income is decreased and taxable income is decreased I would expect the refund to increase. After doing some research, I discovered that the working income tax benefit is affected and after doing some number experimenting determined that this was the main reason for the decreased refunds. That leaves me still though with the question, am I allowed to omit those expenses? Are there any other drawbacks to omitting them if I choose to not claim certain business expenses like my vehicle expenses and CCA?  

Yes, that is considered a cash donation.  


I thought I filed my taxes 2 months ago, but through frustration of not get my return, I checked the FAQs and I apparently I did not complete the final step, and when I tried to do that I was prompted to upgrade to premier which I did not even make use of because I am filing one thing, so I got charged $30 for a small claim and with premier I didnt change any information. Now my tax return is late and I will most likely be penalized, just because the filing process is not very clear on not so turbo tax.  

You will have to try to change everything back to the way it was when you filed your tax return. Unless you saved a file of your original tax return to your computer (as TurboTax recommended), no file of your original return exists except with the IRS. You can request a transcript of your return from the IRS. Here is a link: http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=110571,00.html  


Au cours de lanne jai travailler en tant que technicien en architecture sur une base temporaire et je cherche a savoir ou je dois declarer mes revenus durant cette priode est-ce bien dans un T2125 ?  

If you are looking at a review or summary screen those show the full amount as income for your own info.  Check the actual 1040 lines 15b or 16b and make sure it is right.  You can see the actual 1040 form by switching to Forms Mode.  Click Forms in the upper right and open the 1040.  


I have capital expenditures for my rental property how do I claim them  

Im assuming you deducted interest on the mobile home.Those unusual circumstances would need to be answered directly by the IRS, but my suspicion is that you would not be eligible for the credit.You can only deduct interest if you have direct ownership or beneficial ownership in the property.  jEither one would disqualify you from the credit.  If you deducted the interest, you would be asserting that you had beneficial ownership.  It would be difficult to now change your position and say you didnt.(There are other issues that may consider you a beneficial owner, especially if you were one of several beneficiaries of your fathers estate.)  


I need the calculations  

This might be the 10% early withdrawal penalty if you are under 59 1/2 when you received it.   OR the amount of income withhheld on the annuity distribution was insufficient to cover the amount of tax it added to your income.  


For Income Tax purposes, this dividend is fully franked (100%) at a tax rate of 30%  

What are you trying to accomplish?  (If your llc was a disregarded entity, it doesnt matter whether you are still an llc or not.)  


The employer received the WCB payments, not me. He put the amount in box 77 and when I do my taxes, it inflates my income by that amount. Can you please assist? Thanks.  

Its not a separate payment - its either included in the balance due with your return, or has already reduced your refund.  


Hi there,I need my 11 digit tax claim confirmation number from last year.Please help.Thank you in advance,Ousmane  

Probably if he meets all of these tests. (A son does not have to live with you for test 2)Qualifying Relative tests1) A child is not your qualifying relative if the child is your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer (See Qualifying child tests).2) Despite the name the person does not have to actually be related if they lived in the household the entire year, closely related persons do not have to live with you.3) Gross income for the year must be less than $3,650. (Tax-exempt income, such as certain social security benefits, is not included in gross income)4) You  must provide more than half of a persons total support during the calendar year.5) The person cannot be a dependent of another tax payer.6) The person cannot be file married filing jointly on their own return.You cannot claim a person as a dependent unless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or MexicoSee Pub 17 for more informationhttp://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2010_publink1000170933  


I set up direct interim payments during the year to CRA. How can I make a change?  

USED CAR:  if you itemize your deductions and you dont have a state income tax or elect to take the sales tax deduction instead of the state  income tax deduction, you can add the sales tax paid (even if you financed it) on a new or used car to the amount of the sales tax from the IRS table to get your deduction for 2010. It goes underFederal TaxesDeductions and CreditsExplore on my OwnThen scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidSales Tax - click the Start or Update button You might see a screen saying Lets compare your sales tax and income taxChoose Try Sales Tax Deduction AnywayThen click on EasyGuideEnter your State and then your rateThen on Did you buy any Major Purchases answer YESYou should get a screen with boxes to enter the item You can add the sales tax for a car (new or used) you bought in 2010 to the general sales tax table but not to the standard deduction like last year.BACK TAXES:  You can not deduct Federal Taxes paid on a federal return, no matter what year they are for.  You can only deduct any state taxes or estimates actually paid (for any year) in 2010 on your 2010 federal return. But just the tax, not interest.  Enter it under Federal Taxes or Personal  (for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsExplore on my OwnThen scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonThen check the box for Paid state or local taxes on any prior year return  


I believe I put the correct information in both columns. Still it says they are long every time..  

Yes, you should file the S-Corp return. The IRS charges a 90 dollar per shareholder penalty for each month after March 15th (Sept. 15th if you extend) for late S-Corp returns.  


It says including consulting fees but I cant find an authoritative answer to my question. Appreciate your help, whether advice or being pointed to appropriate CRA website section. (Canadian answers only please)  

As answered in your other post, there is no requirement to file a Form 1099 for a personal transaction such as paying a babysitter.  However, he/she may be a household employee and you may be required to file Schedule H.  Who is required to file Schedule H (for household employees) is listed in the forms instructions.  You can read them here:  http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sh.pdf  


There is obviously something wrong with your program!  I did not expect a huge (ridiculous) refund so I just ignored it (and waited for the cheque ..LOL) and we ,as joint filers, paid the small sum showed showing on my wife's return.Now CRA is after us, including interest!Please explain what is going on here and tell me how to correct this.  

Since she is under the age of 19 and a dependent, she does not have to file a return if her gross income is less than $5,700.  


Jobtiens le message \nVeuillez prendre connaissance du ou des messages suivants. Apportez ensuite les corrections ncessaires  votre dclaration, puis transmettez-la de nouveau. Puisque vous avez inscrit un montant  la ligne 409 de lannexe E (partie A), vous devez inscrire un montant aux lignes suivantes de votre dclaration de revenus fdrale : - ligne 56 (Impt fdral de base) ou ligne 57 (Crdit fdral pour impt tranger); - ligne 431 (Impt sur le revenu ne provenant pas dune entreprise pay  un pays tranger); - ligne 433 (Revenu tranger net ne provenant pas dune entreprise). (T3H0E409) Vous avez besoin de renseignements? Communiquez avec le Service daide ImptNet Qubec. (T3Z00004) Vous avez transmis votre dclaration par Internet avant la date limite, qui tait le 2 mai 2016,  minuit. Cependant, votre dclaration comporte des erreurs. Nous considrerons que la date limite du 2 mai 2016 est respecte si, avant minuit le 3 mai 2016, vous transmettez par Internet votre dclaration corrige et quelle est accepte.\n\nJai dj soumis ma declaration fdrale. Comment est-ce que je peux corriger ce problme? Je ne vois pas ou je peux retrouver linformation quon me demande de corriger...  

Use the Car Registration Fee Section for Missouri.  


I need to know where to put his amount in that he paid for the tools for his job  

Until the property is "available for rent" you capitalize the repairs and improvements you make to the property.  They become part of the propertys basis.Tom Young  


Both my wife and I are priests in the Anglican Church of Canada, clergy in other words.  I was surprised that TurboTax asked me to fill out the deduction for both, I thought only one could claim it?  What gives?  

Complete Sch C.  


Doesn't show federal tax breakdown..detail.  I have a EI clawback nowhere to see or enter it.  Lines 235 and 422.  Been using this service for 10 years doing family taxes,no more...previous years worked better could review by lines on tax form to check...  

Try just entering zero. Sometimes we cannot tell what you might actually have so we ask questions that cover everyone. Hope this helps.  


I can see the code right on the CRA website.  

If interest received is listed under your childs social security number you are not required to report it on any tax return until it exceeds $1900.00  


I need to enter the amount of my cpp to my return. Why was there no box for the to be entered?  

You can use a special standard meal allowance if you work in the transportation industry. You are in the transportation industry if your work:    *      Directly involves moving people or goods by airplane, barge, bus, ship, train, or truck, and    *      Regularly requires you to travel away from home and, during any single trip, usually involves travel to areas eligible for different standard meal allowance rates.This includes individuals subject to the Department of Transportations “hours of service” limits include the following persons.* Certain air transportation workers (such as pilots, crew, dispatchers, mechanics, and control tower operators) who are under Federal Aviation Administration regulations.* Interstate truck operators and bus drivers who are under Department of Transportation regulations.* Certain railroad employees (such as engineers, conductors, train crews, dispatchers, and control operations personnel) who are under Federal Railroad Administration regulations.* Certain merchant mariners who are under Coast Guard regulations._______AmountThe amount is $59/day overnight ($65 in Alaska or Hawaii)_____________Where to DeductThe deduction is a miscellaneous itemized deduction if you are an employee.  Miscellaneous itemized deductions are only available if you qualify to itemize and only to the extent that they exceed 2% of your Adjusted Gross Income.  Example:  If your AGI is $50,000, only miscellaneous deductions over $1,000 are deductible.  Because of this, many items deductible as miscellaneous itemized deductions have no tax value because the taxpayer doesnt itemize, or because they are lost in the 2% of adjusted gross income limitation.  


I was able to file my personal return with Turbotax Premier using the CRA Partner Sign-in method (No CRA Code) using my bank login.  However, when I attempt to file my T2 return with Turbotax Business Incorporated it seems to ONLY support the CRA Code method.  Does Turbotax Business Incorporated support the sign-in partner method and if so, how?  

What is correct is that you can not report your childs wages on your tax return.If his income was all wages reported on a W-2, he doesnt have to file his own return unless he made more than $5,700 or he wants his withholding back. If his income was reported on a 1099-MISC, then he does have to file and pay self-employment tax. If he files his own return, make sure that he indicates that he can be claimed by someone else.  


So I couldnt go forward with the free one, thats why I paid for the upgrade, but it didnt change anything and it made me just disappointed... I thought it would make it easier to get my tax return, because I am currently in the other country and I cant call a canadian number, and also I cant access my CRA account.I have no idea how I can deal with this, since I had no problem until this year. Are they still going to wait for my call until I get back to canada? It is going to be another month.  

Thank you so much for your help.  The answer was to add CA before the numbers.  Who would have guessed!!!  


If yes, can it claimed as child support as there is an son born Oct 1990 who does not work full time, income 2015 was $5304.This son usually attends U of T, but did not in 2015 because of his health.  Son lives in separate condo and the mother pays all his expenses  

Per IRS rules you must use it, even if it does not change your taxes (or even if you do not need to file taxes)From IRS 550Capital loss carryover.   If you have a total net loss on line 16 of Schedule D that is more than the yearly limit on capital loss deductions, you can carry over the unused part to the next year and treat it as if you had incurred it in that next year. If part of the loss is still unused, you can carry it over to later years until it is completely used up.   When you figure the amount of any capital loss carryover to the next year, you must take the current years allowable deduction into account, whether or not you claimed it and whether or not you filed a return for the current year. http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2010_publink100010662  


need to continue  

Did you use the on-line or desktop version.  If the latter (you indicate its on an old computer) then you have the only copy of the file, and it would need to be recovered from there.If you used the on-line version, which one did you use?  


Bonjour,Je ne comprends pas pourquoi selon le logiciel, je dois payer de limpot au provincial de 300$ alors que mon seul revenu est une bourse dtude de 20 667,00 qui est non imposable et un emploi tudiant de 519$ pour lanne.  Les bourses dtudes provinciales du Qubec ne sont-elles pas non-imposable?Merci  

Yes, the IRS gets a copy of the 1099-B and will expect to see it reported on your tax return. You enter the sales information atFederal TaxesWages & IncomeExplore on my ownInvestment IncomeStocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, OtherYou need to enter the sales proceeds, and your tax basis, which is the amount that you paid for the CD when you bought it.If you dont report it and show that you had no gain, the IRS will assume that the entire proceeds is a fully taxable short term gain.  


Federal tuition should increase the return by 15%.  

Generally, if the intent of the trust is to liquidate its assets, the trust is treated as a grantor trust for tax purposes.  A Grantor Information Statement is available in the 1041 to report all trust income and deductions to the trust beneficiaries.  


I was wondering whether or not low income tax returns can still be filed for free.  I am helping my mother-in-law with her taxes and signed in under the standard turbo tax product.  In the past, when it came time to pay, it told me it was free under the freedom option.  Not this time.  

Only the Free Edition is free for federal.  You both are in Deluxe.  Deluxe is currently 29.95 for federal and 36.95 for state.  Total = 66.90  


\n\nUsing Turbo Standard Edition for my daughter.  She is Self Employed with many expenses.  I accounted for Gas, Parking, Lodging, &\nAdvertising.  I couldnt find where to\nput other expenses such as Clothing, beauty products, agency fees, gym &\nfitness training).  I put them in Other\nExpenses in Statement of Employee Expenses; however her refund is still low.\nShould I switch to the Business Turbo Tax or is there somewhere in standard\nedition I can put these amounts to max. her return.  Also I dont know where I put her Commission\nincome\n\n  

The child tax credit is not a refundable credit.  That means that the credit can only reduce your tax liability.  Once your tax liability reaches zero it can not be reduced further.  If you had no tax liability even without the child tax credit, then the credit will be of no benefit to you.  If you did have a tax liability that got reduced to zero by the Child Tax Credit then you might be eligible the the "Additional Child Tax Credit" which is a separate credit and is a refundable credit.The TurboTax interview for the child tax credit will walk you through that.  


does not allow netfile because I left Canada sept 20, 2015 and returned jan 2, 2016. my residency has not changed  because it is under 183 days. how to fix this? advice  

They would have to be citizens of the US,  Mexico or Canada  


My mother whose the only income is OAS has $900 medical expenses. My calculations show that she is eligible to $120 refundable medical expense supplement. However r your program failed to claim any refund.  

I think you should contact the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 for advice.  Perhaps the IRS will catch their mistake and maybe not.  Your 2011 return might be rejected as a result.  Call them.  


Bonjour, la suite de problmatiques avec la production de ma dclaration de revenus avec ImptRapide de luxe en ligne, jai clavard avec le service  la clientle le 5 mars 2016 (avec 11_Berenice D de 11:02:23  13:16:56). La solution propose fut de complter la demande de remboursement du logiciel ImptRapide disponible  ladresse suivante : http://support.intuit.ca/impotrapide/fr-ca/iq/Demander-le-remboursement-d-un-logiciel-Imp-tRapide/HO.... Jai transmis tous les documents requis par courriel  CanadaReturns@intuit.com le 6 mars 2016. Nayant obtenu aucune rponse de la part dIntuit Canada, jai tent de communiquer  nouveau par courriel le 3 mai 2016. Nayant toujours pas eu de rponse, jai communiqu avec le service  la clientle par tlphone le 11 mai 2016 (numro de rfrence 418795703) o la prpose ma inform que malheureusement, il ntait pas possible de traiter ma demande de remboursement (malgr lindication contraire sur le site et suite  la sance de clavardage expose prcdemment). Les 3 options possibles sont : (1) attendre que le sige social  Mississauga daigne bien me rpondre et traiter ma demande de remboursement aprs plus de 10 semaines dattente; (2) contester les frais sur ma carte de crdit; (3) retourner le produit au magasin. Considrant quil existe une politique de remboursement (qui manifestement nest pas  point), je me questionne sur les pratiques dIntuit Canada quant au traitement rserv  ses clients...Ce faisant, jai communiqu avec lOffice de la protection du consommateur (OPC) qui me suggre de transmettre une mise en demeure. Ma question est donc la suivante:  quelle adresse postale dois-je transmettre ma mise en demeure?  

All tax preparation companies use the 8 to 14 days to receive a refund because it is based on the IRS Refund Cycle that appears below. Depending  on exactly when the IRS accepts your return the refund could take as little as 8 days or as long as 14 days. Remember the key date is when your return is accepted by the IRS, not the date you filed. It can also take a few more days depending on when you bank posts direct deposits. . Some banks post the deposit right away, while many banks take 24 to 48 hours (counting business days only)  to post the deposit to your account. http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p2043.pdf  


I do not have self employment earnings but your summary indicates i do and i can find no way of editing this  

You are in the Free edition.  If you go to http://www.taxfreedom.com a federal return and many states are free if you qualify.  You will need to create a new account and re-enter your data.  


It is the same money so why does it add it together? There is no way that the total income should be that high and says I owe $30000 in taxes.  

It can be taken out of your refund  


I live and worked in Ontario until mid-August. For the rest of the year I moved and became a non-resident but had no income (foreign nor Canadian).  

The amounts should be the same, assuming you did the exact same data entry, and answered the questions correctly.  Try comparing the two returns side-by-side.  


I get the error message   You are claiming an amount for an eligible dependant. Please confirm that the dependants net income is zero.    My zero-income daughter is my eligible dependant, not my son who has a $6k income.  

You only need to submit the one state return.  


how do I just put 4494.00 in the box? will CRA assume I am saving the balance for 2016 because it was purchased in the first 60 days of 2016?  

Did you key in some other kind of 1099 as a 1099-DIV in error?  


My university course included my textbooks and while there are computer expenses they are not as high as what TurboTax is calculating. Is there a way to adjust this?  

Go to the Your 2010 Income Summary screen and click the Done with Income button at the bottom of the screen. The questions about foreign bank accounts will pop then.  


This wasn't an issue if it weren't for the fact that this year, I had to file taxes with my wife separately and I had to pay $654.77 for my wife's tax return. We just have a T4 and T5s, no special situations, and this just doesn't make sense to me.  

Split them into separate lines in box 14. The maximum amount for NJ UI/WF/SWF is $125.80, NJ SDI is $148.00, and NJ FLI is $17.76.  


Mon fils n'a pas d'Internet et n'est pas en mesure de produire son rapport d'impt.  Puis-je le faire pour lui?  

You have to wait and see if they accept or reject your return. If they reject it for something you can fix it and resend it. If they accept it you will have to file an amended return.You shouldnt change anything after you mail or efile until you start the amended return process.  Also you have to wait until you get your first refund or your tax due payment has cleared your bank.Read this on how to amend a 2011 return�.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html  The amended return is form 1040X and can only be mailed (not efiled) and will take 8-12 weeks or more to process.  And they only send checks for amended returns, no direct deposit.  You should also wait to amend your return until you get your original refund or your payment has cleared because the IRS might adjust your original return.When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. Then the amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 17 should be your original refund amount and line 20 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 15.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 19.  


2013, 2014, and 2015 returns Netfiled. Have Netfile codes for all three.1) Got email confirmations for only 2014 and 2015.2) CRA website shows only 2014 and 2015.I want to know how to track whether CRA received 2013.  

The amount of your SS that is taxable depends on how much other income you have. Even if your SS benefit stays the same, if your other income goes up, the amount of your SS that is taxable goes up.  


Im trying to recover my cd key i bought online.  Ive deleted the information on my email when i bought it Feb 24, 2016.  file downloaded: TurboTax2015_bld3028_Feb24.  ( *********** )any other information do you need? i just wanted to check if i file my taxes since i havent received any tax returns from the government.Thank youwilliams ( ******** )  

If you indicate you started the business in June 2010, rent expenses would be deductible.  


Est-ce que mes dclarations sont bien rendu au gouvernement ?  

There may be a problem with your states tax website.  


that is the people that need the tax information.  

If you used the downloaded/CD version on your own computer then it is only on your computer.If you used the Online version then they should be able to access it ...See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a\ncopy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online  


Quelquun dautre a eu ce bogue?Cest RevQc qui bogue ou IR (ou un autre troll)?  

The system is working nowCurrent System Status  Production System: Operational      (updated at 1:00 am, Eastern on 1/18/12) The Modernized e-File (MeF) System was successfully brought back online this afternoon at 12:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time (January 18, 2012) and is now operational for Individual  (IMF) and Business (BMF) submissions. The ATS testing system is also operational.We thank you for your patience and apologize for the inconvenience caused by this delay.Please continue to monitor the MeF status page for any updates. Assurance Testing System (ATS):  Operational  


why is there a question mark ? instead of negative value for loss in schedule 3?  

Hi dusty baker, All employers are required to provide employees with W2 forms, whether federal taxes were withheld or not.  You should have received your W2 form by February 14, 2012.  Those wages must be reported on  your tax return.  But, if the person you were working for considers you to be an independent contractor and they paid you less than $600 in 2011, they were not required to provide you with a 1099-MISC form that would have reported how much they paid you in 2011.  However, you are still responsible for reporting that income.  If you received more than $600 in income, you should have received a 1099-MISC by February 14, 2012.If you believe that you should have received a W2 and you didnt, follow these steps given by the IRS: If you do not receive your Form W-2 or Form 1099-R by January 31st, or your information is incorrect, contact your employer/payer. If you do not receive the missing or corrected form by February 14th from your employer/payer, you may call the IRS at 800�829�1040 for assistance. You must provide your name, address (including zip code), phone number, Social Security Number, dates of employment, your employer/payers name, address (including zip code), and phone number. The IRS will contact the employer/payer for you and request the missing form. IRS will also send you a Form 4852 (PDF), Substitute for Form W-2 or Form 1099-R, along with a letter containing instructions. If you do not receive the missing form in sufficient time to file your tax return timely, you may use the Form 4852 to complete your return. If you receive the missing or corrected Form W-2 or Form 1099-R after you file your return and a correction is needed, use Form 1040X (PDF), Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return. For additional information on filing an amended return, refer to Topic 308. source: IRS Tax Topics, http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc154.htmlYou can also file an extension if you need time to gather your income documents.  You can use our free easy extension product: http://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/  


Jenregistre le changement mon tat civile. Jai personne de charge et je ne peux pas passer cet tap. quest-ce que je dois faire?  

A settlement for personal injuries is not taxable, including a settlement for pain and suffering.  An exception to this rule is that an award for punitive damages is deductible.  As the settlement for personal injuries is not taxable, legal fees to obtain the settlement are not taxable.However, if the annuity also includes interest (it normally would), the interest portion would be taxable.  


Is there a way to request through the program itself after completing T2 adjustment worksheet.  Or can barcode format be printed without having to buy another license?    http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/bsnss/tpcs/crprtns/ftr/rssssmnt/rqst-eng.html  

You mean RALs - Refund anticipation loans?  No, and H&R Block stopped doing them too.  


Jai fait 9 dclarations avec la version Impot rapide de Luxe en ligne. 2 de ces dclarations sont en bas de 25000$. Est-ce normale quon refuse mon code dactivation  la 9e dclaration?  

Married Filing Jointly is almost always better.  If you file MFS (which is not the same as Single), you both must itemize or both take the Standard deduction.  Certain deductions and credits are not available. There are also considerations if you live in community property state.  


So I see it did not tell me where to send any thing in or to what address.  

Yes - that is what it means if you have no dependents.  You are no longer eligible for the EIC. On the plus side you get Medicare now :-)  


Income tax submitted for xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx - cant find any via this account?  

Possibly,If youre not seeing the home heating credit, it may be that you didnt qualify for it. The household income thresholds for this credit are fairly low. See Table A and B at the end of the following instructions for these income thresholds. Keep in mind that household income may include income which is not taxable on your federal or Michigan return. http://www.michigan.gov/documents/taxes/MI1040CR7book_341560_7.pdfIf you do qualify, the home heating credit screens will appear immediately after the homestead property tax credit screens.  


I want to include the income for the NPO on my T2.  CRA has codes for NPO income however the GIFI statements wont allow me to put the correct code in.  I have no problems with the expenses, just the income.  I know the codes are 8221 and 8224, but the program isnt allowing me to enter them.  

The American Opportunity Credit offers as much as $2,500 in tax credits ($1,000 of that is refundable).  This means that, even with no income, you could get a refund of as much as the $1,000.  Go to Deductions & Credits / Education / Education Expenses and let TurboTax make the determination.  It will ask for your 1098-T numbers.  


I use VMware and Windows XP to do my taxes with Turbo Tax. You are not supporting Windows XP anymore so if I save my files, can I transfer them to MAC online version? Could I do it now so I know it works?  

If you filed 1/21/12 you wont get your refund on the 27th that is not even enough time to process your refund most people have a date of 2/1/12 to 2/7/12 for filing the same date  


Sorry I mess up by myself. This is a false report and please delete it.  

Hi lvmama2 -- see the comment for the answer to your question. Thanks.  


This is from the error review saying that The UCCB amounts designated must be included in the dependant's net income used for calculating the amount for eligible dependant.  

The s-corp is a separate entity. The S-corp files its own tax return (Due March 15th). It sounds like you may need some professional tax advise in order to get your S-corp return filed on a timely basis. Once the 1120S is prepared, there will ba a K-1 for you. you should see a local tax provider in your area.  


What is a prepayment code,activation code or coupon code,am i eligable to get one? If so how  

Whether you reinvested the proceeds or went on vacation with it, the income tax reporting is exactly the same, you enter the security sale as shown on 1099-B and pay tax on the profit or deduct the loss.One complication: if you had a loss on the sale of a security and you bought the same security through the other firm within 30 days of the sale then you cant deduct the loss yet, you have to defer it until you sell the replacement shares.  This is called a wash sale and gets a Code W in your reporting.  


