I have the confirmation  number from netfile.  I was told that if filed with netfile it will show very quickly  on my cra account  that  it is received. 
This is stupid. Why is it so tough to get a contact number in Canada? 
I applied for tax refund through turbo tax on March 9th, and I still couldn't get refund. I wonder why it still pending. Please let me know what's going on. 
My 4 yr old son was diagnosed as Type 1 diabetic in 2015, he has a valid T2201 on file. He is insulin-dependent; I must administer daily injections, monitor his blood sugar, prepare & calculate his meals, etc. Is he considered mentally or physically infirm? Do I have to complete a return for him because he is disabled? 
when I have almost fully done my return, Review section says I have not completed the Provincial tax and deductions page.   But when I return to the Provincial page in my return, all the entries on that form have been filled out.   It also shows that I OWE provincial tax, but the Review section says that I owe nothing, and it explains this by sayin that Ive not filled in the Provincial information.By the way, I see on the Answers page before this page that I am not the only one to have this problem.   Unfortunately, there was no answer available to that questioner either. 
My husband had hip replacement surgery on Aug.14th. He was on disability until Jan.31,2016. Can we claim disability and caregiver credits for Aug-Dec.2015? 
Seriously after 4 years you want $16 from me, too bad I live on disability and dont have enough money to make it through a month,  How is it NO ONE INFORMED US, you sent out e-mails that were a major waste, but nothing about the change for Quebec.  So glad I just spent over an hour making sure I Crossed my ts and dotted my eyes.  SUGGESTIONS?  Your paying would be fantastic, telling me I have to pay will never happen and I be sure to inform all those I have recommended this program to, to unsuggest it.  I NEED TO FILE MY TAXES and YOU ARE CAUSING RIDICULOUS DELAYSMORE TAGS: stupid, rip off, scared of Quebec and language laws??  If so you broke the law since no matter what this stupid place says I am entitled to EVERYTHING IN ENGLISH 
I have used your product 5 years no problem before. I AM NOT HAPPY!!! 
Should the box Do you want to receive your property tax credit? be checked in the above situation? 
I am a new pastor at a church, and they do not provide a paycheck. I live in a parsonage on the property that I do not pay anything for. Do I need to be paying taxes on the value of the house? 
He pays no tuition fees. I am using the STandard 2015 online form. He also received a Releve 1 form. 
How do I attach a schedule 3?  Will this return need to be physically printed and mailed if I doI do mineral exploration for a company that administrates for a group of publicly listed junior mining companies and occasionally i get stock options for some of these.  I cashed several of these in during the year. The security options were purchased (by personal cheque sent to company) and then the certificates were sent to Scotia Itrade where they were registered and eventually sold.  Is it possible that i have T4s from the company involved and a T5008 from Scotia Itrade for the same income?I have t4s from several companies that i did no work for during the year and from one company that i have never even heard of.  Is it possible that one of the companies was purchased since the time that I cashed the options resulting in a T4 from an unknown company? 
Hi I bought Turbotax for years 2008-2013 and still have all the installation key codes.  However all the Download the product here links in the emails no longer work.  All the pages on the site want me to pay more!  I just want to download the version I have already paid for.  Once again I still have all the key codes. 
I am using your free turbo tax. It keeps doubling line 114 from box 20 on my T4A (P) 
I have a phantom "business" in my self-employment section and it won't allow me to delete it. 
Your software is not working properly on my laptop which is using Windows 8. I can complete my return using Forms but when I try to switch to Review or Easy Step I get script errors. Sometimes many of them. 
The majority of my income is through music and when I put my income in this box it doesn't seem to affect my total income, leading me to having a great tax return.  However, when I submit that income in "other income" or as business income the tax return/balance owing seems normal - why is this? 
Cest juste pour rpartir limpot entre moi et ma conjointe. La simulation consiste  enlever leffet des enfants. 
Je suis membre dun conseil consultatif durbanisme dune \nmunicipalit. Jai reu un chque en fin danne pour les rencontres \nauquelles jtais prsent. Comment dois-je le marquer dans mes revenus? \nJe nai pas reu de relev de la part de la ville. 
I did not make a mistake.  I have since seen two letters to you with the same problem of an item for a Tax information slip made into self-employment income. since i did not enter such income, i have ono way to edit it 
The self  employment income you say I have was entered as Box 24 of a T3 slip There was no Self employment form 
Je cherche comment mentionner que j'ai un REER fondaction pour avoir la pleine deduction 
I want my taxes filed. 
My two businesses are not quite the same, which is why I am filing two T2125 forms. My old established business is code 711130 (Freelance Musician). My new one is 811490 (Piano Technician). I dont feel like it would be right to combine the two together, although that would make everything much easier. My business 711130 has a carry-forward, so I dont really want to mess with it. 
On this screen, I see my other capital and the CCA for the Year field that allows me to choose an amount. I dont see my vehicle listed and so cannot choose a value for the year. 
How do you enter a truck costing more than $60,000? 
HOW CAN I START OVER ALL THE INFORMATION AGAIN I MAKE A MISTAKE ON MARRIAGE STATUS  THAT SHOULD BE SINGLE 
Box 101 on my T5013 is being added to my earned income in the RRSP deduction limit calculation when it shouldnt be.  Am I missing something when I enter the T5013 slip that will prevent this? 
2015 total family income is roughly 117K, which includes my full-time income (80K) and husbands two jobs of about 17K each for the year + 1K for EI due unemployement + $720 for UCCB.  We have two children, ages 13 & 9 and residing in Canada.  We have filed our taxes as married for the first time since a long-term separation.  We got back together midway through the year.After completing tax return it shows us a refund of about 1K, but no child tax benefit.  Based on governments website calculations, as well as Liberals plan we are supposed to be getting roughly $350/month in child tax benefit based on our income of about 117K.  Why doesnt Turbotax show this? It has always showed Child Tax amounts after tax return is completed prior to it being sent to CRA. 
Purchased app thru online (carmenung2010@gmail.com) in 2015, somehow the app and my files were inadvertently deleted from my computer. 
I paid over 100.00 to amend my taxes thru your services back in april.  Sent the amendment via certified mail.  I posted this question several months ago and was given a link  but it wasn't very helpful 
I live in Ontario, work in QC.  All of the information is filled out correctly on my T4 slip section (including the box that asks for information from Box E of my Releve 1). 
i put 5 years worth of t4s in to one year on accident and i need to redo all of it how do i go about that 
I have a Mac computer.Can you solve my problem or refund my money.I prefer a solution, but if necessary Ill take a refund and look for a different program that I can use with Mac computers.Ive used Turbo Tax and its predecessors for over 15 years with Windows computers.  I like the program, but I need a solution so that I can continue using it with Mac. 
I can not delete a charitable donation entry for a joint return. I have updated her profile to take out the donations check box + I go through the deductions without it giving me the option to delete 
Your software said I would get a return of over $2000. I got a notice of assessment saying they disallowed my CPP overpayment and now only getting a return of $300. Why would it be disallowed? Isnt this something your software should of caught? 
Was finding free version to be a pain so took the upgrade offer at 20 percent of to get the standard version for my spouse and myself. The offer said it would cost $15.99 but I was charged $19.99 for both returns. 
I used Turbo Tax to prepare both my and my wifes tax return. I filed mine by Netfile and it was accepted. Netfile refused to accept my wifes return. I then used Turbo Tax to PRINT a return for my wife and mailed it. CRA has rejected this return saying it does not use appropriate forms.Can I hire one of your experts to either fix Netfile or to print my wifes return on appropriate forms 
How can I file my taxes if my husband wont file his. 
I have started a tax return using Standard Edition.  However i should have used the Free Edition due to low income.  Can I do anything at this point in order to save the TurboTax cost?  If I have to start over using Free Edition, am I able to import 2014 data again? 
Are things like race entries and accommodations at races, new equipment (like bike parts, swimming gear), bike maintenance, specialized nutrition (not regular food), etc. eligible for deductions? 
My CPP income was not recorded on my tax return and I am sure I included it.  I find the new turbo tax more confusing.  How can I check whether I entered my CPP income as I cannot find how to bring up the T4 slips schedule that I filled out? 
I applied online at the government web site for my CRA number so that I would be able to view my 2015 Notice of Assessment on line.  I have not yet received the id and password that was to have been mailed to my home address within from 5 to 10 business days. I can not yet view my Notice of Assessment and need to do this as I filed jointly with my wife and we need to dispute the amounts refunded. Thank you,Robert Liggett 
I added a new rental property last year, and when calculating my CCA, instead of adding the purchase cost as the new addition, I also input this amount as "the new addition at the beginning of the year" which is really not the case.  As the result, the amount for the undepreciated capital is now double counted.I have already Netfiled this figure, and seem not able to correct this from the CRA site as this CCA calculation is not disclosed on my return at the CRA site.  Thank you for your reply. 
I did my taxes, paid for the service and wasnt able to get assistance because the software wouldnt let me submit because of some information about my common law husband.  I couldt for the life of me correct this situation and getting support was next to impossible.  The amount owed on this round was about 1,172.00.I started from scratch, paid for the service and TurboTax sw neglected to find the additional refunds so this round I have to pay 1,354 and change.2 things, I need a credit for 1 of the payments, andsecondly, how can I get the refunds for the 1st submission?Please advise and thanks,Pamela 
How do I correct Motor Vehicle Expenses after I have submitted? 
Hey,I used OSAP to pay for my college and Im still currently unfinished but Im wondering if I should still file the college T2202A and if its to add OSAP on it.Thanks 
in turbo taxing how can i get my perpayment 
I want to know that if I file as a couple with both me and my husband's info, the tax refund shows the combined amounts for refund.  Is it paid out separately to us - i.e. I get my part of refund and he is refunded whatever he is applicable for or is it one lump part and how does that get paid by CRA? 
Hello, I'm  trying to find out how CRA defines a nursing home.  Looking at form rc4064-15 I found this: "What is a nursing home?  A nursing home is generally considered to be a facility that provides full-time care. Any facility could beconsidered a nursing home if it has the equivalent features and characteristics of a nursing home. "Background: My husband lives in a designated assisted living facility in Alberta. They have 24/7 LPNs on staff plus health care aides and my husband has an Alberta Healthcare 'Care Manager' in the facility who handles organizing all the extra nursing care my husband needs. IF this qualifies as a nursing home I understand I can claim all the fees paid to the facility, however, my sister manages my Mom's finances and her accountant said the rule is there must be RN's on site. Where can I find out what is true? 
There seems to be discrepencies with my T4 and R1. I have contacted my employer abour this and they confirm all the information is correct. When entering my T4 and R1, this creates problems because some of the amounts are pre-populated with the software so they cannot be changed. 
It appears that you discriminate against Mac users. For years I have been buying the Standard version for PCs that allow 8 returns. I always prepare 3 returns a year. Im now going to buy a MAC but realize that only an online version is available and that I must pay $20 per return. That means if I switch to a Mac itll now cost me $60 to file. Can this be right? 
The $5,591 (T4RSP) was a refund of excess contributions that were made in the first 2 months of 2015 and subsequently refunded by CRA when we realized the error and submitted the tax deduction waiver details. The original receipt for the RSSP contribution receipt $5,591 was received during the 2014 tax reporting season (not claimed). The entire $8099 contribution (last 10 months of 2015) should be included in the 2015 tax return and not reduced by the T4RSP value. CRA is now questioning the discrepancy on our OVP-1 paperwork. How can we stop Turbo Tax from netting the T4RSP from the 2015 RRSP contribution? 
I am a retired uk citizen age 76 trying to settle in India. Taking help of uk-india DTA treaty he has put this income in schedule EI exempt income. I am not sure if what he has done is right. I get UK state pension given by UK government. He has used the wording of article 19, item 2 of the treaty literally, since it says the contacting state uk gives the pension and that it is taxable only in that contracting state. He had put uk bank interest and private pension also in Schedule EI exempt income in India tax return which he has now taken out. But state pension is still kept in schedule EI. 
I paid for my declaration, got the receipt by e mail but cant access the actual file to print and send it. 
I used the online version of home and business this year to prepare two returns.  For one, which I paid for in January, I was charged $62.70.  For the other, prepared in May, I was only charged $55.99, which is the advertised price.  How do I get a refund for the overcharge from January? 
I cannot submit the return until you have included my medical expenses. I kept trying to add them and there didnt seem to be a way to do this. 
I want to use Canada post to send my request for a product refund. Where do I mail it in Canada I only have an electronic address. 
U wont file my return because of a error; so I FIXED it but u still wont accept it. The number of months that I received my CPP is 12. 
It accepts everything in the easy step but then isn't recoded in the summary? 
Je recherche ce dit formulaire dans impt rapide et je ne trouve rien  ce sujet... a concerne quoi le TPF-1W? 
or get me phone number for turbo tax 
I type in day month and yeat the slash between nbrs do not show and I cannot proceed 
Revenue Quebec returned my mailed in return to me. They said that I was missing Page 2 of form TPF-1-X-V, Keying Summary for the Schedules of the Income Tax Return and for Form TP-1029-TM-V, was not submitted with your return.Please make the necessary corrections and resubmit your income tax returns and required documents to us within 30 days of receiving this letter.HOW do I PRINT these. I save the PDF file and these files are not in my return.Are they Hidden?I need to print them. 
It appears that every disposition of investments is being reported as income with nothing to offset. 
your help appreciated 
Mes frais de scolarit se transfre automatiquement  mon conjoint, mais je ne le veux pas. Comment faire pour annuler le transfert ?Jai rvis lentre de donnes et nul part, je nai spcifi que je souhaitais transfr mes crdits. Nous ne sommes plus ensemble mais ltions au 31 dcembre 2014. 
I already file my tax refund for 2015 In May 4th, 2016. And I still haven't got it until now. My CRA Status account says " Tax refund not received" please help me. 
I have approximately 165,000 unused tuition credits and am still showing a balance due of $2000, why is this? 
who is "s" 
I am ready to pay a fees for this following consultation. Pls consider my question  as to answer as my real tax consultant. I will look forward for your reply. Question: I am a Canadian Citizen. I do FOREX (online foreign currency trading). I have been doing this for few years. I was not profitable in all previous years so in past I did not withdraw any profits. BUT now in 2016 I am profitable  and withdrawing profit every month. I think by the end of year 2016 I will have total almost US$ 50,000/- withdrawal as my FOREX earning. I fall in the category of a non-professional day trader. I have total investment almost 100,000/-  in my forex   account. How I will calculate tax on it? To submit that tax amount will I be using Schedule 3  to file the tax as Capital gain Tax? Any other advise/recommendation/guidance ......please help. 
I pay for employment insurance privately and received payment for short term disability from the company.  I am self employed.  Where do I enter the income 
Je suis propritaire dune garderie et je me demande comment entrer les revenus et les dpenses ... 
The CRA site said that it was free to use Turbo Tax. I clicked on Start for Free and now, at the end, it is charging me. Why? 
I purchased a copy of Turbo Tax Business Incorporated T2 software and I would like to purchase audit protection before I file. How do I go about purchasing audit protection? 
I traded in a 2007 BMW X5 for a 2017 Audi Q7. I paid a large chunk of the HST on the Audi, where do I insert that information? Also, do I need to include any detail on the cost of the car, or the trade in value of the old car/X5? Thank you 
Hi, when click start 2015 return, it just keeps spin and says Loading your information for 30 mins and keeping doing so...... 
I have to file an income tax for an estate and I would like to get busy for the year 2016.  The death was in January of 2016. 
turbo tax CPP credit is different than amount on T-4 
It is my used tuition amounts (provincial and federal) that i deleted that were from 2014 and i cant find them on my cra account matching what was on the downloaded sheet i deleted. 
Je dois fournir lAnnexe 3  lARC afin de corriger une erreur que jai fait dans ma dclaration 2014. Mais lorsque jimprime mes declarations, je ne vois pas lAnnexe 3 dans ma declaration fdrale. Mais je suis capable de voir lAnnexe G dans ma declaration provinciale. 
The  printer is hardwired to the computer. I have already printed the return, then I made a change and can no longer print, except fpr the overprint FILE COPY etc 
All I have is a new return has been created for 2015  today. I see my 2013 and 2014. However I filed and got my refund already.  Also, I have all printed forms. Please help me to locate completed and submitted 2015. Thanks, Alex. 
I'm trying to file my taxes, and NETFILE is not playing ball.  And now I'm passed ferocious.  this is the comment on the page: "if you want to use CRA's NETFILE service, you are required to answer the following CRA questions and provide the information in the applicable fields.  Income: Self-employment income that doesn't qualify as earned income for RRSP purposes. This income will not be included in your RRSP deduction limit for : "  After that i cant do anything, forum, no link, no working way to call support, and now they're closed, and i just don't have any more patience tonight.  can some one please help me? 
we both have offices, one upstairs and one downstairs, can I use the main floor square footage to calculate the percentage for each office or double it to include both floors 
details to above question:  I think the Quebec Income Tax Withheld amount (which is almost the same) has not been integrated into my profile.  How do I go about verifying this?  I have reviewed, reviewed, and reviewed; nothing is adding clarity. 
I went through the program step by step. The T4-A input form came up but has no space for line 107 in it. I looked for it. 
Quel formulaire faut-il remplir pour cesser de cotiser au RRQ, lorsque jai un travail rmunr au Qubec, jai 65 ans et plus et que je reois dj une rente du rgime RRQ 
I am a new resident to Canada, filing my first tax return.  On my US return, I included a loss on a new business.  I am self employed and the start up costs exceeded my income last year.  Can I enter the loss of my foreign business on my Canadian return?Thanks in advance 
My spouse has unused tuition credits carried over from 2014, and a balance owing for her premium for the prescription drug plan. Im trying to claim some of the credits to pay for the balance owing in 2015 but I cant seem to figure out how to add an ammount on line 398 which is required for schedule T. If I double click on the green amount on the schedule T which corresponds to the credits I want to claim, it brings me to line 398 of the Quebec tax return. If I try to edit the amount, which is in black, on line 398 it says I have to double click on the green amount. If I double click on it, it brings me back to the schedule T.Anyone see this before? How should I go about inputting an amount on line 398? 
I have worked earlier for few years in USA before moving to Canada in 2014. If I withdraw all my retirement money from USA and transfer to my Canadian financial institution, do I need to pay any extra tax to CRA when filing taxes in next year? Please provide me any best tax advice that is available. 
Je recois toujours des courriels des gens qui posent des questions au sujet de l'impt,  comment faire pour ne plus recevoir tous ces courriels 
WILL THIS BE ANSWERED THIS EVENING? IT'S ALREADY AFTER 11PM HERE 
Parce que dhabitude Jachete le deluxe a 39,99 je veux les memes fonctionnaliteJe dois envoyer mes impot au gouv par lA POSTE c;EST QUOI LA DIFFERENCE ENTRE LES DEUX 
je parle des taxes municipale et scolaire 
I signed up to have money taken out each month, on the 16th and I havent seen a transaction yet. Need to MAKE SURE IT WAS SET UP CORRECTLY. CALL ME xxxxxxxxxxx 
Le MRQ ma retourn un avis de cotisation disant que javais inscrit un montant auquel je navais pas droit en ligne 457.Or le montant est diffrent de celui de la ligne 97 et il ne devrait mme pas  y  tre.Erreur dans le logiciel? Do vient ce montant? Il y a environs 40$ de diffrence. 
I'm trying to claim the disability amount transferred from my son, but it asks to enter amounts from his tax return? I've left all boxes at "0" but it doesn't change my balance. He's 4 years old, do I have to file a return for him? 
Government tells me that the CPP was wrong and the EI taxable earnings???????? 
I want to enter line 256 Exempt foreign income.  Where can I find it in online version of the software? 
I added a remote starter to my vehicle that is 80% business use. I would like to claim this as a vehicle addition on the T2125 form. 
I require TurboTax Premier (as I have rental income).  However, she has a very basic return, and normally I would have chosen "the Standard" Turbo Tax return (three T4's, and student interest to claim as a deduction...only).  When I was selecting the options, I believed that the price was $19.99 (for my spouse) since I have filed a Premier return at $34.99.  Maybe I misunderstood?  One note, if I am entitled to a price adjustment, I would be more than happy with an account credit for my 2016 return.  Even a price reduction code would also be of value. 
How can file T2209 and T1135 forms online to CRA....please guide me step by step.....also please guide me how to fill the form T2209. Thanks 
I have a couple of questions for which all assistance will be appreciated. a) I have filled up the GIFI schedule and clicked in the Info Form, Complete Return from GIFI, however the line does not auto-populate the column of Gross Revenue. Do I have to manually fill it in ?b) Where can I add the Home Use expenses ? c) Where do I add startup expenses ? I understand there is a separate form for it. 
The schedule 125 of CRA is different from the Schedule 125 I see on Turbo-Tax T2 Software. The form as per CRA is here : http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pbg/tf/t2sch125/t2sch125-14e.pdfThe form as per T2 in Turbo Tax 2015-2016 only has the high-level overview and does not have any accounting codes. can someone advise if there is an error in the T2 software or the forms have changed ? 
Can  someone please advise the CCA classes of the following items :1. Desktop Computer - $ 9962. LCD Monitors - $ 2703. WACOM Writing Pen - $ 4404. Computer Speakers - $ 1105. LCD Stands (Mounts) - $ 806. Deskphone with Cordless Phone - $ 2007. Multi-function Printer - $ 200Many thanks for your assistance. 
I'm working on  employment related driving section of my taxes and have received this error message  1\tKilometres driven in the taxation year to earn income cannot be more than total kilometres driven in the taxation year 2\tThe information in this field is invalid. Either there are too many characters entered or the format is incorrect. Please review. karen : Calculation of Motor Vehicle Expenses however the total I've entered in Enter the kilometres you drove in the taxation year to earn employment income is lower then the total I entered in \t1Enter the total kilometres you drove in the taxation year 
Were sorry, the Canada Revenue Agency was unable to accept your NETFILE tax return.This message pops up whenever I file my return. please help me 
I applied for three trademarks when starting up the company. We realized later that the trademarks will not give us any significant advantage so we did not pursue it and the trademark was defaulted. How do we book this in our taxes for T2 filing ? Do we need to append notes elsewhere regards the fact that we did not pursue the trademarks. 
I have duel citizenship with Canada and the USA. I have been a nonresident of Canada since 1988. In 2015 I worked in Nunavut for a period of 3 months. Which forms do i need to send to CRA? 
There was no option/question to enter this information during the interview so where/when do I enter it? 
My husband and I separated last year and are filing our returns separately however Turbotax will not let me net file without entering my ex husband's net income. 
It keeps asking for amounts from his return, but he's 4 years old, he doesn't do a return. I believe the disability amount is $12,506, but I don't know where to enter it? 
I need 2012 forms 
Im completing 2013 returns for my wife and myself. Do I need to create a separate Turbotax account to file her return? 
2014 amount was $0. 
This is an academic question for my understanding. If I have claimed Input Tax Credits in 1st year and got a refund for it the next year, do I need to exclude the tax credit while filing taxes or do I leave it like this and claim it as income the next year or do I have to do both. 
can you look/get into the thing i am just working on ? 
I have a Script error message Code 0 every time I try to access my file.  I have been unable to print or efile my return as each time I try to exit the error message the screen becomes address invalid 
I left canada (emigrated) mid-year and ceased being a tax resident upon departure.  I answered the questions in turbotax to reflect this including being a non-resident on Dec 31st and leaving Canada on March 20th.  Turbotax filed my taxes using the non-resident form 5013-R, not the correct 5006 form which means that my foreign tax credits were not allowed and I have been re-assesed to owe large taxes with interest because of the error.CRA has suggested I resubmit my taxes on the correct form to try to claim the tax credits, but I am not sure what sort of penalties or interest I may face, plus now I have to re-do my taxes by hand spending more time.Your website says you guarantee your calculations to be correct, and I think you calculated it properly, but by submitting the wrong form, the calculation of foreign tax credits was disallowed.  Will you stand by your product and fix this and cover my costs? 
Je veux juste avoir mes impots 
What is part 4 tax 
This is what I get when I am trying to file and it wont be accepted by CRA. #180010 - The first digit of the message number on the left identifies one of your financial statements.\n\nThe sum of all income lines minus the expenses claimed does not equal the net income/loss on line 9946 of this statement. Please verify all your income and expense entries. Your software should create the value for line 9946 using amounts you entered on the preceding income and expenses lines. Therefore, you may need to change the entries on the preceding lines in response to this message.\n\nWhat does this mean where do I correct the mistake ? 
I have already filed my tax return.  I have since received another T4 which I sent proper forms to correct.CRA is now asking me for a corrected  return (they say they did not receive the original for which I have a confirmation number).  I have now tried to refile the return but the programme will not let meDo I need to print and send it by mail.thanks 
On voit les impts amricains quil y a pays sur le formulaire W-2. Il a reu les T4 et relev 1 correspondants. Comment doit-on entrer son formulaire W-2 pour viter la double imposition? Merci! 
very simple - I like to buy 2 more returns to Turbo Premier with the limit of 20 
Graham: Cdn Forces pension- $23507.28                Sandra: CPP $5297.52                                                                                             CPP-                          $ 6041.64                               OAS $5768.88                OAS                          $  6786.90                              RIF   $881.41                Total                          $36335.82                                   $11947.81 
I moved from Ontario to the USA in 2015I became a non-resident of Canada on the date that I movedI entered this information into TurboTaxIt added the Statement of World Income to my tax return which clearly statesComplete this schedule and attach it to your return if you were a non-resident of Canada or a deemed non-resident of Canada for all\nof 2015 
In the RRSP Worksheet, I dont see my deduction limit that is entered in T-slip gets transferred. This is the max limit CRA allows. What I see is the TurboTaxs own calculation based on the deductions available for 2015, which is greater than what CRA allows. How to fix this? 
We are Canadian expatriates and are non-residents for the last 7 years.  We have one rental property in Alberta and must file non-resident rental forms.  Previously we have had our taxes completed by a third party.   Can Turbotax help us fill out the 216 forms for rental income and including deductions for maintenance expenses, etc?  My wife and I are 50/50 on the house so there are two almost identical returns submitted. We know nettle is not possible and forms must be printed and mailed by June 30th.  Can Turbotax complete these non-resident rental tax forms? 
I get a car allowance and T2200 but am taxed on it.  Can I claim mileage as well? 
I have delayed my submission of my tax forms because of this bug. 
I have this feeling like my taxes form werent actually submitted, I didnt get any kind of confirmation 
my husband was joint with me but now the business is in my name how do I calculate the CCA ? 
how does the releve 15 slip relate to the turbo tax form 
on GIF schedule 125 on line 9980 - Unearned losses I have deducted the amount $2,000 example which get me to my Net Income. On schedule 1  - Net income (loss) for income tax purposes the unearned loss is add back +2,000 example.Because of added back amount the net income for tax purposes is higher by hat amount. Therefor I pay higher taxes.Am I missing something from this? Please help me explain how to properly account this on the tax filling. 
I deleted all of those entries because that was not income but rather investments I had made then sold to purchase my home. Is that ok? 
Hello,  I already requested April 13. But I didn;t get my tax return check. What is wrong ? Could you check my progress? or Should I contact CRA ? please let me know me. 
I keep inputting my self employment income and it keeps reverting back to zero. 
I built an office in my garage for my business. I need to know where I can put all the expenses for this. I have seen people answer in the T2125, but where is the question as it does not tell me. I am using the Home & Business version. 
Both Spouses are Canadian Citizens and considered Canadian Non Residents. They have Canadian Rental Property and wife had some trailing year commissions paid out in 2015 or 2014. They have to file as Canadian Non Resident. The wife's income is showing up on the Husbands T1 "Information about your spouse or common law partner" but the husbands US income "Worldwide" is not showing up on the wife's.  What am I doing wrong? 
Refund from turbotax product coupon not used and promised last April in 2 to 4 weeks.  I am still waiting with my incident number. 
Should my expenses go in T777 or should it go in T2125, I have Self Employment Commission in Box 20 of a T4A and expenses pertaining to it? 
I can't find anything under the deductions category in this amount and now I am being asked to provide proof to the CRA and I don't even know what it's for. 
\n\n\n\nCrazy Happenings with TurboTax. This really should be a simple\nquestion but even personnel at CRA could not figure it out. Re Medical\nExpenses, in particular Private Health Service Plan premiums (PHSPs) my wife\npays through her work that are deducted from her pay but not itemized on her\nT4. I realize these can be used as medical expenses but for the last 2 years\nthey have not helped our Refund at all despite the expenses of $3322.28\nfalling within the allowable 3% of my wifes net income (more of the lessor of\n$2208 or 3% - $1174.77) and her tax payable certainly has not been reduced to\nzero (in that case I would understand why the credit is not adding to our\nrefund). These premiums are deducted on every pay stub. Can anyone explain\nwhy there is no credit added onto our return once we claim these PHSPs. There\nis a check box for entering Medical receipts from 2015 or Private Health\nService Premiums. The way you enter them should still end up resulting in the\nsame credit but they do not. The only way these premiums seem\nto help is if they are entered in as an actual medical receipt and not\nseparately as payments to a Private Health Service Plan entry. Of\ncourse I am sure this will end up in a review by CRA. As a test\nwithin the Turbotax software I entered last years unused PHSPs of over\n$3200 as a medical receipt and combined with this years PHSPs we were given a\ncredit finally. I then deleted test amounts and entered ONLY the PHSPs for\n2015 as a Medical Receipt and deleted the amount from the PHSP box so only the\none proper amount was entered as a medical receipt and what do you know, our\nrefund increased by almost $500. I verified this by going back and entering it\nagain as a Health Plan expense instead of a receipt and entering this\nway reduced our refund by almost $500. Heres THE CRAZY GLITCHY part which\nleaves me no longer trusting Turbo tax to truly be giving us our maximum\nreturns. I changed the figure from premium box entry to medical receipt entry\nagain to continue on with our taxes and our refund STAYED THE SAME. The $500\nincrease disappeared. I went on to a few more steps to confirm it wasnt\nkicking in and nope. Gone. I am finding many glitches and oddities arising\nfrom using this software from year to year. We used to get a credit year after\nyear when we combined the premiums with a few actual medical receipts but we\nhave no co-pay now so are out of pocket very little for prescriptions and just\nhave the premiums as an expense now. The software leaves large gaps for losing\nmoney on ones return in a few areas year after year if you do not work the\nnumbers and try different scenarios with which spouse claims what credits you\nstand the chance of losing large sums of money in credits not claimed under the right spouse and\nTurbotax should be making these suggestions for you. It certainly lets you make\nmistakes without offering guidance on the fly. It is very unhelpful at guiding people and ensuring the maximum\nreturn as it promises. The above may seem a bit complicated but its a very\nsimple question when it comes down to it but I could find nothing on the Intuit/Turbotax\nwebsite or the CRA website. I cant believe no one else has noticed such an anomaly. As an update and to further the weirdness I opened another save version of our return before medical expenses were entered at all and entering the Medical Premiums in their proper box or as a medical receipt doesnt change our refund at all now. Thx for any help in advance. Bill\n\n\n\n 
Hello,I already before question to Turbotax, but I want mor detail information.I got a answer but I couldnt finish my Turbotax account netfile.Q1 : If I couldnt finish reason is possible already closed 2015 tax return period? Q2 : How can I cancel 2015 Tax retunrn ? I mean I want to try next year , but I heard one of my friends , If I want to try 2015 tax refund next year, I should be cancel first request my tax return. 
I have a client with an 18 year old son (born 1997) that is a dependent and infirm.  This client was separated from her husband during the year.  He has NOT claimed any of the credits associated with this dependent. As far as I understand the supporting parent should be able to claim:-Eligible dependent $11,327-family caregiver $2,093 (this amount gets added to the $11,327 and reported on line 305 of Sch 1)- caregiver $6,701 (or is it $4,608 as FC is already claimed)-disability transfer $7,899 line 318The son has a net income of zero in 2015.  All of the federal amounts listed above (and the related provincial amounts) are pulling from Sch 5 onto Sch 1 EXCEPT for the caregiver amount.  Line 315 remains at 0.00.I believe that this parent should be eligible but I cant make the software calculate the amount.Please advise as to how I get this to work.Thank you :)Sandra 
Ive looked at every similar question and it seems there is no answer. In the 2015 Online Edition of Turbotax Home & Business there seems to be no way to enter your spouses income when filing together. I have redone the entire process using new files three times and I still come up with the same error. I receive this message: Your spouse/partners income for the year is required to properly calculate your tax return. If you dont enter it, when the CRA receives your spouse/partners return you will be reassessed and youll owe the difference in your refund or tax payable, plus interest. Your spouse/partners income is required even if they passed away during the tax year.It seems in older versions, when you enter your personal information there is a space for this information. In the 2015 version Home & Business, where is this supposed to be entered? There is no section for spouses information. It just goes into creating a profile for my spouse.. 
I couldnt get File, I follwed your answer, but I got error.I felt so difficult.so, Now I just want a cancel.How can I cancel 2015 tax return?after cancel can I try next year? 
I have all my information and dont want to have to pay someone else to do it for me. Its very straightforward. Thanks! 
It was my understanding from Internet that this was a free tax return file.  I had no idea that I was going to be charged at the end. 
Can they be printed in a different format? 
Bonsoir,Mon ex conjoint et papa de notre fils me demande des renseignements sur moi pour sa fiche d'impts (comme mon adresse, ma date de naissance, si je suis marie, l'adresse de mon employeur).Mais je ne comprends pas pourquoi ils lui demandent ces renseignements en sachant qu'on a jamais t marie, et surtout que sa fait 6 ans que nous sommes plus ensemble!!!!!!Savez-vous pourquoi? 
My wife is self-employed, will turn 64 this June and elected to collect CPP effective 1 Jan 2015.  TurboTax calculates that she should still contribute to CPP as both an employer and employee - just like she did when she was not collecting CPP.  I can override TurboTax and put in a 0 in the applicable line but then I cant net file the return - and I want to net file.  What should I do?  Does my wife still have to make CPP contributions? Thanks 
I have highlighted my spouses name when open in forms.  Her return is complete and I want to file it now before my return.  TurboTax keeps bringing up my return first and after review wants me to certify.  Will it then netfile me? 
2   le logiciel ne veut pas dpartir les revenus de location entre mon conjoint et moi. Ils doivent tre de 50% selon lagence du revenu du canada. 
I've started with the Business version, but it is asking me questions regarding business numbers that I do not have. please advise. 
Paid on Apr. 25, 2016 Transaction # *** Autho # *** now Im ready to send my return and the program wants me to pay again. Help now? 
Hello - I filed my VA return April 3, and my understanding was that the tax payment due would be taken out of my bank account on May 2.  It hasn't been taken out yet, and I want to make sure that it will be.  How long does VA usually take to debit a bank account?  Thanks- 
I have received confirmation the federal government has received and accepted my taxes, but no refund. The state government hasn't sent any word yet. 
how is low income is calculated? i need figures please.Would this apply to Quebec residents/Canada? 
I talked to my employer about underpayment of NY state tax. According to them it is something to do with IT-201 form. Could you please tell me what is wrong exactly? 
May I know under what circumstances my Line 17, 18 and 19 of Form 6251 will not be zeroes? Note that, Ive long term capital gain in Sch. D with part of the gain due to the sold of RSU and ESPP. I also have a rental property which I havent disposed. Is it normal to have zeroes in these 3 lines? 
I know the number on the Line 4 in Deduction Recoveries Worksheet is obtained from the previous year tax return (Line 9b in the Form 8960 Worksheet), say 2014. My question is, if I also currently filing an amendment for 2014, what number should I use for Line 4 in the 2015 tax return? Is the number shown in the original 2014 tax return? Or the number shown in the amended 2014 tax return? 
My federal tax was accepted at the same time as my state, and the IRS withdrew the tax payment from my bank acct as scheduled, but not the state. The state deadline is tomorrow, if they don't withdraw the payment will I have to pay a late fee? 
Hi, I live abroad and do not have a US phone number.  What is an easy way for an international number in your personal info setting? 
Using original 2014 tax return data will give me no credit carry forward to 2016 while using amended 2014 tax return data will give me $190 credit carry forward to 2016. Which info should I use? 
Why did you guys charge me separately for each tax return you guys filed? I feel like in years past I just paid one amount and it was a lot lower than this. As well when your website continually asked me to get the upgraded version of turbotax, it made it look like one whole payment for each return. 
I tried using TurboTax as always, but should I go to a CPA? 
I received an IRS Letter 5071c for my 2015 return, that was likely due to two fraudulent auto-rejected returns submitted via TurboTax in 2013.  In any event, Id like to prevent future tax refund delay pending ID verification by lengthy travel to the nearest local TAC office.  Can I voluntarily request a PIN or does IRS selectively issue that credential in its sole discretion?  If possible to request a PIN, would it serve my desired purpose of avoiding future ID verification letters?  Tnx in advance! 
I attended a Drug convention for work. spent 300.00 in hotel fees, 100 in meals,  100 in parking, 50.00 in gas and traveled over 100 miles are these items deductible. 
I paid to have my state returned efiled, but was blocked from doing so.  How do I get the $24.99 back? 
What is a amend,, what does it do 
I followed all the instructions but up until recently it said it was incomplete, now it is saying to print and mail, but I already did that and all the copies I have are the same.. Do you have any updates? 
I though this was fixed because I spent an hour on a phone with a representative on Monday. 
I received $1836.76, due $2030.00 
How can I be sure my taxes were sent to the IRS? 
How are late penalties determined and how do I pay them? 
Mom doesn't file case she's on disability I was told I didn't need to file cause I'm under 10000 I don't know this is the first time 
Any body receive their refund before sent date may 4th 
As self employed if should pay CPP and Ei can I deduced it from my income, how I calculate I much I own and where do I deduced it 
Ive already used BOTH the IRSs AND TURBOTAXs useless Wheres My Refund tracking tools, neither give me any information I can use and it is well past the typical 21 day wait period. I need to speak to an actual person but its impossible to get the IRS on the phone 
Not sure what to do; because I already got my Federal Tax return. My stated has not come in yet so I went on Turbotax and it is saying I didnt file. But I go to my email and it says Missouri and Federal received my tax returns. 
I recently won $20k in slot machine in NY in Feb'16. I got a check for all 20k and a W2. When should I have to pay tax on it?a) During my next tax file (in 2017), or,b) is there time period (like within 90 days of winning) before which I should deposit Fed and state tax. If (b), then how do I pay tax before my next filing of tax? 
Never coming back to you 
Why cant you please provide me with a 2016 Federal Bi-Weekly tax withholding table on screen for a single individual showing various exemption amounts? 
Is there any difference if I claim single or HoH throughout the year on my jobs w4? 
Are you going to assist us in fixing this matter?  It is the turbo tax software that prefills much of the state information on the form from the federal form!  We are very disappointed that we now owe the state of Iowa back $900 and are worried that this will happen with every year after 2012 as well due to this software!  WE will no longer use your service or recommend to anyone else if you do not help us make this right. 
Why is it impossible to reach Intuit directly? 
I had gone as far as to how I would receive my refund {check} it said it saved my info. 
I need to talk to a human being ASAP. Enough already. 
turbo tax reported that it could not find last year's information.  When I went on line, turbo tax did find that information.  And I did my taxes there.  Now, to file, you want we to pay again (this time on line) before I can file!!! 
I did not need a pin, just to enter my AGI and it still doesn't work. 
Just answer - why can I not use CRA Auto-fill option? How is it done? 
Turbo tax says can not transmit return.For printing, collecting data, then does not print. 
We had to short sale our primary residence in 2015. Our lender sent myself and my wife each a 1099-C for the Cancellation of Debt ($125,000 each). We entered both of the 1099-Cs into the federal return but its being counted double on our State of CA return ($250,000). How can we fix this? 
i can't get to the same page to make myself not allowed to be claimed. 
How can I add my wife to my account so she can access our joint return? It's a problem because--even if I share my password with her--she can't receive a confirmation code when Intuit asks for it. Is there a way that I can add a second email address (her email address) to the account for our joint return? 
why doen't the form fill in all of the lines? 
The letter I received says the IRS received my tax return, but they need more information to process it. They asked for copies of page 1 and 2 of my return, amounts and dates of estimated tax payments (if applicable), supporting documents verifying income (assuming this is 1090s and w2s), and a copy of the letter. Has anyone else received this type of verification from the IRS? Why do they send it if I filed on Turbotax. How did this turn out for you? 
Also, when I open Turbo Tax, it automatically returns to a "Fix it Now" screen, to help me try to refile my 2015 return. How do I submit that these returns are complete, so that I may view this return and previous years' returns? 
I used turbo tax for many years. I need to know hwat I paid for tax prep fees in the year 2013 ...... How do I find this? 
I KNOW THE IRS REJECTED IT BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER THAT I PUT IN 3 TIMES, BUT I NEED THAT PAPER FOR THE STUDENT LOAN. THEY WILL STOP TAKING ALL MY MONEY AND TAKE 5$ INSTEAD. 
We are in the process of selling a rental property we formerly lived in.  We have not lived there for over four years so we will pay capital gains tax. This is a formula I found in this forum for computing the gain which I pay 15% of, correct?:* Purchase price* + Purchase costs\n(title & escrow fees, real estate agent commissions, etc.)* + Improvements\n(replacing the roof, new furnace, etc.)* + Selling costs\n(title & escrow fees, real estate agent commissions, etc.)* - Accumulated\ndepreciation (as reported on your tax forms)* = Cost BasisCalculating profit or loss would be:* Selling price* - Cost Basis\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n* = Gain or LossSo am I able to take deduction for the mortgage interest & property taxes paid for the portion of the year I owned the home like Ive deducted the past 4 years? I dont see that anywhere in this formula?Also we are replacing the roof, but will have no out of pocket expense in doing so because it is being replaced with proceeds from an insurance claim (roughly $14k).  Can I claim that $14K as an expense even though I didnt pay any of it out of pocket? 
im done with the irs now , how long does it take the irs to send my bank the money? 
I am paper filing 14 and 15 both late and without extensions. 14 i overpaid by 1346 and 15 I owe 186. On my 14 return can i just apply to 15 186 and refund the balance?  And then on 15s enter 186 in applied from 14 and have it net out to 0 owed.  It is under 1k so I dont think there would be any penalties. Would they just process them filed that way and then send me a bill for any interest from 15? Thanks 
if rent out money is not deductible is it worth keeping property on rent and pay state and fedral taxes? 
filed two charged for both 
I entered an incorrect value on Line 11 (entered the figure from Lonnie's W-2 and not Ernestine's) and am generally confused about this form is for and whether or not it applies to me. 
when i filed, i put the correct street just totally forgot to put the numbers that go in front of an address. i went to the website, fixed it, said i had to amend my taxes, and im wondering how long will it take for my return to get to my address now if they got accepted on the 4th of April? my return is being mailed in a debit card. 
What do I need to provide the IRS? Receipts or otherwise? 
Just paid additional $$ to TT for state filing; can't print pdf of State, can't file only my state (which is due tomorrow)...WTH?! 
How do I remove last year's contract work from this year's return on this program??? 
I can't upgrade my account I'm already on deluxe. How can I get last years tax info? 
How do I access the software 
Recieved mail from IRS saying "We couldn't process your Electronic Funds Withdrawal (direct debit) because they were unable to locate my account 
I printed my Return it's showing rejected on the last page but Turbo's homepage showing it was accepted.  How do I go about this? 
i filled out two returns with the same log in but i can't find the second when i log back in...what's the trick? 
This will be important when I start my taxes next year. 
I just logged back in because I need to reprint my return and I also want to save it, but I don't see any option to even look at my return. Something is wrong here that it isn't obvious. Please fix that and send me a link. Thank you. 
What are the steps? 
I just need to add the 3 months to page 2  so i can send to the IRS ????? 
need a copy of 2015 taxes 
This is a very lengthy form with hundreds of sales. It is not possible to type them all in. It needs to be uploaded, but is not working when I enter my account number and email address. 
the taxes are done but it cant be submitted due to my ssn and the tid it need one or the other and neither will allow me to send.  I am the acting CPA and General Manager 
can I file for previous year 
I do not want  to eFile my returns. 
I am a AZ resident. I have several K-1s. One is a CA K-1. Turbo tax lumps them all together when determining double taxed AZ income. Gives me too much tax credit on my CA non resident tax return. 
I did my taxes on the 16th and got accepted on the 18th. I don't know how to track my returns etc. Thanks. 
Should I include myself as a dependant on a W-2?I am claiming my wife and 2 children (wife does not work / children are both under 5)Should the number be 3 or 4(including myself)? 
how do I get total for line 6 on 1040x 
WIfe is VA res; I am military CA res.  Don't need my info on income and need to remove it to complete state taxes. Fed taxes pending and can't even access what I've entered.  HELP!!! 
What is going on. 
I need my agi and income information 
I need to put allowances on line #2, but dont want anymore taken out of my check for Federal tax than $500 (line 3) what do I enter on line #2 
im at the very end - i know i must file federal taxes by mail and state can be e filed  but it keeps kicking back to ID page - owe nothing - they owe me the sameHere are your filing choices\n\n\n\n\n\n\n2015 Federal Tax Return: File by Mail\n\n\n\n2015 California Tax Return: E-file\n\n\n\n\nId like to change filing methods\n\n 
Form 5695, line #6 gives me a credit of $8,441 toward my 2015 federal tax liability. Line #15 actually gave me $3,002 toward the 2015 federal liability and i still received a $2,700 return. Line #16 shows a carry forward credit of $5,439 to my 2016 federal liability. Two questions here. 1) Why would i still get a return of $2,700 if i still had $5,439 in credit toward my 2016 federal liability ? 2) Is the amount on line #16 ($5,439) the amount i will be credited toward my 2016 federal liability or will i only be credited some and the rest will be carried to 2017 ? 
I believe when I filled in April it said they would be deducted on May, 2nd, but I can't find where I wrote that down..... 
do i still get charged 
my husband died in 2013 
I have income from Canada and from a U.S. source 
I am re-imbursed for mileage in certain circumstances. I have an employment agreement with this organization that states the mileage re-imbursment policy, and my commitments and responsibilities.I have taxable income from other jobs and the corresponding T4s for them. does this make a difference as to whether I can claim unreimbursed mileage for my internship program? 
I need to file 2014 and 2015, I filed 2013 but dont know which email I used, either [remove emails] 
I need to chat with a person 
How do I find out why and how can I appeal to receive my FULL return? 
I have a question concerning Form 8965, Health Coverage\nExemptions, in TurboTax. I am using TurboTax Deluxe on Windows. I found this possible\nissue after answering all interview questions and reviewing the forms before\nsending them to the IRS. I was not able to correct it and filed my return.My family counts 4 members including myself. One is my wife\nand the other two are my kids. Were living abroad and visited the US in July\nof 2015. Outside July we have been living abroad the entire time in 2015. Part\nIII of Form 8965 shows all names of my family members including mine on line 8,\n9, 10, and 11 of the form. All these lines have Exemption Type B and show an X\nin July (the TurboTax interview asked me which months in was out of the country.\nAnswer: all but July, since I visited the US in July). But then my name shows\nup again on line 12 with Exemption Type C and Xs in all months except July!\nLine 13 mentions See Part III - Coverage Exemptions\nClaimed on Your Return for Individuals. See screenshots attached.Line 13 probably refers to the Continuation Statement of Part III -\nCoverage Exemptions Claimed on Your Return for Individuals (last page on my tax return) where it shows the names of only 3 of my\nfamily members except mine. On this continuation sheet these three family\nmembers have Exemption Type C next to their names and Xs in all months\nexcept July (identical to my name on line 13).Questions:1. Who can explain me what is happening here? I would expect\nfour lines with the four family member names indicating Exemption Type C.2. Will this trigger any questions from the IRS? TurboTax\nindicated to me my audit risk is low.3. Is there a need for me to file an amendment?Thank you for your advice. 
Im buying a home and they want to know where a large deposit came from and I said federal return, but its not the same because fees were taken out. I need a receipt or something to show this. 
I have viewed the How do I upgrade or switch to a higher version of TurboTax Online? page that I get redirected to after trying to print my 2013 return but I cannot get to a page to actually upgrade.  I did not file the free edition in 2013.  I just want to print a copy of my 2013 tax return.  Please help.  Thanks. 
DOESN'T THE ABOVE QUESTION EXPLAIN IT ENOUGH? 
its has to do with IRS audit for 2013. thanks if you can help out. 
Someone is trying to access my account. Please confirm who it is. I keep receiving texts with verification codes to "access my account" - please help. 
How to identify if ESPP long term is qualified or dis-qualified if we dont have from 3922 
i need free file instead of home and business can i start over 
Also, I see that I'll need to upgrade to TurboTax Premium to file a K-1. Is this absolutely necessary when the reportable amount for my K-1 is $0? 
needing to upgrade to access older return. there is no access online. Followed directions, not working. 
I did not print my 2014 taxes. Can you send them to my email? 
Please send me a reply to my e-mail, so please help me contact you, because I have been trying to reach out to you for contact, because your program made a mistake, I had paid you for your service, so I expect results from you in return! I don't believe that your mistakes should be mine to correct and that I should waste my time to contact the IRS, when the mistake was all from your program! 
Both filings showed very low probability of audit. 
After filing my taxes, I wanted to tinker and see the effect of my wife and I filing separately, so I did it as if I was filing an amended return, but did not plan on actually filing, just seeing what the effects would be.  No surprise, the answer was not as favorable as filing jointly.  Since then one our state returns was rejected and I need to re-file my original return, but I cannot access it now as it is just pulling up the amended returns...how do I abandon doing an amended return? 
My Louisiana military retirement was added as a part of my state taxes. Military retirement is exempt from Louisiana state taxes. It needs to be fixed by Turbo Tax now! 
My bank gave me the wrong account number and my tax return was returned. What do I do now? 
HelloI've received a letter from my state saying there's an issue with my state returns from 2011.  I'm trying to access my state returns in Turbotax yet it says I need to upgrade to plus and the only way to do that is to start and pay for my 2015 taxes in Turbotax.   Is there any way to pay for Plus to access my 2011 taxes without needing to do my 2015 taxes? 
I entered info about using my home office to support extra work and telecommuting for my job and it asked what is the total wages from this business. I am confused because I dont own the business but I do earn a salary from the company. Is that the amount of I am supposed to put in Form 2106 Line 11? 
I shouldn't have to pay for state on a return that I already filed. Just wanted to review it. 
This happened before in early April. I have used TurboTax for 20 years, but if this happens again with no explanation from TurboTax, I will NOT USE TURBOTAX again. 
This is my first time filing my own taxes and my taxes have already been returned. 
I entered my bank account info, and confirmed that it was being used for Federal and State, and then at the end I was told to print a voucher? I am confused. The federal taxes were withdrawn as expected, but I just got a letter from the state tax franchise board, and now I owe late penalties! 
F1040-512 - Your dependent's Social Security number (SSN) cannot be used to claim an exemption on two separate tax returns. You claimed a dependent as an exemption on your tax return, but this dependent has also filed their own tax return claiming a personal exemption. 
I received a corrected W2 after my return was accepted and my refund was received.   The corrected amount on the W2 is for box 12a code W, and results in no change to my refund,  because code W is for non-taxable HSA contributions. 
Pulling up 1040 for state filing, 5/2, income was doubled.  How did this happen???? 
I need this now for student loans.  Why is this not immediately available.  Please call me at [remove].  Please leave detailed message with the amount if Im not available.  Also send information to [remove] 
I pay all the bills and property taxes and food there but all the utilities and property taxes are in my dads name. If I send in copies of the bills and receipts where they were paid and provide a letter from dad saying that I am the one paying the taxes and utilities would this be proof enough to prove me head of house hold? 
HI  I Will never use turbotax  again Its to expensive  and I had trouble  at the end . I also got a letter from my state telling me that I owed them money after turbotax said everything was all set!!!!! 
TurboTax stated that I could, but will only allow mail or direct debit. 
I verified the routing and checking account numbers and they are correct. 
i filed on march 26th and it was said to come in the mail by april 16th. its may 1st and still nothing. It said in my status that it had been deposited into bank but i didnt do a bank transfer i did a prepaid card for my federal. 
I am filing my 2015 return.  I purchased a health insurance policy through the marketplace to cover myself, wife and three children.  My oldest child is 20 and lives on her own and files her own tax return.  I do not claim her as a dependent.  I received two 1095-As for 2015.  One covers Jan-August. The other covers September - December.  I uploaded the pdfs into turbotax.  I purchased the policies with income that I earned though the business that I own.   Smartcheck is finding an issue with both 1095 As.  Error message reads:  Form 1095-A - Insurance Exchange: Shared Policy End Month policy allocations for a form 1095A linked to a business, Business Related Premiums Smart Worksheet below, are not supported.Then it gives me the opportunity to change the end month of the policy from 12 to something else.It gives a similar message for the start month, the premium percentage allocation, the SLCSP percentage Allocation and the Advance payment of premium percentage allocation, and the ssn of taxpayer sharing the allocation.Smartcheck repeats the error messages for the same fields on the second form 1095A.Any ideas on how to work around this problem?Thanks!J 
What are the next step that i need to do? 
where is your phone number? 
I printed out my stuff but don't know what I am supposed to do with it 
the last digit was wrong. I overlooked the typo totally. IRS didn't call they just removed him and my refund was short. I need to amend them. Is it possible when turbotax shows rejected 
Is TurboTax and Quicken out of business. 
1099-R was entered for 2015 and TurboTax said 2014 needed to be amended. P in box 7 always points to previous year, so 2014 will say 2013. 
I was living with my boyfriend all of 2015 and only started working in November 2015. Also, how much do you have to make before having to file? 
I filed with turbo tax but can't find my returns.  I tried to recover old user name and password but it didn't work! 
I share my house 50/50 with my brother. Does TurboTax have a way of calculating home ownership deductions for this case? 
My mom receives child support for me and my brother and I dont know how much i worked and eaned about 5079 from my jobs but i wanted to know do i have to put the child support as unearned income even though i dont receive it myself. ? 
Is there one on Turbo Tax? 
How do I report that I was covered for insurance by a foreign employer or do I need to include that information? 
Its tells me to pay, but there is no way to pay. I've tried going to print center per the instructions on turbo tax but sends me back to the tax timeline. 
Overage caught by H&R block was for Affordable Care Act penalty which I was not supposed to be penalized for due to employer health insurance.  That penalty should NOT have been assessed after I purchased Audit Defense.  My taxes should have been completely done before I was given the offer to buy this protection. 
how do i delete my state returns, i do not see an option any more? 
Already filed my taxes. Trying to figure out which form number I used. Can't find it on the site. Thanks. 
I need the last 2 years of tax returns and w2s and i used turbotax. Is there a way to access them online? 
I am a PA resident.  I don't need to report my military income to VA, however I did earn additional income in VA that I need to report.  My federal return is already complete.  How do I open up my 2015 turbo tax account so I can remove my military income and re-adjust my VA gross income?   My turbo tax dashboard only says my state return is ready to print (with my additional military income pulled over from my federal return).  Thanks, Andy 
In 2015, I rolled over pre-tax funds from a 401k with a previous employer into a Roth IRA. In April, after I e-filed my taxes for 2015, I received a 1099-R for this taxable event. I then recharacterized the rollover into a contribution to a traditional IRA, which, as I understand it, should make this event no longer taxable.Do I need to file an amendment to my 2015 taxes to account for this? 
I use a 2015 TT purchased cd and now want to upload them to my TT account online.  How to do? 
Your help is much appreciated! 
the misc section does not load when I finish all schedule A deductions, how do I go back and add safe deposit fees ? 
I would like to be able to use turbo tax as a tax planning tool to spread out the exercising and later selling of ipo related shares.  in other words, I would like the ability to run a host of scenarios across several years (assuming the constant of 2015 tax rule / legislation, etc.)  is there currently a means to do something like this? 
My archive file is deleted from my hard drive.  Can I get a copy of the Indiana tax return I sent through your vendor? 
my ex claimed my son but its my right to claim him so i ask her to remove him... she said she did removed him ... i already filled my federal tax report...and it was accepted...how i fix this now that i can claim my son again? 
I was wondering if my second refund went through i never got a work about it 
Ive done a bit of research on this subject, and just want to know if my current form of record keeping is sufficient for my sales of items on eBay.  I just started to do this about a month ago, where I buy several items on Craigslist, and then sell them on eBay... so Im new to the taxes on this stuff.  eBay keeps a record of my sales and fees, so I shouldnt have any issues with keeping track of those and showing proof at the end of the year.  I have issues with getting proof for the cost of the merchandise I buy on Craigslist to write that off as the expense.  It can be difficult to get a receipt from the seller much of the time so Ive just stopped even asking for one.  Especially if it is a garage sale type of environment.  So what I have been doing to make things easier is to simply make a Word document where I record these things: 1) Name of the item or Model number2) Purchase price of the item3) Quantity purchased4) Date of Purchase (or month if I forgot the exact date)5) Photo of the item once I get it to my home.Are those above things enough for proof of the purchase price?  Or do I need to do more than this if I cant get receipts?  I know that it would be improved if I could print out a photo of the ad for proof as well. But there is a current situation where a seller has offered to sell me things before he lists them on Craigslist since Im a repeat customer. He has my phone number and will just text me when he gets new inventory.  He also is not interested in signing any receipts it seems for safety reasons (people sometimes dont want to give out personal information over a Craigslist sale for safety reasons).  So in that case, I cant get a photo of the ad if there is no ad placed and cant get a receipt either.  And last, is it better if from now on if I purchase something on Craigslist, that I withdraw the exact amount of the cost of the item from my bank the same day? That way I will have a withdrawal receipt from the bank and maybe that will add further proof to the purchase price. For example, if I know I am going to buy something on Craigslist for $100 that day and resell it for $200 on eBay, I can go to the bank that day... withdraw $100 cash so I have a receipt for the withdrawal... purchase the item for $100, then resell it for $200, and then write off the $100 expense for the purchase price using the banks withdrawal receipt as proof?Thanks in advance for any help.  Im just trying to get a grasp on this so I dont make any major mistakes. 
Do I have to mail in my amended return manually 
Why would I provide an account if I was given the refund option. 
They have been advised to refile their taxe reports and have theirs sent with mine.Turbotax does not allow me to claim them as dependent and I cannot bypass the error.Do I really need to use the Tax paper version, in order to file my own and bypass the error, or is there another way to still use turbotax in order to obtain the corrected version? 
the amount to be payed on the state form is incorrect because the orginal refund was never sent the amended return show thar i owe the state 625  which should have snown the 625 should be deducted from the 2677 oirginal refund to me 
any body there 
The website says my account was last modified 3 months ago 
I am wondering why Im not getting the child tax credit for my 3 dependants ? 
This is a first for me. I may have the option to start work as a full-time employee for a European company. Im a US Citizen and I have always paid my taxes here. Im trying to determine how it would work if I took this job. The company has no US presence and they said I would be responsible for my own taxes. Would I still do this as self-employed even if Im considered a full-time employee of said company? When do I start paying taxes on the income earned? I understand there is a way to estimate and pay quarterly but I dont have much more info on that. 
I my excess contribution was $500 and it lost value the 1099-R shows $473.00.  Should I be paying tax on the $473 and a penalty?  Is J8 the correct code on the 1099-R? 
I need help stopping the IRS from taking money out my account every month, due to a falsely filed return 
Virginia debit was suppose to occur on April 30th....no $ has been debited 
The payment method needs to be corrected. 
NCDOR states no tax credit is allowed since my out of state income has not been taxed by NC. But I did pay to NC and they did not give me credit for Va Tax that was paid. 
tax filed with wrong amount in 1098-T 
just trying to download my 2014 taxes, followed the directives on your wonky unuser friendly site and I still cannot download, with my tax timeline still saying I need to upgrade but the option of PLUS is now grey meaning I have it- {profanity} 
I tried correcting the information on the website but it won't go through. 
i need to print 
I still need to add the property taxes and insurance for the rental property. 
Its been 8 days and the 1541 federal tax payment I owe still hasnt posted. my bank sees no transaction. the irs says they show they were paid. whats going on when will this payment be posted on my bank account 
I have sold our rental home. \nWe have used TurboTax for years.  \nI am able to find the forms reporting the current year depreciation\nschedules.  What I need is: (1) detail of\nthe cost basis of the property; (2) date placed in service and (3) the amount\nof accumulate depreciation that has been deducted since placed in service.  Where/How can I find this information please? 
The direct debit worked for IRS for the federal but the state (NC) has not deducted the funds yet. 
what were the fees? 
Quicken asks for my intuit Pass Word to get into my vault but it doesn't work.  What's wrong? 
I upgraded to the best package offered hoping this wouldnt happen again. Im a combat veteran and Ive been [removed] of every penny and had my combat pay taxed and all I get is shit saying you owe this and you owe that. I put my life on the line for this country. I dont owe anyone [removed]. Kiss my [removed] turbo tax. You can put that $72.00 Im not going to pay you on my ridiculously [removed] up and life crippling credit report. Thank you for nothing. Glad I gave up everything so I could get treated like [removed] for the rest of my life. [Profanity] all of you government affiliates. 
I know i will receive a w-2 and my employer will be deducting tax automatically from my fulltime job. However, since lyft is not going to take it out from my paycheck how will i know how much more will owe and what will be my payment in estimated taxes. is it even a good option to drive for lyft ? if i am paying taxes as well as a percentage to lyft. 
what do I do as the state wants me to eFile the payment direct to them? 
I've tried to log into its deductible for two days and it won't load. Eventually I get a notice that the page doesn't exist. Have you discontinued it? If so, please post to the web. 
copy of return 
in 2013 I took out money from my retirement acct. 8000 was a lump sum. 11000 was to have been a loan from my ira and I was going to pay back in installments via my check. but shortly after, my company was sold to another company and the retirement company changed and I never heard anything about the 11000. now I got letter to pay taxes and penalties. is there anything I can do about the penalty amount as the 11000 was to be a loan not a lump sum? 
I already filed my federal taxes using the W2 that I received from my employer. We found out that they should not be taking FICA/Medi taxes from my paycheck so they sent me a W2-c today. Could TurboTax please assist me with re-filing my federal taxes? I used TurboTax to file using my original W2.P.S.: I have already received a refund for my original federal return. So when I refile, I will only have to request the new amount due to FICA/MEDI 
I tried to apply for a new pin, but it says that I cannot do that online 
I paid for the Deluxe version, but Turbotax isn't giving me access to my 2015 return. 
Who should I contact? 
I am cashing out of my 401k early; worth 12,500. With the early penalty fee and the taxes I will only bring home around 6,000 - $7,000. When filing my taxes will I still have to owe even though I was already taxed and almost half was already taken? if so around how much would I have to pay when I file taxes? 
I would like to speak to someone please call me at [phone number removed for security]..  thank you Judith 
I have multiple accounts. The other accounts allow me to go back into prior returns because I paid for the upgrade.  I need to go back into a different account to pull up 2011 return and your software wants me to pay even though I have already paid in different account. 
The state tax product failed to calculate my retirement contributions properly. Can this be fixed in the future? 
I still havent gotten any IRS documents setting me up on their payment plan. Im confused, this is my first year self- employed.. 
I was told that even though my sale closed in June 2015 that the short sale process may not be completed and I should receive 1099c later. 
Perhaps they are behind in their transactions. I dont know if I wait on them to mail me the payment application or for a sudden spontaneous withdraw of the first payment. 
Turbo tax said I'm eligible for a free phone 
I WAS NOT ASK FOR AN A/C NUMBER BUT I HAVE HAD RETURNS SENT TO MY A/C IN OTHER YEARS AND ASSUMED YOU WOULD USE THE SAME A/C SINCE I WASNT ASKED FOR A N A/C NUMBER 
If I didn't need to report the entire amount how do I file an amended return? 
How do I speak to an actual person? None of these automated answer services are giving me any answers. 
where is my money 
Filing an 1120 H for a homeowners association.  There is a mortgage on the association clubhouse. Trying to figure out if the entire mortgage payment is included on line C or just the interest portion.  Line C say expenditures not expenses.Also need to know where to put tax return preparation fees. 
I would like to pay with my credit card so I can print my 2014 tax return.  I can only add the upgrade but I can't get to a payment screen 
Why have I received a letter from the La Dept of Revenue stating my review has been selected for review and why do they state it may be completed in 90 days from the date of the letter. The letter date was 4/5/16. 
Child Support intercepted my ex tax refund on 2/10 he recieved a letter saying it was taken for arrears... Now in may child support say the issuing agency has taken it back??? What does that mean? He is not married and i dont think he can file injured spouse... any info is appreciated thanks 
Thanks in advance 
Do I file married filing jointly to claim him as a dependent? Also should I change the number of exemptions on my paycheck to reflect how I file? 
Does anyone ever get a callback?  I have been trying to call since 9am ET and the system says I will be called back but all I get is a VM saying they missed me!  What kind of customer service is this???? 
Need to print them 
order # TTWGY6F31763681 
I opted to have my TurboTax fees deducted from my refund and I STILL have not had it deposited to my bank.  My state came immediately, federal is now up to day 6 after being sent electronically. 
We've already filed but I think we've missed marking that we both were covered last year. How can I verify that we incurred a penalty? 
I used TurboTax to file my extension and make a payment to the IRS.  I am looking for confirmation that the payment was made. 
I filed back in April, and it said it was accepted. Up until Friday. There wheres my refund tool says "Your refund is still being processed, check back later for an update." Does anyone know why this might be happening? 
I'm filing a federal and CA state amendment. I know I need to sign the 1040X and include the old return. Do I sign the old return as well? And same with CA return? 
Your site says to pay the fee and complete my 2015 return. My return was done privately. I cannot complete it again. I do not want to get my return through the IRS as it takes 90 days. Please provide a copy of my 2014 return that I paid for. 
I can not download my 2015 returns. They have been done and paid for and the only thing that comes up under my tax timeline is that i have joined taxes 
it is the first time I am doing turbotax.  I already sent my 2015 returns but I would like to know about my questions and then go ahead and pay and printI insist in knowing if I could talk on the phone o if there is a turbotax office I can go 
can I buy TT to complete my 2014 OH taxes? if so, how do I do that 
should I exclude my 1099c from entering in the taxes they are for closing of my business 20K in credit card debts and 1700 in rental property that I transferred or sold. turbo tax after answers the prompts it simply disappears and doesn't have a place to enter them does that mean exclude them? 
Hello, I received a letter from the IRS unfortunately my 2015 tax return is still being processed. The IRS sent me a letter stating that they need some additional  information regarding my 1095-A (2015)Healthcare Marketplace Statements. I neglected to input them on my 2015 tax return (by mistake). How can I update the info on my 2015 return an resubmit my return to the IRS? 
My mom passed away on 4/21. I've looked through her paperwork and computer and can't find out whether or not she filed her 2015 return. 
I filed my taxes a month ago and still haven't received my Georgia state tax return. 
The IRS says it was deposited on 3/30. 
My amended tax return was accepted, adjusted and completed but I never received the letter of adjustment. How long does it take for IRS to mail a check? I tried calling but their systems are down...go figure!! 
I need help with FASFA and my taxes... 
I used free turbo tax software for 2013.  I filed but didn't send. Yhe tax summsry was for 2015? 
Where are my refund state and federal were accepted on 4/5/16 still have not received either yet 
How do i access the Canadian system? 
it is through the teachers retirement plan 
cant find how to print my 2015 return. Do I have to pay extra even though I already paid to file with turbo tax? 
I filed my taxes with my w2 and ended up with a refund, but I recently got a second w2 from my job because I worked in a different city. The second w2 doesnt have federal taxes on it but it has city taxes taken out. Does that mean I didnt pay federal taxes on it yet even though it is from thee same job? 
I only provide the last 4 digits of my SSN on form 8332.  My ex is requesting my entire ssn. 
\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIve got a few questions because Im new to this:I work an hourly job. My wife just started freelancing and has one main client. Will we BOTH pay our taxes quarterly now or will we ONLY pay hers quarterly and I will pay mine at the beginning of 2017?Will we add our business expenses for tax deductions when we file mine in 2017?What version of Turbo Tax will work best for us? 
Please update me asap 
Hello, I realized that my bank account has been closed recently since I didn't deposited money. So I cannot get my tax return. Is it possible to get my tax return as check in my name and posted to a new address?Thank you.BestEsra Guzel 
I need to get my two last years tax return. How can I do it? 
When I click Check E-file Status, a window pops up - Cannot get status without Social Security Number. 
I NEED TO PAY MY BILLS. 
How can I file my state income tax on Turbo tax for free.  I am being asked to pay $29.99 for filing a state return when I am only receiving $7.00 back.  That doesn't make sense to me.  Why would I pay $29.99 to get back $7 
The instructions on the website to find, and add the form don't match the website layout.  How can I add the form to my tax return? 
I amended my taxes a couple months ago, so why is it not showing up? 
I would like to know if my Federal and State refund is still being processed? 
Another employee and myself are going to start cleaning our offices. Is it necessary to fill out W-9s and 1099s for both of us and pay taxes? Since we are already employees it doesnt make sense to me. 
$250 dollars is missing..... help 
This is my first use of TurboTax online and I am a little lost. This year I changed my direct deposit institution and my refund has yet to show up. I would like to check the institution I entered in TurboTax to confirm what I remember. How do I do this?  Thank you. 
I opted for the debit card as payout. I have not received. I have made several attempts to resolve with MA to no avail. please advise 
I filed my taxes, both state and federal, a month ago. Federal has already came out of my bank account a day after it was accepted but my state still has not. Why? 
I had neck surgery March 30 (double discectomy). Nerve damage followed. Did not mail Tax Return until today (postmarked tomorrow). Need to know what I need to do to notify IRS. Can you help? 
My cousin drives a lot for work and would like to purchase a hybrid eligible for the maximum tax credit of $7500. He, however, does not earn enough to take full advantage of the credit, but I do. I would have no problem buying the car for him, since he will give me the cost of the car minus $7500, and taking the credit at tax time. The car title will need to be signed over to him at some point; I'd prefer a time frame of less than a year. The car will most likely be purchased out of state and we live in Wisconsin and Illinois.1) What is the best way to get him the title while incurring the least amount of tax burden in the processes?2) States also offer tax credits. Is the state giving the tax credit determined by the place of purchase or registration?3) Are there any unexpected pitfalls in this process for which I should be on the lookout?Any help would be appreciated. Thanks 
I filed our tax return in January and already received our refund in February. However, I just requested and received the tax transcript in the mail and noticed that it says we only have 3 dependents and lists only 3 with their SSNs. We have 4! One being born Jan 2015, so he was new on this return. I pulled up the return I submitted and I did in fact put in all the correct info for our 4th child (I was sure I had b/c I triple checked everything before submitting). So, why would he not be showing on the tax transcript and does this mean we didnt get the right refund?? Nobody else could claim him. We are married filing jointly, never divorced, birth parents to all 4, they all lived with us all 12 mos, all under 10 yrs old. Pretty cut and dry dependent situation. But I have no idea what to do next to find out what happened and fix it if something is wrong. 
Ive seen other questions similar to this one, but none that answered this particular issue.My colleges definition of full-time is 12cr/semester. However, this only applies to spring and fall semesters. Due to course availability, my schedule ended up looking as following:Spring 2016: 11 CreditsSummer 2016: 10 CreditsFall 2016: 11 CreditsThats a total of 32 credits in one academic year (well over the 24 that two 12-cr semesters would add to) but it doesnt meet the traditional definition of full-time because neither Spring nor Fall have more than 12. Will I be able to claim full-time on my taxes? 
IM A TAX PREPARE and have a client want to file eletronic...I use pro series 
family of 5.  parents are still together, and everyone is out of the house. 
Can you please send verification phone to my mobile phone [remove] 
I gave the amount of 15108.00 and the correct amount should have been 28692.32 What do I need to do? Should I amend the return? 
So I do need to do something more besides the basic activation? 
Under the "my tax timeline," I can only download one state. 
My son had a dental procedure done in December of 2013 but we did not finish paying for the procedure until Jan 2014.  Could we claim this amount still even though the work was done in 2013 
I was sent two separate 1099-MISCs from the same Payer, can I put my cell phone amount on both and claim 100% or am I allowed to only use for one? 
I got my federal tax and Louisiana Tax back but not Ok but not Oklahoma 
I need a receipt showing the full refund less service fees that match the deposit 
There are no more details.  All my files have been deleted by the update. 
if i ended up owing money to irs, does it mean my tax return would show no schedules? 
Before I amended, I owed $749 to Federal, and $182 to state, then after I amended my tax return and changed my dependents, it showed I was due $600 from federal and about $200 from state. It does not show that on my turbo tax account and I would also like to know the status of my return. 
Hi. I have previously filed returns with TurboTax through a friend's account. This year I upgraded to my own paid account, but my history of returns is still in my friend's account. Is there any way for me (and/or my friend) to port my previous history with TurboTax into my own account that I created to file my 2015 returns?Any help is greatly appreciated.Thanks! 
how do I get a support ticket number, I need to speak to a CPA from turbo tax, not someone who can simply help me navigate and understand the instructions, I've got that, c'mon people! 
In process what's that mean and how long will it take has been that way for almost a month?? 
After submitting my tax return, I discovered two more W-2's that I missed. Can I make an amendment before the returns are accepted?I see that I can AFTER, but not before.Any help would be great,Thank you. 
I have already filed my taxes but need to go back in and put in my 1095-A information. I can't find where to go into my federal taxes/ health insurance. Please help. 
My tenant vacated rental property in Jan 2016.  I spent $20k on renovations and never attempted to rent the property again.  Sold in May 2016.  What specific steps do I take to add this $20k to the basis of the rental property prior to the sale. 
I was never audited or contacted by the state or the irs 
Where would I look  to see a numerical error? 
I do not need the online access since I had already purchased the 2015 Turbo CD version - my preference, as I did not like the 2014 online version. 
Im just wondering if I purchase the CD / desktop version (either CD or download version) this year for filing my 2015 return, will I be able to use it again next year for my 2016 return? and then for 2017?Or will I have to purchase it again next year? 
\n\nI received a 1099-R in 2014 and the code in Box 7 was\n8-Return of contribution taxable in 2014 but the amount received was not picked\nup by TurboTax as part of my taxable income. \nI received a letter from the IRS stating the shortfall and now have to pay\nthe tax balance plus interest.  Why did\nTurboTax not include that in my Taxable Income on line 43?\n\n 
A la page Cotisation a lassurance-mdicamentsLe deuxime choix indique auquel VOUS, votre conjoint, votre pre ou votre mre avait adhr.    Le VOUS ne devrait pas tre la.  Il nest pas dans le texte de lannexe K - voir image en piece-jointe. 
I am a small independent designer. I was hired to design large banners. I covered the $4,500 printing/mailing cost and then charged my client along with my hourly design fee. Where should the printing/mailing expense be accounted for? I first thought it should be recorded as a sub-contractor, but the printer is a Staples like outfit. 
I suspect I may get some money back but regardless of that, I want it corrected.  Problem is my hard drive containing the 2014 return crashed & I can't retrieve the info on it. I do have the copy that I printed when I filed the return.  I have all of my documentation from 2014 & 2015.  How do I amend my 2014 return (federal & state)? 
I have been using turbo tax since 1998 but can't find my documents.  Is there a way to get electronic copies of 2013 and 2014? 
I  am trying to open Business 2105, I can no longer open any files, so I uninstalled it a reinstalled is still nothing but now I do not have the state download either. 
I filed my taxes on the 18th and also an extension i knew i would get a w-2 after the dead line. how do i start doing this one? do i just start all over? 
I filed my taxes through TurboTax on April 15,2016 and I owe some money for federal and state taxes. But nothing is deducted from my bank account. 
I try the instructions that are on the site, but they do not coincide with the actual site, there is no print center for me to click on. 
YOU WILL TAKE CARE OF THIS AND PAY THE PENALTY!?!?! 
The program keeps directing me to the 2125 form but I do not own my own business I work for an investment firm as an employee that is paid by commission?  How do I get rid of this form? 
I have already printed 2015 I just need 2014 returns 
During the 'filing' stage, after it asks for additional verification information, I click and get a 'blank' box and can go no farther. The box is white, empty, and immediately next to my Fed Refund and State Refund amounts. I have closed and reopened, but get stuck at this stage each time. I have to file Federal via paper mail and State can go efile. But when I try to do anything, I get this screen. 
most of her income came in the last quarter of 2015 after her death,  there was no need to pay an estimated tax in earlier quarters. 
I followed the instructions and cannot access my 2014 returns 
I filed my returns for 2015 but my state sent me a letter that my tax numbers were wrong.  instead of getting a refund, I owe the state more money.  I want to check the values I entered for state tax withheld by employer in turbotax, but I cannot find those numbers anywhere. All i have is the copy of the 1040 that lists the total tax withheld. I wanted a breakdown of each employer and the numbers so i know which is wrong. 
Can't find my refund on wrm 
I just received a voice message in my cell phone from the IRS telling me they are filing a lawsuit against me ,,, can you please help me to understand what is going on? 
I don't want to be charged for the second version, which I didn't receive. 
I put it in the search box and found a thing telling you how to get it but for some reason i still cant find it. 
I've been using turbo tax home and business and now I can't access anything 
I am waiting for more than a month now - I am sure it was my fault 
I need a breakdown so Ill know if its worth postponing the sale of my house for 6 or 7 more months until Ive lived in my home 2 years or more, which would mean I would owe $0 tax on the profit. I dont have exact numbers yet so I just want an idea of how much I would owe how to calculate it, which tax bracket Ill be in, what capital gains rate Ill pay by selling it within 2 years of moving in, etc. Thanks! 
I filed my 2015 income tax return through turbotax online around 10:30pm May 2nd. However, the confirmation message shows as it has been accepted on May 03, 2016. Isnt the deadline May 2nd midnight? and if not, would I get a penalty for filing it late? 
I did my 2014 tax online and 2015 on a disc. how can i retrieve it from the disc? looks like everything got erased. 
The form was recieved by the IRS on 2/19/2016, and I have been waiting patiently, but have been out of work for two months, I need answers fast!! Help me please 
I made total Fed. estimated taxes of $7709, but line 65 shows $8249, and I cant figure out why. The IRS adjusted my refund accordingly, but I cant get Turbotax to make the correction. 
Turbo Tax said I would be getting $6,163. I only received $3,932. Why? 
Home purchased on contract in 2014. Down payment was borrowed from family member. Interest is paid with each monthly payment. Remaining lump sum is due at the end of 4 years. Since I didnt borrow money from the bank, what do I enter into Enter mortgage lender field? 
I think there is some confusion about my pension from the Union , methinks it was calculated twice! 
Where can I download my tax return for 2011. Thank you 
I went through the Fed return twice and kept coming up with an error in Form 2106. I deleted one of the sessions and started over, but got the same error. So I decided to print my returns out and send Fed and State in. However, I then learn that NY State only accepts efiled returns, and that return CAN'T be filed until the Fed return is ELECTRONICALLY FILED. Am I missing something? 
Own student loan debt do I get taxes back? 
I want to add how much I made working for myself 
I'm a long-time Turbotax customer but I can no longer access my past returns. 
I paid 30 usd for that transaction 
Could it be harder to reach you?  I guess we'll see. 
I need it soon 
I finished my 2015 return on March 20 and thought I had e-filed. The fee to e-file my Indiana state return was immediately deducted from my checking account as well as the amount I owed for state taxes.  When I discovered on May 2 that I had not received my federal refund, I began checking and somehow my e-file on March 20 never took place.  If I proceed with e-file now, how do I avoid penalties for late filing and paying state taxes twice? 
How can I inter a 6 digit Pin in the space that Turbotax only allows 5 digits. 
My daughter worked as a part-time intern while attending a full-time college last year. She made less than $5000 in 2015, and I had already claimed her as my dependent in my 2015 tax return. Little did I know that her company had deducted her paycheck for the Federal and State Income tax until recently. My questions are: (1) Can she still be able to file a federal and state income tax for 2015 to get the tax refund? (2) If she does, would it affect my 2015 tax filing status? 
Filed extension and never paid last year. 
Why 
Because of identify theft purposes, I had to mail in my copy of my return.  I now need a copy of the return.  I can't find it here. 
I would like to know how to get past years copies of the Turbo Tax cds. 
The penalty is $537.30. I owe the tax, but if TT had not erred I would not have the penalty. What do I have to do to make a claim for the penalty? I have attached 2013, 2014 and 2015 tax returns so you can check it out. Thanks, [name removed][attached files removed] 
I filed on April 13th, I was just wondering if anyone else has received their refund for the state of IL since that date. 
The Great State of Pennsylvania doesn't believe I am a resident of NJ. My employer is located in Pennsylvania. This is a real hassle. I don't like the games state Governments play. 
How do I e-file a 2014 tax return? I used the Home & Business edition. 
Il  a un messge derreur et je ne pux envoyer ma decalration au RQ parce que le no NEQ ou License ou taxe nest pas bon ou puis je toruve le numro de license dun entrepreneur 
I can print my State, but not Federal. 
A refund due of $4,987 shows during filing but the return submitted shows I owe $632 on form 1040-ES payment voucher.  Please explain 
I received a CP3219A from the IRS. After submitting additional documents, I have now received a CP2000 for the same year with an amount due that is less than what was on the CP3219A. There was also a note on the CP2000 reminding me that the deadline to file a petition has not been extended, meaning if I still intended to file I must do so by the previously stated deadline. I still dont agree with the new amount due proposed on the more recent CP2000 and already responded to that notice with supporting documents. Now, I am not sure if I should still file the petition since after responding to the CP3219A notice, the IRS sent me a CP2000. Any input is greatly appreciated. 
I went to "My Docs" and it doesn't list anything there, I thought there would be a way to print the Maryland state income tax return. I need to send it to Virginia so they'll give me my refund. 
My husband was a 5% partner in my B&B business, but the T4A is related to income from his consulting business  It shows up in a lighter font at the bottom of my Income and Expense statement for the B&B business. 
I cant tell if it has it accepted my amended return it just says in progress after i finish it? 
Hello, I need a copy of my Federal Tax return and I cannot located it online, only the State return seems to be posted. How can I get a copy?? 
I'm trying to do my 2012 filing. Is there an active Turbo Tax program available for that? 
I am attempting to retrieve a W-2 from 2012 to verify my employment at that time. I am trying to work with the IRS, but it is becoming an exhausting and hopeless effort. I am attempting different avenues now. Please let me know if TurboTax can help. Thanks 
I received a corrected W-2 with the HSA employer contribution double the amount that was on the documents I used to file my return.  The letter said that this wouldnt affect my return, as it was just for reporting purposes and not related to deductions. Should i got through the trouble of filing an amended return for this change? 
cancel my request 
Does Virginia have a delay with their ACH program? 
Received notice from NC Dept of Revenue advising that they are examining our 2013,2014 and 2015 returns, but Federal is not. Notice advised us that if we don't provide necessary documents, they will amend our federal taxable income for all 3 of those years. Can they do that? 
I also want to track my federal tax refund and my state tax refund 
I have a client that wants to pay off my student loans for me in exchange for service. I know I will still have to receive a 1099 from that client for the monies paid, but is this something that can be done? 
How can I talk with someone about case number 418708719?  I have been questioned by the IRS about our 2014 tax return.  I cannot access the worksheets for that return since Turbotax has required IDs and passwords. 
Refund was accepted but then status bar went away after 2 months they ask on the web site when did I file and How. Shouldn't they know 
I get this error when I try to netfile my return. The rest of the message suggests that I have an invalid date format in one of my financial statements.  I have reviewed my data and all date formats are controlled by Turbo Tax.  It all looks good. 
My Taxes keep getting rejected due to my husbands e-filing pin/AGI. I called IRS to get e-filing pin but they stated he did not require a pin to e-file and to just enter 0 for his AGI. I did this and it is still being rejected. What do I do? 
TurboTax is requiring me to upgrade to Home and Business even though I saw where it should not be a requirement if you only have income to report. 
I took a 401K distribution Feb 2015 for real estate transaction that fell through.  Was able to roll over the cash from the distribution within 30 days to new IRA.  However, I mistakenly had 401K provider take out Fed and State Taxes.  Thus, the cash placed in new IRA was short by amount of Taxes paid.Since those taxes could not be recovered now, and the actual rollover amount submitted by IRA provide excludes the taxes, how do I recover them at time of tax reporting?I did submit the partial rollover, but of course that shows a significant remainder of taxes paid that are not being returned to me. 
help 
i lost my return and do not know the amount of returni need help in getting this information 
When I amended it calculated the same way and did not update to include the marketplace insurance that I have in which I am supposed to send back the completed form 8962 and a newly computed page of the transferred amount from from 8962. None of the help examples have helped and I'm at a loss as to what to do. 
Loaded TurboTax 2015 on another computer and after moving saved tax file to it when I load it there is no data that shows up. 
TurboTax is requiring me to upgrade. However, I saw on here that I should not be required to upgrade since I don't have expenses. 
My ex wife who has no custody filed a tax return using TT and listed our son as a non qualifying dependent. TT kept rejecting my return as a result. Now we both have our refunds back. Should I amend my return and  claim my son as a qualifying dependent? 
I probably need to amend quickly. 
I bought 2015 Turbo Tax for PC but have now moved to a MAC so the software will not work on my new computer 
Please add Interactive Brokers so we can import trades from that broker institution. 
it is a monthly payment and their tuition will be paid for by the time they are ready for school... for Florida schools only... the great part is the cost of schools will be the same as when we started the plans it will not go up in prices... myfloridaprepaid.com 
The version is close to $20 per return online. Not sure which version that is. I needed to file to avoid a penalty and I could not get past TurboTaxs step to pay when I do not have that as an option right now. 
I'm trying to import my 1099 info into Turbotax Deluxe 2014, but it keeps trying to import the 2015 data instead.  Help? 
How do I print my prior year 2014 IRS return? 
I have been asked by IRS to provide Schedule 8812. 
I have not received my refund and just found that a number was left off the end of my account number on the return. How do I retrieve the refund? 
I need to get copy of my 2012 us tax return 
I need the correct return asap. 
I was told I couldn't deduct regular bluecross bluesheild health insurance because its through farm bureau instead of obamacare. 
I did not see it on my return 
la somme de pension fdral dans le formulaires T4A (OAS) ne sinscrit pas au provincial de qubec. 
I owed about $15,000 in taxes this year which I paid on time (and included a penalty of $255). Yesterday, I got a small check from IRS saying "refund" for ~ $150. How can I find out what that is from? 
do i put zero on line 2 W-4P & $890 on line 3? 
We have a S-corp with about $300K in Revenue.  I think Business is the best (only) option, but I want to make sure the $250K isnt a limit. 
NJ tax return freezes. Why? 
Im in a job where my employer is not required to withhold social security since I will receive a federal pension instead of social security once I retire. The amount from my W2 line 12A is included as taxable on my 1040A line 62. 
Is anyone else seeing a major delay in returns from Mass.? 
Is it possible to merge, join, transfer information to combine everything into one account? 
Return accepted, refund not yet processed. 
dont think i needed deluxe 
I need to know asap 
I have filed my taxes almost 3 months ago, and I haven't received anything at all. Is there something that I did wrong? 
why can't i find my 2015 tax return when i log in to turbo tax 
Using Premier 
Railroad retirement is reported on 2 forms to me a RRB 1099 and an RRB 1099-R can the latter be deposited in an IRA account and be considered a rollover if it is done within 60 days of receiving the monthly distribution? 
where can I find out how I elected to receive my refund 
I downloaded deluxe for mac.  I can find the pdf but not the .tax file for next year import.  Where is it? 
What do I put here Gross, Net, Gross with pre tax deductions backed out? 
it is having trouble validating my card 
My wife and I have already filed our 2015 tax return and received our refund. In doing so, we paid the healthcare penalty as my wife did not have health insurance. After filing the return, she filed for, and received, a hardship exemption. What do we need to do now in order to get back the penalty amount paid? 
I need a copy of my 2014 tax return under a different sign on 
Will not allow me to E-File because I cannot find the EIN of the employer I didn't receive a W2 from.  I'm trying to file form 4852. 
Can I look at my W2 on Turbotax after I have submitted my taxes? 
i originally decided on going the card route. it was nondeliverable due to an adress error on someones part. to avoid this problem again i would like to switch to direct deposit. 
Hi,I cannot file my tax because I get this message that the form 1040 has zero values. I tries to skip it and have it filed my mail but it keeps taking me back to the same page with the same error.I am unemployed, so the income boxes on form 1040 should be zero, how can I put those values or what am I supposed to do?Thank you 
My federal and state taxes where both accepted. I don't understand why it's not in. 
Would you all notify me if this was not successful? I just want to ensure I won't be penalized when this was scheduled through TurboTax. 
Taxpayer is owed $5,167/month for 36 months in alimony payments. Taxpayer purchases the ex-spouse's real property with $20,000 cash, $150,000 pay off of the ex-spouse's debt on the property and forgiveness of the 36 months of alimony payments. One way to calculate the value of the forgiven alimony to the taxpayer (not the ex-spouse responsible for making the payments) is $5,167 x 36 = $186,012.  Another way is the present value of those payments, using a discount rate (maybe the May 2016 Applicable Federal Mid-Term Monthly Rate of 1.42%). My guess on the latter calculation (N=36; I=1.42%; PMT=$5,167) is $144,836. Two questions:  1) What is the value of the debt forgiveness?  2) What is the tax basis in the purchased real property? 
I believe that I would save about $1,500 with the child care credit. But if I could deduct all nanny expenses (about $7,000) that I would save more as I am a 1099 employee and pay I think 30% in taxes.  That means if I can deduct the child care I would save about $1,800. 
I filed form 4868. After compiling my info, it turns out my income is below the filing requirements.Do I now need to file a 1040? 
I have filed with Turbo tax the last few years including for an investment property.  Is there a place I can see the current value of the property after depreciation?  If I were to sell in 2016 I would like to calculate what my potential gain/loss would be. Thank you 
My federal refund wasn't fully put into my bank account 
I never waited this long for a state refund I just wonder what's going on 
I'm concerned have the form 1095-A but the form 8962 seem's off?? can someone help me? 
I resided in DC until October, then switched to VA.  I can seem to claim my DC taxes on my VA return, nor vice versa, so I keep getting an error message on my VA return not allowing me to proceed.  It says DC is not a valid state on the Schedule OSC...I should claim the tax on my DC non-resident return??? 
Intuit does not show my buying TT 2013 & 2015. I upgraded to Windows 10 and now TT 2013 & 2015 do not work.I purchased online like I do with Quicken. It shows all Quicken purchases but not Turbo Tax. WHY? 
I filed her return and need a copy.  Her 
I have even reinstalled the original Turbotax from the disk and it still crashes 
I filed my taxes using turbotax. I selected that someone (my mom) can claim me as their dependent. I need to change this, as I do not want either of my parents claiming me on their taxes. How do I go about amending my taxes? My return has been processed and I've just recieved my refund. If I amend my taxes does the IRS give me the added difference of my returns? (*with my mother claiming me I get around $300 back, without her claiming me I'll receive close to $800, does the IRS give me that $500 difference? Will I be fined or anything like that? Am I allowed to spend the return money that I recieved before I amend my taxes?) I know this is alot of questions, I just don't want to get caught up in any tax disputes with the IRS if I amend my taxes so that she can't claim me and I've already received the $300 refund.* My mom has tried claiming but was not accepted so I know she cannot do so, I just want my full return. 
I have completed my taxes and received my refund.  But in getting organized I found a 1099-misc form that I did not include on my tax form.  How can I amend this? 
I need to file my state taxes as they were due yesterday!!  Can turbo tax help me submit my state taxes ASAP online? 
I ended up filing through the U.S. Postal Service and the IRS has already deducted the 
a place for her income on my return so it kept rejecting my taxes. 
I filled out the lines 13a and 13b as instructed with my bank info. But I am not sure I have to mail the voucher payment for the first payment. Does the IRS send something saying the payment plan was approved before taking the initial payment? 
another return.  I filed through the U.S. Postal Service and the IRS already deducted the amount I owed from my account.  How can I get this years returned cleared so I can file with your service next year and so my information is not visible if ssomeone compromises my account? 
My wife and I have a California LLC that has elected to file as an "S-Corp". Our LLC is a member of a multi-partner partnership that provides consulting services to third parties. Our LLC owns approximately 5% of the equity in the partnership. Our LLC provides services to the partnership (and its clients) and receives a 1065 K-1 that shows income in boxes 1, 4 and 14 a, c (i.e self-employed income). Not all of our partnership expenses are reimbursed. If my wife and I were members of the partnership, we would report our income on Schedule E of the 1040 and claim UPE. As we are employed by our LLC, do we report the K-1 income on Form 1120S? If so, where does the income from lines 1, 4 and 14 of the partner K1 get reported on the 1120S and how do the unreimbursed partnership expenses get reported? 
The total value of three equal parcels of land is about $240,000.  Rather than listing in all 4 siblings' names since 1990, each 40 acre parcel is proposed to be listed in only 1 siblings name each and my spouse will receive 1/4 value (~$60,000) for her portion or ~$20,000 from each sibling.  Is this just a simple division/exchange of value between the siblings, or are taxes due?  Would accepting $10,000 from each sibling separately (or $30,000) in one year and $10,000 the next year from each ($30,000) fulfill an ability to receive these funds as a gift? Thanks. 
I setup a $7,000 recharacterization of my IRA to Roth conversion.  Because of the losses in my Roth, Schwab moved back $6,924.25.  When I did my taxes, the Schwab retirement person advised me that the $7k was recharacterized but only $6,924.25 was moved back because of the losses.  When I did my taxes with TurboTax, I subtracted the $7k from the original conversion amount to get the actual reported converted amount.  I put all of this in the "Additional Notes section".  When I got my statement, Schwab said my recharacterization was $6,924.25.Can someone help with the proper way to record this on the tax forms?  Do I subtract the $7k or the $6,924.25?  I believe I have to ammend my form with the $6,924.25 because my sense is that is what my 1099R will state next year.Thanks,David 
I e-filed on 4/27/16 but am not sure if the questionnaire i answered here a few minutes ago will  be included and noted on my file to except me from the penalties. 
This course work was not part of a degree program--already have MA & MS from many yrs ago (though they are also required for the Certification).   It is for an additional Prof. Certification (after supervision & Cert test are successfully completed). 
I havent got my confirmation number for my file and my tax return has not been filed yet, though ive done all process online with turbo tax. How can I complete my tax return and whom can I ask what should I do now to? 
So I sent my tax return papers on April 15th and the status is still rejected, why is that? I filed by mail, signed, and even added my W-2 papers onto it. 
my refund was less than my return why? 
[personal info removed] 
How can I keep the payment on my card and print my return to be filed by mail? 
forms to recharacterize for the IRA? 
On April 18, I contacted turbo tax about an incident (418453991) while filing my taxes. Makeda, the agent, helped me with it and informed me that I would be refunded the 89.98 USD I paid. Because of the incident she gave me a discount code for my taxes and said I would only be charged the 29.99 USD to file my state taxes. After checking my bank statement, I have been charged 89.98 USD and 29.99 USD. There is no refund for the 89.98 USD. Could you please resolve. Thanks! 
Was it garnished or penalized for something? Does the State return come separate from the Federal return? 
its wanting me to start my 2015 tax return and a payment 
I imported last year's data into my return. One of my dependents is no longer a dependent due to income. It appears that TT left him in as a dependent when it should not have. He's on my return, but it shows he didn't live with us all year (but he did, he just earned too much). Now I have to amend my returns and I'm going to have to pay penalties. I am NOT happy. 
I do not have a W2 from my Chinese employer.  Do I need to pay taxes for that work to the IRS also? 
could not retrieve my old user name and password from when I filed my taxes for 2014 so I just made a new user name and sign in in 2015. I now need a copy of my old tax return. How do I get this? 
I filed my federal tax through the mail and I cannot access my state tax paperwork which was due May 1 and it now May 3.  Please allow me to pull it up and print. 
I was able to see both last week 
Will there be a penalty if I owe money and filed before April 18, 2015 but it was rejected? 
I received an e-mail that says someone attempted to fill out a return using a different account and I should verify my account through the e-mail.  This is a fishing SPAM correct? 
do you have to print and mail manually or can you file directly from the website? 
im not sure if i will have the money taken out of my account or if i have to mail in my return 
The instructions say mail the 1040X & my Amended 2015 forms but once printed, the 1040X has water marked on it DO NOT FILE FORM NOT FINAL DO NOT FILE. 
How do I get a refund when I was charged for efiling even though this was rejected and I had to do this manually? 
I feel I was cheated out of my refund I never received! 
How can I view/print the 1099-misc forms I created using Turbo Tax for my 2015 taxes? 
My spouse was on her parents healthcare exchange plan until we got married in October. We filed married filing jointly this year and got a letter saying we need to fill out a 8962. I got the 1095-A from her parents, and filled in the premiums and credits, etc. Where I am confused is the percentages on allocation. Can I just allocate 0% as her parents and I had an understanding that they covered her health insurance. 
where are my docs, unable to retrieve them 
The IRS cannot pull up information about my refund and I was never prompted by TurboTax to mail in anything.  Why weren't my taxes filed? 
have completed everything says file now pay later - but won't let me continue 
the screen freezes when I use back button 
no download button appears below the status of accepted, how do it print 
Im stuck in the Easystep process when filling information for companies working for my appartments (TP-1086). I have 3 more buildings to enter but software bugs. I try to uncheck 3 checkboxes at the top and associated fields but when I click Suivant, attached picture shows what I get. 
I have tried going back and re-signing up for plus and it does not allow me the option. I need this return information tomorrow. 
Now, the PLUS option is shaded out and it wasn't at first. What am I to do now? 
Filed incorrect info on state return and need to amend the return 
and it showed it as not being marked as if I did have it so I did and the return amount did not change not sure it even should idk but anyway then it said there was a snag or a problem and i click on amend so i clicked that and it said i could not e file if I did that so I backed out of that and im not sure what I need to do if anything. wayne.craig68@yahoo.com/w.craig43@yahoo.com/              765-716-1297. thank you 
I haven't filed my 2014 returns yet. Just filed 2015. It says I need to download TurboTax desktop. Can I download that on my android phone and complete my taxes. The information is in there just needs to be reviewed and transmitted 
We had misplaced a 1095-c form and did not find it till after we has done our taxes.  How would I go about getting the information to the IRS. What forms would I need. 
Will we have to pay taxes on a gift received for college for my daughter?  Would it be best for the giver to pay the college directly? 
I am using turbotax online. I got a K-1 after I already filed.  I understand how to update the federal return but I dont know how to update the California state return.  TurboTax just gives me a pdf to fill in.Any help? 
Don't I need to enter the amount of the distribution into TurboTax in order to factor it into the amount of tax I owe? 
Why can't I post this question as a ticket where someone calls me back, as I have done in the past? 
It must... I don't know how else it would get into the right place... but just for my peace of mind, I'd like to know. Thanks! 
I sent my first payment by money order with a voucher from TurboTax a couple days before taxes were due. 
It looks like I never filed but I did. I got a good return too. I just can't find any information regarding that previous tax return on my Turbo Tax account... 
Used TurboTax.com, premier. I tried looking in computer using the find .tax, and it has a lot of the prior years .pdfs but nothing for this year. When I log in it asks if I am ready to get started...What? It should already be done. This was the first year we didnt print/download, relied on your cloud to keep the copy. Now not even sure if it was processed. We filed prior to April 15th, if it didnt take, will we have fines now if we have to refile???  If it was filed, how can we get a copy? 
I accidentally put in wrong account number for my refund.. What do i do now? how do i get my refund? 
I mailed my return so the system dose not seem to be amending my return just editing it. 
I don't need an extension, but I do not want to be considered late because I was out of the country in April. Can I still e-file? And if so, how do I prove I was really out of the country? 
I was helped by your experts and I received my return back from the IRS with spaces to fix. I TRIED TO CALL CUSTOMER SERVICE WHICH SAYS THEY ARE OPEN 8-5 PACIFIC TIME AND THEY ARE CLOSED I NEED HELP PLEASE! 
My federal taxes will come. But i don't know anything about my state taxes and their website it's not working. 
i was suppose to receive my tex return today via direct deposit its, I filed on the 13th of Apirl and its may 4th. SO I tracked me refund through the IRS website and it gave me this message..."We cannot provide any information about your refund. You must wait at least 24 hours after you get the acknowledgement e-mail that your tax return was received by the IRS" 
I would like my money back into my return 
taxes took longer then expected and turbo tax took money from me twice 
I received the email saying it was accepted but no refund. 
Filed in March?  No refund from the IRS to date.  Did the return get sent to the IRS? 
How long does it typically take for California State Tax payment to be processed? While Federal Tax was processed quickly, I don't see any payment being processed for State Tax. Something seems wrong, even though I did provide my bank information when successfully e-filing. I fortunately do not owe much, but I would really like to get this all behind me, and before I get a nasty reminder with potential penalties...Best, 
He works part time and has income of $26000 
How can I get a $29.00 refund from Turbotax?  I had to file in two different states and believed I could do it on the Free Federal website.  I ended up having to pay for one state, but couldn't afford the second: I'm jobless and homeless.  I managed to do my taxes on the Freedom website, but Turbotax NEVER gave me a federal return to print out.  I had to send my tax forms in without one. 
How do I get my 2014 Tax returns? 
I feel like I answered this question $889.02 Hydro, $18,000 rent and 2 rooms used for business 
We live for over 20 yrs, making $100,000 on sale 
I want to delete my online account [remove email] 
want to pay 1040 and SE taxes using a debit card as soon as possible, can you give me the total I owe and a way to pay 
its been more then 6wks and i still have not received my NY state return nor a letter explaining why its taking so long.. 
I need an additional copy of my amended 2015 taxes.  The amended taxes are not on my computer.  I just amended them this morning. 
I entered all the information on the 8962 from my 1095-A, now IRS is saying I didn't fill out the monthly amounts, but on the 8962, Turbo automatically chose Yes on line 10, to skip those.     I don't know what information to enter in columns d and e.  Also line 8b gives 'monthly contribution amount' of a very small amount, only a third of what I actually contributed in 2015.  What do I do? 
I enter full numbers in Rental and let TurboTax divide 
Last year I could not use TT online due to a software defect and TT had me use the desktop  version so I could manipulate the forms directly.  I'll need to do that again this year, hence I need to download TT for 2015 - just as I did for 2014.   The problem is that the TT website prevents me from downloading TT for US returns because my address is Canadian.   Surely TT realized there are about a million Canadians who hold dual citizenship and as such many of us are required to file both in Canada and the US.   For whatever reason, someone at TT thought it'd be a good idea to prevent us from downloading the US version - yet... I need the US version. So... can you update the website to allow my Credit Card to be used (with my Canadian address).  It's a US bank but the address here my home address here in Canada.This is absurd.  Please assist as I have until June 30th to file.Thank you,Patrick 
The IRS has said that we left some 1099s off our 2014 taxes. Can you help us with the procedure for correcting/amending our 2014 taxes? 
I'm trying to get a copy of my w2. I lost the paper copy I had and I think I uploaded it to turbotax. I can't find a way to see the information I used the last time I filed using turbo tax. 
Looks like other people would like to have a software that tracks medical expenses.  Are there any plans to release medical deductions software this year? 
I do not see "Things I Can Do" that will allow me to print my 2015 Tax filing. 
The filing was 4/17/16 and I have been notified the returns were accepted. 
The lender wants a copy of my tax return for my mortgage application. PDF is too large to load and zip file strips all numbers. Quicken officer says it is easy to use TurboTax to forward from your site. I can not find a way to forward returns. 
Filed in March 2016 for Year 2015. Rec'd 4883C Letter April 2016. Called the # on the letter, was told that I had to make an appointment and drive to an IRS location, oh and by the way, the next available appt is in 3 weeks. The IRS holds your refund hostage until you drive to an IRS office???  What happened at the appointment?  Just wonder if this is common? Any idea what triggers this? Nothing's special or different about my return this year. 
I filed my federal and state taxes through TurboTax like I have several times before on April 11.  Both returns were accepted and a few days later the Federal amount owed was transferred out of the account which I identified for payment.  The state taxes were never transferred and just today (May 3) I had to may an additional $45 to pay with my VISA card.   This has NEVER happened before.  The State of North Carolina is hearing about people in similar situations this year with Turbo Tax.  What is the problem? I paid for you to handle the transaction and it wasnt handled-.  I want a refund for the state portion of the fee that I paid.  I have been incurring fees and interest since April 18th by the state of North Carolina for your mistake. 
The Statement of Foreign income shows my Canadian Income and 2x my foreign income. Background: Dual Citizen. Worked in Canada until August 2015, then permanently moved to the US for a job change. What I did: I inputted my T4 slips and my foreign income in the Income Tab, under the T Slips subsection. Under provincial tab, it asked me to put my foreign income again in the Statement of World Income subsection. Heres where the problem starts: The statement of world income has 2 sections, and provides a total for both combined:1. Income from Canadian sources(This includes line 236, which includes a sum of line 101 for T4 slips, and line 104 which includes foreign income)2. Income from sources outside Canada(This of course includes foreign income)So now it shows my net income as Canadian income (101) + Foreign income (104) + Foreign income again. Am I not supposed to fill one of the foreign income sections? I have a feeling one of them might be for something like Foreign income earned while in Canada, which is not my case. 
What will TurboTax do if Vermont persists in saying my return wasn't filed? 
says i am being claimed as a dependent 
i could not add my IP number before but now I have it added. 
I moved to a new house during the middle of the year and now have to enter info for a home office for both but they are asking for Expenses Allocated to each home office but no hint at what number to enter. 
I filed an amended 2015 return that did not change my taxes but increased my capital loss carryover. Will TurboTax pick up my revised carryover on my 2016 return? 
I prepared my tax return using TurboTax, but was unable to e-file because an accountant had already filed for me. I had to mail in my tax return with a form saying that the first tax return was submitted without my consent. Now I need to file an amendment because my IRA contribution did not go through, but TurboTax wants me to fix the issues with the return first but they are not fixable because the issue is that someone else already e-filed using my information. 
My Soc . Sec.  covers mortgage, transportation, food and mics. costs. 
Now state deadline is passed.  TurboTax did not prompt me if I also wanted to submit for state.  I assumed it was done automatically.  Wondering if this prompt should be added in future to avoid this situation. 
Depreciation expense ??? 
do I have to count money that is going out to a subcontractor as mine 
sellback of a timeshare.  Will claim it is income. Please help. 
how do i print out what was submitted to irs? 
I recently got married and need to change my W-4. My husband and I want to receive a refund, but also not minimize our monthly income too much. He makes about $80k, and I make about $45k. We have no children and would not really benefit from itemizing our returns.How many allowances should we claim on our W-4 forms? 
TurboTax only prompts for Box 1, not Box 3. How would I know to go manually to Line 21? 
Many people who live near a state border may live in one state but work in the other.  Often those states will both have income tax.  I think most people would only need to file 1 federal return as well.  So why is it that you allow 5 different federal tax returns to be created (and e-filed) for free, but charge the full price for the software to create a return for the second state?  This just seems ludicrous.  I have been a loyal customer of your tax prep software for years now, but may decide to figure it out on my own rather than pay double.  Very disappointed in your company at the moment.To clarify:Yes the Deluxe software has a cost of about $50, and Yes I am talking about the CD software.  But what I am saying is that for some unknown reason, you allow 5 different federal tax returns to be created, and then e-filed at no additional cost.  You also allow 1 state return to be created, e-filing has additional charge.  But if you have to file state tax returns in two states because you work in a neighboring state, you charge an extra $45 just to create the second states tax return, and e-file would also be an even more additional charge.  This is just nonsensical. 
2014 AND 2015 
This is the third year I have had problems with my NYS tax return. Am I doing something wrong? Is there a glitch in the free edition? What steps do I take to get money? 
MY amended return said I owed $440 to the IRS. Turbotax and the IRS just sent me notice I was receiving a refund of $399 and it has been deposited in my account. Is this correct? 
need copy 
Deleted 
After filing my taxes I was informed that the State taxes would come directly out of my refund; however, according to my bank account this morning, the State taxes were taken directly from my bank account putting me negative in my checking account.  Not very happy with this and please give me some answers? 
Ok, so I'm a bit freaked out because I got an email from the above saying Internet SurveillanceAn Internet Surveillance alert indicates that a piece of your monitored information has been exposed on the web." I went to log in and any way I tried to get to that page, it says "Page Not Found". Even going to their home page it says the same thing. Did I just get scammed for my log in info??? 
I need to complete a 8962 form 
I had to amend my 2015 tax return, now I need a copy of that and I cannot come up with it from your website, can u help me with this, thanx Mary J. Garakop 
i filed my taxes on 04/13/2016 and have not seen any information on my filing or have not received my money yet 
I am the personal representative for an estate. Do I have to prepare and send out K-1s to beneficiaries if the estate is paying the taxes and no distributions have yet been made? 
on same turbo tax account 
I see that line#19 is in reference to Tax Withheld and Wages, I thought that was an automatic from their records ?? 
I sold my inventory but was not able to collect the money where do I enter it in my 1120S CORP ? 
My information is correct and I tried the IRS refund tracker and the Amended IRS refund tracker. 
Somehow I was charged for some kind of mber fee or something like that. 
for my records 
I filed an extension on my 2015 taxes and will be filing the return soon.Hypothetically speaking, if I were to fund file the return and fund the SEP with $10,000 (which is the amount it says that can be deducted without penalty for purchasing a home for the first time) then if I purchased property two weeks later and withdrew the $10,000 from the SEP would this be allowed? Or would it be determined that I already had intent to purchase property and funded the SEP with $10,000 simply to save on taxes? 
My wife and I are Maryland residents and we are both military retirees. Informed my my old tax person that MD retirees can take 5 or 10% off of there state taxes. If this is true, where do we record this information in turbo tax to obtain this deduction? 
Searching: "My Minnesota state refund was offset to pay a medical bill. The circumstances surrounding the bill are grey because I don't believe I owe it. I was on MA and was told the procedure was 100% covered and went through many months of preop appointments with both thr hospital and human services to assure it was covered. 9 months post op I get a bill for a portion of the procedure and now they've taken my state refund. Is it unheard of to get it back? My plan is to contact the hospital and get my records explaining if and why I do owe the amount and if I do, I plan to ask to set up a monthly automatic payment plan with them. I am currently on MA due to financial burdens and being unemployed Nov-Feb. Im still playing catch up and truly needed that refund to help. Any insight at all? 
I had 2 consecutive jobs 2 years in a row laid off twice in 3 years.  For 2 years, refund less. In 3rd year, 1 job for year received expected refund.So in summary, nothing changed in my life (all same deductions).2012 refund around $2000  1 job, 1 w-2 all year  (had job for 5 years and every year around same refund)Laid off in April 2013 so job Jan-April and another Job May-Dec. 2013 Had 2 w-2s very little refund (way less than 2012)2014 laid off in October so job May 2013 to Oct. 2014 and another job Nov-Dec. 2014 Jan-April and another Job May-Dec. Had 2 w-2s.  Again, very little refund (way less than 2012)Current job had 1 job all of 2015.  Received around $2000 again.I conclude their is something with the multiple w-2s.  These are CONSECUTIVE jobs not at the same time.  Something is not right. 
He does not give me an accounting of this fee but has told me verbally of the cost. 
\nReside in \nMD to work,fulltime residence in PA. Im paying PA taxes,do I pay MD \ntaxes?Past income tax I owed MD taxes.Is this correct? Ive been paying \nPA tax and not MD?\n\n\n\nCurrently I reside in Maryland due to work, but my fulltime residence is in Pennsylvania. If I am paying PA Stat taxes, do I have to pay Maryland state taxes? Also, this past income tax I ended owing Maryland State taxes. Is this correct since Ive only been paying PA tax and not MD? PLease advise? <span class=_wysihtml5-temp-placeholder></span> 
My wife is self-employed. We deduct her Medicare Part B premium as a business expense. I have a part-time job but no health insurance from my employer. Can we deduct my Medicare Part B premium as a business expense? 
I was approved for a federal refund of $7386 and was scheduled for the deposit to go into my account today. I only received $3440.. is there a reason for this? 
I filed my injured spouse report and I got a letter back saying that question 
Who can I contact to fix this problem so I can file? 
I neglected to save a copy of my returns and need them ASAP. I am unable to find or print my 2015 tax returns they were filed and accepted 2/5/16. It is telling me I have to pay first??? 
We have no idea where to begin when it comes to taxes on an LLC in Hawaii 
Hello,My NY state refund was accepted march 20 but still not known by NY State as May 5th when i go on https://www.tax.ny.gov/pit/file/refund.htm"We do not have any information about your return at this time"when i call them it's a robot telling me the same thing,can turbo tax assure that it was filed? is there any other way to check on ny state filing status?thanksGab 
The program didn't put in our health insurance coverage, had our state refund amount wrong, etc.  Frustrating and I'd prefer to get a refund and have them redone with an accountant. 
Why do I have to pay $29.99 just to print my 2014 Taxes? 
I'm getting an email from this company saying the card was reported stolen, then it couldn't be delivered to my address, which is correct. Just wondering what is going on. 
I was using turno deluxe 
I appreciate the help 
I dont want my credit card to be charged for this. 
Hi. I have a very unique situation that I could use some help with. I have been asked to submit form 1095-A and Form 8962. Here is what the situation is: I was an independent filer for 2015 and was not claimed by my parents. I had health insurance through my employer all year long. For some reason I was enrolled in my Parents Obamacare plan for the month of January 2015. The monthly premium amount was: 1096.60, the monthly premium amount of second lowest cost silver plan was 1040.33 and the monthly advance payment of tax credit was 770.00. I am very confused in filling out the info when I try to amend the return in turbo tax. It asks if it was a shared policy, I hit yes and I enter my fathers details. Then it asks for Your Premium Percentage, Your SLCSP Percentage, and Your Advanced payment of PTC Percentage. I have absolutely no idea how to calculate this, or if I am doing this properly. Any guidance will me much appreciated! Thanks. 
i submitted my taxes in feb. i still can not get any information. why is it taking so long to even find any details? 
I filed on March 28th and still no return. "Track my refund" does not give a reason why it has been delayed. When I call the IRS the recording tells me there are too many incoming calls and hangs up. Is there anyone at all that I can speak with that has some answers? 
It's been over six weeks and I haven't heard anything about my refund I had to file this way because someone filed a fraudulent return 
I filed with turbo tax last year but its not on my time line 
I need all of my last 5 years of tax returns . Is turbo tax able to fax me any of the returns i have done through them from 2010 until today 
I paid it by check but now I'm faced with paying late fees I don't believe I should pay.  Never had issues with bank account before using Turbo-Tax.  Please advise. 
Notified that refund was sent to bank on 4/11/2016.  As of today, not depositedMy research reveals that I did not enter Bank routing info correctly.  Contacted bank and have the new information..  How do I get this situation corrected? 
I've followed the directions to upgrade and when I get to the screen I need to upgrade the "Plus" and "deluxe" options are grayed out. 
Do i only send voucher 1040V? And why does it say 3.314$ and not 8931 $? 
Since we don't know why it was rejected and we still have not received anything, what should we do.   Does the IRS keep a record of the rejection?  Should we attempt to efile?  Should we call and find out why it has taken so long.  We sent the return via certified mail.  Thank you. 
I was wondering if I was suppose to print out and send the paperwork myself but I thought Turbo tax did that for me as I added my bank account information. 
Why are you holding onto our money? 
I received corrected two 1099-B from Wells Fargo on April 29, 2016, well past the April 15 deadline.  Please let me know what I need to do at this point.  Sincerely,  Blesilda Battiato 
How do you create the 2016 1099-R in TurboTax Permier 2015? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3226218 
I was able to it last year but was unable to do so this year.  I continue to use my car for work. 
How do I import my ItsDeductible information 
IRS accepted my federal return back on February 9th submitted by TurboTax however IRS had it pending. We called the IRS and they stated that they cant validate the employer and wage and need a copy of the W2 to validate. How can I send my W2 over to the IRS? 
still have not gotton step daughters refund 
I need to upgrade to Plus just so I can print my 2014 return. I did not file my 2015 taxes with Turbo Tax. All of the instructions to do it do not make sense because I did not file with them. 
I'm signed in to my turbo tax account and cant find any record of my 2015 taxes or refund amounts.  I know I did them, as I already received one of my refunds.  I want to find out how much the other one is; I dont remember.  Shouldnt I be able to see this info in my account? 
I filed paper form 4868 extension of time to file 2015 taxes, with no additional payment required. Separately I made a 2016 first quarter estimated tax payment thru EFTPS. Now I am completing my 2015 tax return on TurboTax. Where do I enter the 2016 first quarter estimated payment? 
I made a Roth IRA contribution in September 2015.  Thanks to TurboTax Deluxe, in April 2016 I learned this was an excess contribution which, if left as is, would cost me penalties.  I then told Turbotax to recharacterize my excess Roth contribution as a regular IRA contribution, but before filing, I learned about the tax implications and ongoing filing requirements involved due to the fact that I would have mixed nondeductible and deductible contributions in my regular IRA.  Not a good situation, so I balked.  Instead, my IRA custodian moved the funds plus earnings to a regular (non-IRA) account.  (I also filed for an extension.)The problem is with the earnings.  IRS pub. 590-A says on page 45 The earnings are considered earned and received in the year the excess contribution was made.  i.e., 2015, even though I received the earnings in April 2016.  Instructions for form 5329 line 23 imply the same thing, but when they invoke see Form 8606 for details, it doesnt seem to fit exactly.  Online searches yield different opinions, but overall, reporting the earnings in 2015 seems most likely to be the requirement.Unfortunately, I cant seem to make TurboTax take this into account.  In the deductions and credits interview I entered the contribution, and later I entered the withdrawal amount, which was the contribution plus the earnings.  Turbotax flagged this as an error that I saw when looking at forms view, but did nothing else.  To get rid of the flag, I entered a withdrawal equal to the contribution, which TurboTax seemed to like, but nowhere am I being prompted to enter the earnings.Further, my custodian says they will not report said earnings until Jan-Feb 2017, so I dont know how to even manually enter these earnings, or whether theyre cap gains, interest, long term gains...?  Logic, TurboTax, and my IRA custodian all seem to be dictating that Id report the earnings with on 2016 tax return, but the IRS says otherwise.  Please help, Im stuck!THANKS!!! 
My 1120S for Y2015 was accepted via TT Biz on 4/13.  IRS slammed $195 penalty for late filing. I don't see the date/time it was accepted. How can I get this proof? 
no 
We have 3 exemptions total, and I'm pretty sure he has to claim himself, and I claim the other 2, but I want to make sure I do this correctly. 
I filed my personal taxes with TT Deluxe.  I am also a managing partner of a 2-partner LLC.  Will my subscription allow me to fill out a Form 1065 for this partnership LLC? 
It says that my federal return has been accepted already so why isn't the money on there yet? 
Looking for capital gains input.I am selling a chimerical building.Original basis is 75k.Sale price is 135k.Capital gain is 60k.When talking about re-investment or net proceeds, are we referring to the gain of 60k? Or the 135k minus the expenses of sale?Any comments and suggestions would be appreciated.(These are general numbers) 
when I print it shows amended but I received an answer to my previous question indicating to just make the changes on the initial return in which I thought I was doing. 
I filed my extension through mail and not through TurboTax. 
The return was E-filed with Turbo Tax 
Its Been  two months , And i havent recieved My state refund !!  What can i do ? 
How do I find out when I'll get my refund? 
I work for a casino in Indiana, the company is making all non-residents amend their returns for the last 3 years & file IT-40RNR forms in Indiana. I live in Ohio: how do i account for taxes already paid to OH on it? I see no line oe option to do so, indicating either no action ( other than including a 1040 copy) ... OR am I to insanely come up with $1000s to pay IN in full and have to amend OH taxes for 3 years now requesting an additional refund, and hope to get it back? Need to know 100% ASAP. thanksI was given the 40rnr form by my employer to complete. I DID have local taxes withheld and did credit them to Cincinnati city wage taxes, but no IN state taxes.  Oddly, YES we MUST file it with the state or lose our jobs! refund or not, they want it documented apparently.  It makes no sense to me whats-so-ever but we HAVE to do it so i need to get it right - and of course - we have no help to do so. 
If I setup direct deposit for my payment plan to the IRS shouldn't I have already been charged for the first payment?  I don't see any charges relating to the IRS in my bank acccount. 
The bank account details I provided weren't correct, so how do I pay the CA state tax now? 
Are tax returns backed up anywhere on TurboTax's computers?? 
Purchased from Costco and I don't want to open it if it is too late. 
Please advise. 
The time frame ended May 4th.  The 4th was not with me... 
I filed my return on 4/14/2016.I lost my previous SSn w/o middle name.The SSA issued me another SSN with middle name last 2015 thats why I used the one with middle name.Now how long will it take to process my refund. 
I see tons of info on how to use the tools option that is only available if you are already logged into the 2014 software. Why shouldn't you fix the request even popping up!!!! 
I had no knowledge that I owed RITA taxes.  Just received a small claims notice that a RITA municipality is attempting to collect taxes owed for 2008 and 2009.  I am aware that the municipality has 3 years after the tax is due or the return is filed, whichever is later to pursue a civil action--however, I did not file a RITA return and need to know if the 3 year statute of limitations starts from the date I timely filed that Federal and state tax returns or whether there is no statute of limitations on the RITA taxes, since I did not file a RITA return for 2008 and 2009. 
I bought the software so I could do my taxes but the software 2011 home and business is missing a lot of forms such as 1040, state (colorado) cant download and schedule C and probably more. 
For example, my bank and W2 information was imported.  Is there a way to print those documents to submit paper copies to a State Requesting it 
My credit card is US but my foreign address is listed how do I pay without state and zipcode 
I'm in Ireland, so I'll be taxed as an American and apparently I get all of the Irish tax I'm paying back. 
I sent the amended tax forms some weeks ago. 
I need to obtain my 2014 tax return and its been so complicated to figure out how to pay for the upgrade so I can get my tax papers already. Can I please get some help on this? 
Not able retrieve my 2014 returns 
cannot find it 
i need this document its very important 
I am confused, since when I start my personal taxes I have chosen personal and business. So not sure what combination should I use. 
It shows a worksheet for the corporation and is requesting name and number.  I think it was started because I hit the edit button on the screen related to K-1 income.  When I go back it won't let me delete that screen. 
I started my application and I am not happy with the service. It is not tailored to fit my situation and very unhelpful and a waste of money. I want to cancel my application and complete account with TurboTax. Thank you. 
I was told I can not file electronically because I did not receive a w-2 from my employer. I have a substitute for it and finally learned after paying turbotax $29.99 to file my state taxes that I can only file by mail.  It will not allow me to only file state electronically, I must file both or none.  I was unable to use the service I had already paid for.  How do I get my $29.99 back? 
I received a print out of my tax return and understood my taxes were filed. When I checked status they were not and apparently never submitted. What do I do? 
i got accepted by turbo tax on april 16th. i did the installment and I put $10000 for the min pay, then afterward $1000 each month. i paid california tax separately and they cashed my money already. how about federal? i don't mind to keep my $10000 in my bank for few more months but it's ignoring that i can't use it .... 
Why haven't I gotten my federal taxes back yet? It's been three weeks already? 
It says it is updating but it isn't. 
IRS Treas 310 deposited to my checking account and was more than what Turbo Tax said I should receive on my return ? 
I would like to be refunded for the amount I paid for direct deposit since my return is now being mailed by check 
My mother supported me all last year. I was diagnosed with bipolar 1, borderline personality disorder and addiction. Is it possible that she can get a deduction for me when she files her taxes this year? 
Please, someone, answer me.  I lost my job and I need the money. 
need to speak to someone now 
I already filed my federal, how can I go back and file my state tax? 
I had custody of a minor for 8 months last year. Is their a form that I need to file with my taxes to claim a partial dependent deducation? 
I only received $501.93, WHY? 
that I need a code, tried that..rejected, HELP you have my money, I have rejection! 
I filed an amended tax return two weeks back now i am trying to retrieve that document again by signing in and try to look for federal tax under taxes but its not there. How can see or print the amended tax return i printed 2 weeks ago. 
The check wasmailed yesterday. 
I started my 2014 CA State Return, and it shows up on my TurboTax timeline, but I can't access it to finish filing or make changes. Help? 
Where do I find it? 
I have been trying to file our 2015 federal taxes for the past two weeks and keep getting a question about our 2014 NH state taxes.  Why is this relevant now? 
I did not receive a receipt for the deductions against my return.  I am applying for a loan and need this to explain difference in return and deposited amount.  Need ASAP 
Warning reads: Net capital loss carry forward amounts, used to calculate the Capital Gains Deduction, have changed this year. Please review your amounts for the years affected to ensure the correct amount is being used. Under Taxable Capital Gains (which comes up if I click Applies to Me, the 2014 taxable gains (from line 199 of Schedule 3) have been entered by the program from my last years taxes, but its not showing line 199 of Schedule 3 for 2013. So do I just enter line 199 of Schedule 3 for 2013 or do I just disregard this warning, since I did not sell any funds this year and am not trying to carry forward a capital loss? 
NJ return 
I sent in my return before the deadline, but it got sent back to me because I forgot to sign it. If I sent back the signed (amended) return after the 4/18/16 deadline, will I be charged a penalty? 
need the contact number 
We are planing to transfer a title to a residential house located in the Czech Republic, (Europe) from my daughter to myself. We both have US citizenship. My daughter lives and works in the Czech Republic and does not file US taxes since about 2008. I live in California and I file US taxes. Are there any taxes due on this transaction or filing requirements? Does my daughter have to file the form 709? The value of the property is over $200 000, however I have rights to live in the property to the end of my life or even rent it out and use the income for myself. 
I recommended TurboTax to 3 people who did file with you.  When can I expect the Amazon gift?  (second request) 
I used TurboTax and only filed Federal at the time (stupid I know) ... I now need to ONLY file 2014 state ... what is the best way to do this? 
The return is not that much so wondering why it is taking so long when we have never had an issue with the length of time to receive. 
IRS seems to only deliver transcripts that will display yearly income. Just looking for a letter stating that I filed my income taxes without disclosing details. 
I choose to have Turbo Tax to take the fee out of refund 
I still have not received my refund, CA Tax site says it require additional processing. I have not recd any letters from CA Tax. Any idea why submission dates are different ? 
I didn't put my school tax form on my taxes should I would that get me the learning credits? 
This wouldnt be such a big issue if the IRS could at least give a date, anything, but no info on my file. And I cant contact the IRS because Im not in the states right now. 
My federal tax refund is being held for review because of a mistake TurboTax made.  In short, you entered estimated tax I paid on Line 64.  It should have been entered on Line 65.  Do you care? 
Specifically--can i file single since he has no responsibility toward US taxes or tax law? 
THE LETTER SAYS I CAN ONLY PAY THIS BY USING A BANK ACCOUNT OR CREDIT CARD. WHY CAN'T I SEND A MONEY ORDER? 
I am a US citizen, and my spouse is a non-resident alien. I sell shares at a loss, and my spouse acquires substantially identical shares within the wash sale window, so I cannot claim the loss. If I had purchased the shares myself, I would get to add the loss to the cost base of the purchased shares. If my spouse were a US resident, he could get to add the loss to his cost base. Since neither is true, am I out of luck in recovering the loss though a cost base adjustment? 
How do I get TT to figure the SEP contribution\ninto my taxes? 
I had my state taxs mailed. I did not receive my refund. When I checked, I noticed that TT had not entered the bank account number or checked the check box to receive a check. What can I do to get me return now? 
email from TPG: Please direct any processing fee questions or disputes to the transmitting company you used to file your income tax return. You can contact the transmitter of your tax return via the Customer Support number provided on their web site. 
I need to find the wire transfer details in my file 
I did pay for the e-file.  I have never received my State before my Federal even when you e-file.  Could you please help me on this.  You have the 4th marked as when I would get it and I still do not have it.  Can you please help me with? 
When I filed my return, there was a pop up that said a health insurance rebate form would display once the return was sent.  That I might be eligible for the rebate to apply.  I never saw the form and cannot find it.  Any help? 
PFIC reporting was supported by TurboTax a few years ago, but has since disappeared.  How do people report sales of non US mutual funds that are held in their foreign country of residence? 
Business school tuition is >$150k paid over two years and is not mandatory to my current job but will increase my performance and value to the company.  I will be continuing to work for the company while attending school. 
The side bar says she owes $576 while the timeline says she's getting back $488.  It's very confusing and I'd like to clear all of this and restart it. 
Why there is "penalty" if any. How come there is no refund? 
Does the business file taxes separately? If we file a 1065 do the K1 schedules look exactly the same? 
My efile got rejected because i was already claimed on another return.  i am 19.  Im trying to uncheck myself as a dependant upon myself and i can not find how to uncheck myself. 
I filed 1 day ago. Found lost W-2. 
Not sure if my bank information was incorrect? 
It has been a month since the IRS accepted my return and I still have not received my refund (I opted for direct deposit). I called the IRS today and thankfully was able to speak with someone. Their representative told me there was missing information on my return but he could not access anything that told him what was missing. He completed a referral and told me I would receive a letter from the IRS in 3-6 weeks. Once I respond to the letter and provide the missing information, it will be another 6-8 weeks for them to process it. That means there is a chance I won't even see this refund for 4-5 months after the date it was accepted. Are you kidding me? I completed my entire return as I was prompted by TurboTax's filing service. I did not leave any information out. There should not be missing information on my return. I have used H&R Block's e-filing service in the past and never ran into anything like this. I will NEVER use TurboTax again and will make sure to spread the word about this. 
Can I resend my return using the Turbo Tax electronic filing? I do not see any way to do it after login in. 
I need a referral 
I have not filed taxes for the past 3 years and need to do it, which year should I start with? The oldest? Thank you. 
how long does it usually take? 
I got accepted feb 12 but never got approved. It still says processing but the tax addvocate was able to pull my transcripts today and she wasnt able to do that until today. Does that mean they are done processing my return and about to release it? 
I have entered her T4's and i am self employed so have no T4's, HELP 
Hello, I completed my 2015 return, paid the fee,and sent the file to CRA with Netfile; however, when I logged back in I can't seem to locate my 2015 return other than a incomplete version I started.  Can you please help me locate the return I filed? 
TurboTax did not print 1040ES vouchers with our 2015 return, probably because we received a refund. This year, 2016, we are now fully retired, so no taxes are withheld. Our financial consultant advised us to make estimated tax payments instead of withholding from social security or our pension. We also have a small side business. Where do I get the 1040ES forms for 2016 and can TurboTax estimate our taxes due in 2016? 
I need my 2012 Tax Download 
I need to add a 1099 to my 2013 taxes. I dont have how to purchase the upgrade so I can do it myself. can you please help me. I know I need to purchase a higher product from you like the plus or deluxe I just dont know which one I will need to purchase and how 
I'm have a difficult time locating the tax amout that I paid in this past year on my house, I found an assessment but I cant find a 1098 
Routing and checking #'s were filed in with ample funds in bank. 
netspend put my refund on the wrong card and then they sent it back to the irs.the irs is sending me a check how do I track my paper check? 
Business taxes done already and need to input numbers froths schedule k-1, form 1065. Where do I do that? 
It has been a month and tax refund has not arrived and can't be tracked online so I wonder if it was even filed?? 
They haven't sent a date 
I've had the AMT for years going back to 2006.  I assume I can go back at least 3 years and each time amend the return to take advantage of the AMT for a carryover to the next year.  And keep doing that every year up to the present.  Right? 
I called the social security people and verified my info, they said i have 0 issues on their end. But my tax return keeps getting kicked back from federal with the reason being my social and name doesn't match their database. What do i do? 
We paid to do our taxes already through turbo tax, but used his account. 
how do i get a copy of my 2014 taxes 
not sure if it was taken from the account or if i still need to send it in to VA. why would it say it was accepted?? did it accept the amount in which i was supposed to send without actually receiving it yet? (which means i still need to send it). if so where the heck can i find the adress? 
it was suppose to be here today 
What should I do now?  File amended return.  If it is accepted, I shouldn't owe anything.  Thank You. 
I just want to go through what if's 
How do I get my state return to show up, download or print? What is going on with Turbo Tax?  And I qualify for free state return also, but Turbo wouldn't give it to me! What's up with that? 
From all that I can find code 307 is in fact a valid code, but it isn't accepted by the Smartcheck and I don't know if I should E-File with this issue not resolved. (Oregon form 40 line 44 in Turbotax. I got the code (copied it) from the dialogue box that popped up right next to it (the "whats this") and it indicated in the same box that it was for the Federal Pension, and it was verified from Oregon.gov (https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/forms/FormsPubs/schedule-or-asc_101-063_2015.pdf) which shows on the top of page 3 "Federal pension income [code 307]" exactly what I need. The question is thus: am I putting a correct code number in the incorrect place/form? Or is it a bug in Turbotax, and all I need to do is ignore Smartcheck and file? Any help will be very much appreciated! Thanks! 
dont be a bunch of [Profanity Deleted] and assume that that your Learn More options anwer everythin 
They were filed electronically and I can't find them on Turbo Tax to print them. 
Why do you insist I pay for viewing my state return when I qualify for a free filing? 
why is it so hard to talk to customer service? 
Turbo Tax keeps insisting I pay for ANYTHING I need from them but I qualify for free filing for both federal & state returns. Why?! 
I need to download copies of 2014&2015 returns. 
I tried to go to the payment link  http://www.turbotaxpayments.com and the browser report that link as not found 
I did not receive any info about a 1040X form from TT when I filled the form out on their site. So how do I find it in my account so I can print and mail it in? 
Can my husband who filed taxes with an itin the last 3 years. Claim/amend his earn income credit, form 1040x now that he has a ss#? He received his Ss# Dec2015. I am a caregiver/stay at home mom. My son and I are both citizen with valid socials. 
l;adfkqlk;efa;lkds 
I lived in PA for 5 months but earned no income. During that time, husband lived and worked in CA. We moved to GA for the remainder of the year. We file jointly. No income was earned in PA. Do we file a state return in PA? 
Hi, I am trying to access my 2013 Tax Return but all in vain. Kindly help me out to print the 2013 Tax Return.Thank you, 
Without paying. 
i need to access my input to its deductible for TY 2013 how can i do that 
Hello,I just checked if IRS sent my refund via IRS web site and IRS stated they already sent the refund but I have not receive it. 
Can I use moms checking acc for my refund?? 
Why have i not got al refund .  In their web site says still being processed filed in Jan 
\n\nHi There I live in Vancouver, BC Canada and have received my\nManulife Bank Investment Loan Statement. I do know that I have to enter this\ninformation on S4: Statement of Interest Income in Turbotax (Canadian version).\nHowever, Im really not sure what information from the investment loan\nstatement I am to use and under which section in Turbotax I am suppose to enter\nthe information under. (ie: Do I enter it under the section Interest\nexpenses and carrying charges which states to enter the total interest I\npaid on money borrowed if Im using the money to earn investment income (which\nI am). Subheadings under this section are: (1) Interest Paid and (2) Interest\nPaid to acquire a partnership. The next subheading is Enter the total carrying\ncharges you paid in 2015 (3) Accounting fees, (4) Management or safe custody\nfees, (5) Investment counsel fees, (6) Other (specify), and (7) Amount.  Could you please advise?  Thank you in advance for your assistance.\n\n 
I'm extremely dissatisfied with the Netspend card I was issued. I used the Netspend website to find a "Free ATM" and when I attempted to withdraw funds, it notified me that I would be charged a fee. I stopped the transaction and called customer support, and they told me that if I want a free cash withdrawl, I need to go to my bank and ask for a "cash advance". I went to my bank, and the "cash advance" was declined. I called customer support again and they told me that it was declined because the transfer fee was $2.50 and I tried to withdraw all my funds. Then, after going home to find a way to get my money without a fee, I checked my balance and the "Free ATM" charged me $0.50 when it checked my balance. I wrote Netspend customer service to ask them to reverse the charge and tell me how to get my Tax Refund without a fee.They came back with a fee schedule for any ATM related transaction. Apparently "Free ATM" actually means "ATM That's Free When You Don't Count Fees".I am extremely dissatisfied with this card, and I feel like TurboTax really did it's customers wrong by offering it something with this many hidden fees. I know I'm only currently out 50 cents, but it really bothers me that I was given the run-around about free cash withdrawls and still got charged a fee. Is there any way at all to get my tax refund off of this card in cash without a fee? 
Using your other TTax version one could switch between forms and interactive mode.  Please advise how amend when the amount seems entered by the TTax software, not me. 
according to your question list, this error was supposed to be fixed for the end of april.  How do i get back into my return to be able to email it?  for the moment my screen says return completed on 12 april and ready to print. thank you 
And there is not a field to enter my drivers license in the turbo tax state tax form. Turbo Tax said to enter IL tax payer pin, or drivers license, and the field would not accept my drivers license, nor was there anywhere in the form to enter it. I followed other isntructions to go to the state taxpayer website and file a return on there, but that site has not given me a taxpayer pin. So, this is a Catch-22, and the whole point of using turbotax is so I dont have to file multiple times on different sites.... 
Mailed in taxes in April 13th 2016 how do I find out if the government received them? 
Hi,I cant locate my previously purchased 2011 TurboTax CD.Every year I purchase TurboTax CD (since 2001) and in 2014, I moved to the Download product version.I just now received a request from the IRS regarding the 2011 filings, and I cant locate my previously purchased TurboTax Deluxe CD for Tax-year 2011.Do I need to repurchase the product in order to have access and review my previous taxes? Or is there an alternative option to obtain access to the 2011 tax year software?Thanks! 
Other income for the year is about 45,000. 
i AM UNHAPPY WITH MY SERVICES WITH TURBOTAX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I filed my taxes 3 days ago and it still say pending what does that mean what do i need to do it has not been accepted yet or rejected... I dont understand. should i print them off and mail them in. 
I filed my tax return on line and payment was supposed to come out of my refund.  My refund was held up and you took a payment of $76.30 out of my checking on 4/8;meanwhile on 4/6 my return was deposited in my account and again 111.29 was deducted. That would be 34.99 too much.  I called and thought everything was settled. On 4/8 I received a check for 76.30  Then on 4/18 another 76.30 was put back in my checking.  Meaning I should still owe turbotax $41.31.  How do I take care of this? 
I paid in full, filled an extension on time, but did not remember to file my 2014 taxes.  How do I file them now?  what address to send the return? How can i get this done as quickly as possible? 
I deposited $3000.00 for 2015 and they will not correct it. I have asked several times. This is gong to cause me to have penalties at the IRS as soon as it catches up with me. Now my 2015 HSA amount will also be skewed, because I deposited again for 2015 on 4/15/2016. Thats when I figured out the mistake.How can I get them to fix the error, or how do I let the IRS know? Can I keep my deposit ticket and just say the bank wont correct the error? 
I need to add a new states and amend current.  When I click amend returns and then update states, it updates federal to amended even though I have made no updates to it and program says I dont need to.  I should be be able to file the new state electronically and mail amend existing with copy of my original federal.  Even I just mail both, I still want turbo tax to have this correctly for reference in Next years filing. 
How can I tell in Turbotax Home and Business 2015 software if I have already e-filed my state tax return???  My state, Louisiana, is behind in the process and was no help. 
I did this and  mail it off in February. 
The policy premium was paid for with after tax dollars. 
I have sent in my first payment and it was cashed on the 4th, auto withdraws are scheduled on the 10th. IRS has not contacted me, when will the auto payments start? How do I pay more than agreed payment? 
Im trying to file my taxes on a business that I just started on April 1, 2016. I know that I have to file my quarterly taxes by June 15th, and I dont know if I can file my taxes using turbo tax, because turbo tax keeps asking about 2015, when my small business did not exist. Is there something else I am supposed to do here, or can I not use turbo tax for filing for my small business? 
It would appear I've already upgraded to PLUS, but I'm still unable to access the documents. 
I am downsizing moving to apartment. 
I am a US Citizen, I live abroad (I do qualify for both the bona fide resident test or the 330 full days outside the US test) but I work as a software engineer, remotely, full time, for a US company and get paid into a US bank account, and that US company is not associated in any way with the US government.\nCan you please cite the source of your answer, if its on the IRS site or US Tax code somewhere.heres what Ive found so far on the IRS website, but I dont trust it as much, Ive heard that the site could be wrong sometime and should not be used a source.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusion---What-is-Fo...\n[QUOTE]\nSource of Earned Income\n\nThe source of your earned income is the place where you perform the services for which you received the income. Foreign earned income is income you receive for performing personal services in a foreign country. Where or how you are paid has no effect on the source of the income. For example, income you receive for work done in France is income from a foreign source even if the income is paid directly to your bank account in the United States and your employer is located in New York City.\n[QUOTE]\n So it looks like it doesnt really matter where you get paid, I perform my services outside the country, on a laptop, in an office, but they dont need to be done there, unlike the mining engineer example that the IRS website gives below where his services need to be done overseas.\n\n\n[QUOTE]\nIf you receive a specific amount for work done in the United States, you must report that amount as U.S. source income. If you cannot determine how much is for work done in the United States, or for work done partly in the United States and partly in a foreign country, determine the amount of U.S. source income using the method that most correctly shows the proper source of your income. In most cases you can make this determination on a time basis. U.S. source income is the amount that results from multiplying your total pay (including allowances, reimbursements other than for foreign moves, and noncash fringe benefits) by a fraction. The numerator (top number) is the number of days you worked within the United States. The denominator (bottom number) is the total number of days of work for which you were paid.\nExample:\nYou are a U.S. citizen, a bona fide resident of Country A, and working as a mining engineer. Your salary is $76,800 per year. You also receive a $6,000 cost of living allowance, and a $6,000 education allowance. Your employment contract did not indicate that you were entitled to these allowances only while outside the United States.\nYour total income is $88,800. You work a 5-day week, Monday through Friday. After subtracting your vacation, you have a total of 240 workdays in the year. You worked in the United States during the year for 6 weeks (30 workdays). The following shows how to figure the part for work done in the United States during the year. Number of days worked in the United States during the year (30)  Number of days of work during the year for which payment was made (240)  Total income ($88,800) = $11,100.\n\nYour U.S. source earned income is $11,100.[QUOTE]\n\n\nThey give the example of a mine engineer, I wonder if its the same thing if I am working remotely over the internet, I am physically out of the country though.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusion-Can-I-Claim-...\n\n\nThank you.\n\n\n 
How do I reopen my 2014 return? 
I paid for both Fed and State, but I can't get to the actual returns for either.  Somehow, I printed the 2015 Fed prior to 04/15/2016 and then made the changes I needed by hand - all related to estimated tax payments - and then filed the return by mail.  I want and need to do the same for the OH 2015, but there is no obvious way to get to the actual forms - at least with the web site I am looking at.   Maybe you have a product that gives me the forms that I can fill in the numbers and which will then calculate the taxes without going through all the questions which I do not need to do.  Is there such a thing? 
He is still a high school student.  I also received 420 of UCCB. How does this work. If he was 18 and still in high school at the end of the year of 2015 is he still a dependant even though he needs to do a tax return? Also with the UCCB I am not understanding about applying it to my income or his. What is the benefit to apply it to his net income for  the year. Is this just to lower mine? 
I am self-employed in a state that expanded Medicaid but subjects assets to recovery for all expenses. 
I started my taxes with the free federal EZ form and paid for my state and the added plus feature on April 18. The only reason I did this was so that I  could E file and have my returns in before the deadline. When I was all done because of an error on my 1095 A, I was not able to E file. I was very angry since I had paid $60 and could not get a refund. I called the necessary government agencies trying to resolve the error on my 1095 A, but nothing was accomplished. Today I went back into the program to complete and print my tax returns to mail them in and the program started asking me all kinds of questions. So I was answering them. The program then suggested that I would save money by upgrading to the Deluxe version. After I went through the complete Deluxe version my bottom line was exactly the same. The first step to file the returns was to go over the Turbo Tax product and choose how I was going to pay. The learn more pop up box indicated that if I did not want to proceed I could hit clear and start over. When I did that, the program told me that I could not do that. 
My wife recently take a independent contractor work and need to make quarterly tax payment throughout 2016. We think the online product TurboTax Hom & Business + QuickBooks Self-Employed bundle could save us more than purchasing TurboTax and QuickBooks separately. 
This is simply for future reference. I would love to see how donating my vacation home for more time would've affected my return. 
Since the deadline was 04-18-16 to file 2015 tax returns, and I filed an extension anyway, will that affect my ability to e-file today? 
I completed my questionary about my tax and you said to me that i will have it until may 6. Today is may 6 and I dont have my tax here. Please contact me when you will know something about it 
I only have two sources of income.  My Air Force retirement and Social Security.  No dependents.  I put in the information as requested by turbo tax.  The same I have done for the last several years.  Now IRS says they found a mistake yet Turbo tax never did??  How can I ever trust your  company again 
I pay landlord the rent for the house. Me and the landlord have a joint account,  and I pay rent from my personal account to the joint account. Is that enough to show that Im paying rent? 
I cannot believe I wrote a check from the wrong account. What do I do? 
I have increased my 401k contribution from 11% to 15%. 
I filed an amended tax form, turbo tax site said it was sent, but the IRS website shows it was never received. What do I do? 
How can I get the turbotax to add the tax paid off the T4A annuity 
Turbo tax helped me complete and print my 1040x and amended 1040A.  I would like a copy.  Where is the file???? 
I never received my return and when I looked back at the filing, the routing number appears to be incorrect. 
Turbotax sent me a email saying I will recieve my refund in my bank by today. Its still not there? 
In 2007, we invested into a development group which after 8 years of dismal results, 7 of the initial investors obtained legal counsel and settled out of court with the group for approximately 90 cents on dollar of the original investment.  The law firm representing the investors reported the distribution to the investors on a 1009-MISC. Turbo tax treats the 1099 as income. We are pursuing consultations with a tax attorney on this natter but am also wondering if the legal counsel should have reported the distribution on a different form other than a 1099?  Should the return on this investment be reported as income? 
I don't remember I add account information or not. But I am high believe that I request the paper check for refund. 
We have a small ROTH that we'd like to liquidate to use as part of a down payment for a house purchase. We are not first time home buyers. The ROTH is over 10 years old and we have not made a contribution on 10 years. What kind of penalty can we expect from the IRS? 
It continues to state my information does not match their records. 
Filed my state return on 1/23 and it was accepted next day. I was chosen for further review. I uploaded documents they requested. I had to wait up to 90 days more from 3/27/16 (day documents were submitted). It is now May 6th and message changed a few days ago to"Your refund is in the final stages of processing. Once your refund is approved, the issue date will be available"Did anybody else go through this long wait and if so how much longer did you wait before your recieved your money. 
I have all 2014 information on Trubo Tax but is not complete.  Please help complete so it can be filed to IRS.  I am in tears now because I have been trying to reach your company for two years......your office has all my information. 
I would like to start an additional state tax return for Hawaii for 2007 thru 2012. Is it possible? Would print and submit to Hawaii. 
do I have to call to get this card active 
I am a high school math teacher and I would like to teach students how to file taxes. Is there any type of program that would allow students to file "dummy" tax returns so that they can become familiar with the process? 
NJ has a regulation that allows me to receive all of the taxes back that they took from my check, since I never resided or worked in the state.  I was a remote employee.  Last year they had me submit proof from my employer by way of letter.  I filed a NJ1040NR and received all taxes back because they were owed in the state I resided in.  At the time, my employer didn't have the ability to tax out taxes in a state that was not adjoining to NJ.  The software in Turbo tax is not allowing for this benefit.  How do I do it? 
Need to know how to file for my 2014 and if can pay when get return back on that one. And like to know when I'll get my 2015 tax return back need money bad cus broke n about to lose all I have and got two weeks Hildreth I gotta feed n take care of. 
Since the monthly interest payments due on my loan came out of loan proceeds, via an interest reserve account, and gets capitalized, the 1098 shows $0 interest paid - can I still take the interest paid during the course of the year as a mortgage interest deduction? 
I am self-employed and currently pay the IRS quarterly taxes, but am unsure if I am supposed to pay the state of South Carolina quarterly for state taxes. 
I was under the impression that it should have been withdrawn from my account 2 weeks ago. 
So I think there is something wrong with my State Tax return. They say if they don't get copies of all this stuff they will deny my refund in 15 business days. I almost think I should just let that happen, and then edit and refile through TurboTax. Or should I send in the information they're asking for? 
Also, I haven't received my federal return yet, is that normal? 
I am trying to get my old tax returns, but I cant talk to anybody at turbotax 
I got an email from Turbo Tax a couple days ago telling me our (my husband and I) refunds will be deposited in the next business day. Later that day, I got an email from Santa Barbara Tax Product Group, saying our refund was on hold for suspicious activity in the account  so I verified the site through Turbo Tax and had my husband call his bank. Our account wasnt frozen, but our refund was on hold, of course. We really need this money! I sent them pictures of my ID to verify my identity but we have to wait ANOTHER 7 days for a confirmation. Ive called them and Turbo Tax and Ive just been told to wait. Like um, weve waited long enough! Im about ready to drive down to California to Santa Barbara Tax Product Group bank location and demand my money or to speak to someone in person. So help me God! How long does this take? & Turbo Tax: does this arrangement seem like a GOOD idea? Im told its to help prevent identity theft, but putting a hold on everyones money seems much more suspicious. Am I right or am I right? 
The 3531 asks to sign in the Sign Here box, but the form I sent has my (photocopied) signature there.I dont know if I should sign over the photocopied signature, or if I should fill out a new 1040 and sign that.  The copy I sent already has been stamped by the IRS. 
won't let me e-file because the software thinks there is an issue when there isn't. 
I don't have a printer. Can you tell me my 2015 AGI and also send me a copy? Thank you! 
Can I speak with someone? 
The only thing the wheres my return gives me is that it is being processed so how much longer now? 
contact me at [email removed] 
income items were omitted by error 
I make $65k annual salary and am single. 
Need to print out Federal and State 2015 returns. 
I filled in January 29 and i havent heard anything about my state refund. I did received my Federal refund; and both were accepted.I dont live in America. 
I have three 1099R forms, two SSA 1099 forms and one 1099- DIV form; no  W-2 forms.  How do I begin to tell the story of this years contribution to the Washington disaster? 
Some things you can do not an option! 
I have finished my return. I want to pay for everything but I get stuck at this point. Cant call since there is no phone number. Cant input my phone number because I live in Germany and the number doesnt fit. 
For 2015 
2015 1120S was not checked as final return as books were not complete - board elected to close 3/31/2016 in order to close out financial records and make final distributions.  So - can 2016 1120S be filed now?s corp made final contribution to 401(k) and profit sharing as of 12/31/2015 - When should form 5500 be filed? 
I won prizes on Lets Make a Deal in CA and am expecting to receive the 1099-misc and 592-b forms from them, since I am an out of state resident.  However, I already filed and received my tax refund for the year. I already paid the CA state tax before I was sent the prizes. Do I need to amend my return to add these prizes as additional income? How do I handle this? 
Its done and in system for some reason I can't look at it. 
how do I claim interest I gained on cashing in savings bonds? 
I did not fill out 2016 est tax because I did not owe; now unexpected gain. Need to fill out 
\n\nIn previous year any\ncapital gains from mutual funds was keep in the Trust to be taxed to the trust.\nIn 2015 it is putting the capital gains on the K1 to be taxed to the beneficiary.\nHas the law changed or is Turbo Tax doing this incorrectly?\n\n 
SSA Computation form indicated zero taxable income, so I did not enter it on 1040 form. 
Submitted a claim for the accuracy guarantee as the IRS sent us a letter that our 2014 taxes were wrong. Apparently Turbo Tax never generated a Schedule C for our self-employment income. The claim denial said we should have known this needed to be processed. We pay Turbo Tax to fill in the knowledge gaps so we dont have to pay an accountant to do this for us! We pay Turbo Tax to do these things for us and to catch these errors! We put in our income and deleted it and put it in and deleted it multiple times to be sure the numbers were the same each time. None of these times did it generate a Schedule C. This is not our fault and yet Turbo Tax wants to say it is, and refuses to follow up with the accuracy guarantee. Weve used Turbo Tax for years but this is horrible customer service. We shouldnt have to pay the penalty and yet TT refuses to. How can we escalate this? 
I requested an extension for filing my 2014 return and it got approved. When I attemp to open the saved information on my account, I am unable to proceed. Am I still able to file for free? 
I ammended online and complete it but there is now status showing its been sent etc 
Please call me at [Phone number removed] 
I did my mothers taxes but forgot the login..... need to speak with someone 
IRS says 2 securities were shown on the return, but 3 were reported to the IRS by the investment company.... how could this be the case?  the two that were on the return had the cost basis reported to the IRS.  The one that didn't show up, the cost basis was not reported.  All of the funds were immediately reinvested in another account.  Overall, it was a net loss.  What can I do?  Will Turbotax help? 
The money for my taxes was attempted to be put on my NetSpend card today. However, since I haven't received it to activate it, I was told the money would be sent back to the receiver on Monday, May 9th. I was charged $34.99 for the card, which was taken out of my taxes. NetSpend pretty much told me there's nothing they can do and the money will be sent back to the sender and then I will get a paper check in a few weeks. Not happy with that at all. The whole point of the card was to get the money faster, rather than having to wait weeks for a paper check. The card now is useless to me, and I'm out 34.99, which I fully intend to get back. Now, I have to wait at least another 2 weeks to get my money and I need the money now.  What am I supposed to do? It wasn't even a lot of money! This money wasn't even for some lavish shopping spree. It was to keep my cell phone on, food in my stomach, and gas in my gas tank. 
i need my IRS 1040 form because im filling out my financial aid form for school 
After I entered 1099-c, TurboTax didnt ask me if I was qualified for debt insolvency, I had to search form 982 then manually filled out form 982. But after I entered form 982, the amount I owe to federal tax was not changed at all, that means the taxable income did not update. It seemed the form 982 I entered was not linked with the 1099-c in my tax return. How do I fix this? I already used Turbo Tax CD version, I did the research, I know how to fill out 982 and insolvency worksheet. I think Turbo Tax has an issue, it wont link the form 982 I entered in Turbo Tax CD version with 1099-c in my tax return. In Turbo tax instruction, it says it will automatically ask you if you need to file form 982 after you enter 1099-c, it didnt happen to me. 
I've been checking online and all it says is that my state return can't be found .. 
I work from home as a maintenance coordinator for an out-of-state rental property company. 
I made a mistake and overpaid. Now I'm amending my taxes- do I include the overpayment on the taxes paid to ensure I get it back? 
we paid 30$ to e file my friends state return and it shows accepted about 8 weeks ago and AZ state has no record of the return.  So we wasted 30$ for nothing ???? 
I received a letter saying that the IRS tried to access my bank account and that the bank said the account was closed. The bank has no record of the request for funds. I am not able to access my original e-filing to see if I made an error or if during your filling something else happened.I am not a happy camper because the IRS is wanting to penalize me for this error and I am not ABLE to talk to a real person at Turbo Tax  Secure Code 890998 Now another one 924 378 * 
I did not file with turbo tax 2014 and 2015 
It clearly says that I can delete my state return and input my own date instead of having the information transferred. I have already deleted it but I have no clue on where to input my own data 
I get this message: Oops, it looks like you need to pay first before you can download and print your prior year returnsTo unlock this feature, follow these instructions 
i want to track my state refund w turbotax,Where is it? 
At one point while working on an amended tax return, Turbo Tax asked for a withdraw date from my bank account because i owe, I want to cancel it from being sent at this time so i can review everything and make sure its correct, could not find where i can change that 
I cannot find out anything about my federal tax return  it was accepted  1/21/2016an amended around 02/04/2016 I called an they said I get in a certain amount of time I never get an answer 
My husband did both of our taxes together, now I cannot print out my previous years refunds. What can I do? 
I live outside the US. I don't have a US credit card. Can I pay using a US bank account. 
How come even i got the audit protection im getting audit for? 
My CA state taxes processed on April 19 and I still have not gotten the direct deposit yet. Who can I call on the CA tax franchise board to get a live agent to talk to about this? 
I collected CA unemployment from 9/1 to 12/31 while living in AZ 
I spent 180  dollars as start up cost along with.400 dollars for business trips,training expenses 
Who at TurboTax is going to help me sort this out?  And if you tell me to call 1-800[xx] that wont help.  Ive been on hold forever.  Ive always used H&R block and never had a problem.  This is the first time Ive tried Turbo Tax and will NEVER use it again. 
Im REALLY pissed off right now folks. Quicken is holding my data hostage. I updated my account to a valid e-mail address, updated my password to use complex rules and cannot login to MY FILE on my computer.ETA - Sorry Quicken answers led me here. After trying several other support links, I did resolve using the QCLEAN uninstall procedures here http://www.quicken.com/support/using-qcleanui-uninstall-quicken Still pissed off I lost three hours after having used Quicken products since like 97. 
I've already filed 2015 returns with different vendor. 
Yes, very cute design. Extremely hard to read. Why is everyone doing tiny letters on white backgrounds. Stupid! Just Stupid! Your layout is stupid. 
I filed by paper (and got USPS Return Receipt back saying that IRS received it on time), this year I didnt get refund, instead I owe to IRS. How do I find out the status of my return?There is a link https://www.irs.gov/Refunds which allows to get return status if I expect refund, but I dont and as a result I was not able to use that web site because there is no any option to enter the amount I owe, therefore my return could not be found.How do I know whether IRS accepted my return or not? 
According to publication 970, Qualified education expenses:For purposes of tax-free scholarships and fellowship grants, these are expenses for:-Tuition and fees required to enroll at or attend an eligible educational institution; and-Course-related expenses, such as fees, books, supplies, and equipment that are required for the courses at the eligible educational institution. These items must be required of all students in your course of instruction.If and to the extent your scholarship or fellowship grant doesn't meet the requirements described earlier, it is taxable and must be included in gross income. You can use Worksheet 1-1 to figure the tax-free and taxable parts of your scholarship or fellowship grant.However, the instructions for form 1099-MISC say:Scholarship or fellowship grants that are taxable to the recipient because they are paid for teaching, research, or other services as a condition for receiving the grant are considered wages and must be reported on Form W-2. Other taxable scholarship or fellowship payments (to a degree or nondegree candidate) do not have to be reported by you to the IRS on any form. See section 117(b)-(d) and Regulations section 1.6041-3(n) for more information.I've tried to find the sections referenced and haven't had any luck. I'm generally confused because the way I'm understanding it, one IRS document says you must include these scholarships, fellowships and grant amounts in your reported income while the other document says you don't have to report any fellowship amounts that aren't considered wages for teaching, research etc. to the IRS on any form at all. So, which is the correct statement? Or am I misunderstanding this? 
Im trying to file my tan return and when it goes to processing it stops and says were sorry CRA was unable to accept your tax return. its sayinf that it was already received and gave me a conformation number but i havent filed yet ?? 
Turbo Tax deluxe 2015, desktop 
NJ has requested a resubmission of my NJ income tax return specifically Part II allocation of wage and salary income earned partly inside and outside NJ. Any ideas? 
I am a consultant that is a W2 employee with a consulting firm.  I am on a contract that will run for approximately 14 months.  My employer reimburses me for my expenses such as flight, hotel, and car rental.  This reimbursement is not listed as income for me, and therefore is not taxed.  This leads me to believe that my employer deducts this expense.  I heard from some peers that after 12 months, the tax implications may change.  Something about a job changing from a "temporary" to "indefinite" status.  Is there any validity to this?  Some consultants have said that if they simply work from home for a month, this is sufficient to "break up" the contract.  Any input would be helpful! 
How do I get a printed copy of prior tax returns? 
I efiled taxes and approved payment.  My federal taxes we drafted from my account.  But the state taxes (NC) have yet to be drafted?  Am I missing something?Daniel 
Or at very least cannot find it on my PC.  I do have pdf file 
I photograph everything on location, and do mostly weddings. My office is used 100% for this business, nothing else. 
Just because I received the first letter of review does that def mean that I will have to take further actions or is there a chance that I could still just receive my refund without having to do anything 
I lost the downloaded finished form.  Can I access them through Intuit? 
I used online turbo tax in 2015 but did not use its deductible during 2015. Charity info automatically populated into 2015 taxes from 2014 taxes 
Has anyone else had this issue?  I log into my account (the same account used to submit 2015 tax returns), but it will not allow me to view 2015 tax returns as it says I have not paid.  I've also used TurboTax for past year's tax returns and I cannot view those returns either. 
i provided consulting services to 3 small companies, i did major part of the work in their offices but i did use my study at home for some of the work.  My gross billing are 10k but one of my clients refused to pay me 500. and the expenses related to this business is 400. Can i get any deduction on any of them? can i get any benefit? 
How can I get back into what I entered for 2015 and either file electronically or print so I can mail to IRS?  It's way after deadline now. :( 
Will IRS refund the misapplied amount?  I can't afford to pay the amount due twice.  The notice said nothing about why it was misapplied (was it something I did wrong?).  I had paid online using their website so I'm not sure how a mistake could have been made.  Advice online about this form isn't very helpful, it mostly describes that this could be an internal error on the IRS's part...but that hardly seems like I should have to make the payment a second time if that's the case.  The notice itself is VERY vague as to what actually happened and how to avoid it happening again. 
how do I get a hold of someone to talk to 
My daughter does not have a SSN card yet.  It will take up to six months to obtain.  She was born in 2015 and I need to amend my taxes so I can claim her for this past year.  She has a valid U.S. passport and a CRBA certificate, but no SSN yet.  Can I amend last years taxes with her passport number or do I have to have the SSN to do so. 
so now the refund says 5000, i'm overseas and i need this money from tax year 2014 please. can you find out why its less and why its taking so long to get back as now they have my eic details that was the question they had. 
My wife switched jobs last year and because she had already made contributions to the 401(k) of the first job, she ended up over-contributing to the 401(k) of the second job.  We did our taxes at the last minute and I caught this right before filing on April 18; I immediately submitted an email request to the plan administrator to remove the excess deferral (of course, the administrator was closed).  I followed instructions on how to report this assuming I would get a 1099R, so we paid taxes on it as if included in wages for 2015, but it seems that since the request came after April 15, the administrator will not remove the excess amount.  What now?  Ive reached out to a couple CPAs, but thought Id see what the community says as well.  Thanks!  Ive seen this question and answer https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3289431 and its close, but I dont think the question asker had actually reported the excess as wages. 
The State claims they never received the 2010 filing, but IRS did! 
I have almost completed the TurboTax online return, but the form wont let me complete the return until I add W2 details. I dont have a W2 and will not be getting one as I am not an employee. How do I complete my return without one? 
My husband is a remodel contractor. We havent claimed  the use of our home for his business purpose (such as office and storage). We know we can, but wonder what are pros and cons of doing that? Thank you! 
By mistake I put my husbands 1099R under the w2 section of my taxes for the last few years and only caught it this year so I need to re do them 
I moved midyear and am filing both a PA and MA state return. My W2 entered in Turbotax shows roughly 40k in MA wages (box 16) and roughly 2k in state income withheld (box 17) which coincides nicely with the 5% state tax rate. I just finished both state returns and PA taxes due are ~100$ but MA taxes due are 2k+. I've gone back into my W2 information on turbotax and confirmed that both state tax lines are accurate. Turbotax does not seem to be acknowledging the MA state withheld. 
I claimed my son and was not suppose to. I amended my return and need to know if its been accepted. Im unsure of how to find this information out. 
filed April 17th says returns on May 7th still not here 
i guess certain people were checked because of the identity fraud and i was one of them so they never gave me my return last year? 
when I submitted my return, I put an incorrect account number so it didn't get deposited yet. How do I fix this? 
I need to retrieve my old W-2 
I have receipts from the site I used to pay online, which I was directed to through the IRS website.  Ive double checked to make sure all my info I entered in was correct.  Should I just send them the return envelope with the receipts? 
I bought a program that will take care of all requirements when I die. It cost 2,154.00. I guess you could call it a death policy. Can I claim it as a deduction? If so, how? 
when i clicked on "what else counts" it stated "A union that you are a member of". i have a union at work that i am part of. 
We need a copy of tax statements we just filed. Please send a Link to my most recent tax statement 
I think I used the EZ form.  Also, this site is telling me that it acquired $973 for me, but I only got $773 in my bank account.  And I believe this year's refund was $773ish.  Thanks. 
When I click on My Tax Timeline nothing happens 
My 2015 return was rejected, so I took it to an accountant rather than continuing to use turbotax for that year. I've tried to upgrade to print my 2014 return, but it won't complete the process until i finish and file for 2015. 
I filed my return in January but my account looks like it doesn't have any returns.  I know I filed it correctly and on this account.  I've even gotten my refund.  Don't know where to find my return now. 
I am just trying to get my tax information from 2012 so I can fix Missouri losing my tax info for that year 
Under "Personal Deductions and Credits", you have a section called "Other Income Taxes" and "Withholdings Not Already Entered on a W-2 or 1099"When I enter a certain amount for California withholding, this person's CA re.fund increased by the exact amount that was entered.  It is a 1:1 ratio.  This is the amount they paid for withholdings so they get it back in their state refund entirely 100%However, for another person, when I enter another amount, this does not change their CA refund at all.  Only their federal refund slightly increases.  It used to go up or down as a 1:1 ratio by the exact amount entered.  Why did it change?  Her income or deductibles did not change from before.  Is there a glitch in the system? 
I have childres and filed in january have not received any ponstab 
How do I find out what my refund was seized for? I was given a general answer that it was for child support or unpaid taxes. I'm single, no children, and I paid all my taxes every year. What's going on?! 
No one claimed her when filing taxes this year. 
Is this a legitimate call? I bought all the audit defense stuff this year. 
I am receiving pension payments from my 403b fund.  One of our child is specified as\nthe beneficiary of this annuity, and she will be paid for her life from this\nannuity after I pass away. 1) Should the value of this annuity be\nincluded in my estate ?. The following document states that an\nestate tax is not applicable to 403b annuity: CFR 20.2039-2 - Annuities under\nqualified plans and section 403(b) annuity contractshttps://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/20.2039-2 However, I also heard that this rule was\nrepealed and that the value of a 403b annuity is taxable unless no exemption\nrules are applicable.2) If I need to include this annuity in\nmy estate, can I calculate the value of the annuity at the time of my death by\nusing the formula    \nP * (1  S) / ( I *0.01) * Kwhere P is the yearly payment, S the\nRemainder factor, I the 7520 interest rate, and K the Monthly Payment\nAdjustment factor. S and K are the values in Tables S and K\naccessible from the page https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Actuarial-Tablesand I is the 7520 Interest at https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Section-7520-Interest-Rates \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThese\nvalues, of course, may change in the future.3) What are the best IRS documents that describe this problem? 
The letter indicates I am required to reconcile the advanced payment on my tax return using form 8962.  After completing my taxes in April using Turbotax, I emailed your company asking about this but did not receive any reply.  Now I must do this reconciliation and I think your company should help me. 
I paid for the audit when I did my 2013 taxes. I have a letter from IRS, they have some questions for my 2013 taxes. I need TurboTax help. Please call me at [remove phone and email] 
I see this complaint all over the discussion boards yet everyone seems to have failed at getting the refund. Im furious. What a racket ...Has anyone had success? If so, can you please tell me how?!? 
Can I post both my W-2 and 1099 as personal income? Or does the 1099 have to be reported as business income?Thanks! 
I picked an option and then decided that I didn't want to get it back that way. I continued with the process but I am unsure how I am officially getting it back. 
Can I get the e-mail resent? 
I cant find the answer, from all of the answers there is no where to tell me how to fix the error, w-2 amount was wrong, where should I report the excess amount after 4/15, whats the penalty? 
My return has my banking information listed correctly and we even ID verified with our DL #s.  What happened?  And what about the TT fees??? 
Said my husbands pin # was invalid? 
The "home page" for TurboTax that I am directed to acts as if I have not filed my taxes yet (such as offering the different TurboTax packages). All of my contact information is correct so it's not as if I am not logged in. 
My Quicken starter edition 2013 stopped working so I purchased 2016.  Now I cannot do my banking!  Intuit is requiring me to sign in but shows me an error message.  Please tell me how to open quicken without signing in to intuit?   I dont want to do my banking online.   This is very frustrating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my state income tax withheld was 249.60 why am i only getting 75 of it 
I do vending and am reporting net sales, (gross sales less tax), to the state. It is this figure that they calculate sales tax on. Essentially I deduct tax from the quarter, then and that is the sale price that I report of the vended item. I am not able to collect tax on top of the 25 cent vend. All other retailers are adding the tax to the price of the item. In other words, the tax money is paid in addition to the price that the item is selling for. Therefore can I deduct sales tax I pay as an expense in operating? I am losing inventory that is being used to pay sales taxes. 
I have bought business attire for attending the seminars as well.Can this expense be shown as tax deductible 
It was efiled and accepted April 8.  Now, in order to track the overdue refund, I need to SEE the 2015 form 1040.  WHERE IS IS??? 
THAT IS SELF EXPLANATORY. YOU GOOFE AND MUST PAY FOR MY ANXIETY. 
I wanted to print my return 
Turbo Tax added wages from something on line 1 wages, SCH 1568, have no idea what this is or where it came from 
I have my own account. I used it to file a return for one of my kids last year. This year, I want to use my account or email address to file a tax return for one of my other children 
I filed as independent, but my parents put me on their marketplace healthcare coverage (and thus my name was on their 1095-A). The IRS sent me a letter saying they need a completed form 8962, and a copy of form 1095-A. I did not personally receive a 1095-A, I guess I can send my parents' copy. BUT I cannot fill out a 8962, since TurboTax (incorrectly, it looks like) suggested I file a 1040-EZ, which is not possible to use to fill out form 8962 (I checked the instructions).  I'm not sure what to do - any thoughts? 
I filed my and my wife's California taxes with TurboTax. It was not until I received a notice that I owed money in May that I realized the error. On line 72 of the 540 form there is a field populated by TurboTax (I have no way of entering this data) that pulled the previous year's tax balance into this year's taxes. The end result is that I owed, but my wife overpaid. This error is significant and needs to be corrected. Now I hope California is as honest in refunding overpayment as they are demanding more money... This is an issue that has popped up on Google because others have experienced the same issue in 2013 and it still seems to be an issue. 
she owned her vehicle for 3 years prior. its used in all her personal and family situations. she has asked me to cover oil changes, fuel, insurance, her loan payments and all repairs. I never have access to the truck unless we are working. 
Can I download the tool to help determine the value of the clothing I am donating to an excel spreadsheet? As I make donations throughout the year, I can then just save a spreadsheet for each donation I make and then add them up at the end of the year. 
My husband and I got married last year.. I was unaware of his past due child support...the IRS sent a notice of offset, would I be able to file injured spouse  without amending my return? 
The focus is on deductions related to selling a rental property. 
Can I have a live person talk to me at the IRS office were taxes are being process over 21day's?Phone number please? 
Hi thereI married and changed my name last year. I'm trying to find/print my 2014 returns for a load application. It's not listed in my tax-timeline and I'm not interested in paying the IRS for the record seeing that I used Turbotax to file... Can you help? 
Need to know why my taxes were not processed.  Completed on April 3 2016. 
I filed W-7 first without the tax return. IRS refused it. 
My mother-in-law stays with us. She files her own tax return. What costs can she pay us that will not require us to pay income taxes on? I guess she cant pay rent without we paying income tax for that? 
You are looking into the "problem?" 
I never filed my 2015 tax return 
I want a refund on the fees I paid you. You lost me money and time!!!!! 
I need the 2013 its deductible records for an audit. 
Now as I begin to hit file I am being asked for 100+ for federal and $39.99 for state.  The offer when I started was pay for state and 0 for Federal, do I need a coupon code or something. 
Chose to amend a tax for when it asked if I'd like to amend last year's taxes, and I clicked yes by accident and now it won't let me file without the chosen "amend" status for the form. I don't need to amend but it wants to file it as an amended form even though no info was entered. How do I undo the filing option so I don't submit it as an amended form? 
already filed but need a copy of my return 
after I filed joint return with my husband who passed away in 2015, I received Schedule K-1 form 1041 beneficiarys share of income from his estate.  Do I need to amend 2015s 1040 ? or can I report that income in 2016s ? 
I just paid for & filed my taxes. My bank account shows that it was paid for twice @ 86.59 each!! !!  How do I cancell the 2nd payment? 
I really really need your help. my girls need this. I am out of work right now because i have Lupus & Fibromyalgia and we are barely surviving on the $115 he sends for child support. Check my history, i have always claimed her because he has made it very clear she means nothing to him. Im trying to raise 2 kids and I desperately need this money. My girls need this money. When i asked him about this he laughed and said it was worth it to hurt you. I only speak to him maybe twice a year and my daughter talks to him maybe 4 times a year. not even his bday or fathers day. He just wants to hurt me and i dont know why. now there were a few years [personal inf deleted] claimed her bc we were married and i wasnt working but its been me since 2008-2009. 
does turbotax offers a copy of my records on my 2015 state taxes? 
It showed up as a capital gain on the federal, but somehow was posted as a loss by TurboTax on the state return.  I assume there is insurance that covers mistakes by TurboTax to pay for this.  The payment required now is $279.52, which includes interest. 
When I choose to download a PDF of my return, it is only giving me my state returns 
Both my wife and I work full time and when we go to fill "Your Child and Dependent Care Credit summary", it says that my wife needs to work to claim this or be studying. I have entered an income for both of us under other income as we are working and living overseas. What is the issue and how can I fix? 
I clearly entered my 1099R amount on line 16a on my 2014 1040 return. I was unaware that I was to transfer that amount to line 16b, I thought Turbo Tax would know the amount, stupid maybe but apparently that was my thought process. I guess I understand that I do owe the taxes of $9,800 but the penalty and interest has raised that amount to $12,190. Can turbo tax help in any way to help get rid of the penalties? After all they ran the analysis before I sent my returns and they didn't raise any red flags. Will the IRS get rid of the penalty, I clearly did not do this on purpose. Any help would be appreciated, thanksMarty 
Last year, according to another accountant, the numbers entered into turbo tax were wrong so now we owe money 
How does Turbotax deal with situations like these? Will i get a refund for additional estimated payments ? WHo will represent and drive the paper work with IRS 
My return was sent to be manually processed on April 28th. MWR updated to we have received your tax return. It is being processed. We are in week 13 waiting for our tax return to be completed. I know it takes 11 weeks for injured spouse claims. But it caught me off guard a little when they said it was sent to be manually processed. When I asked what that meant, the irs said it meant exactly what it sounds like...help. 
I filled my return on 4/17. I was accepted however when I checked my refund status using the "where's my refund tool" on the irs website, 'It said still processing". Just today on 05/08/2016 i received in the mail an Identity verification 4883C notice. is this notice the same as the 5017C notice, which will allowing me to respond to the 4883C notice  using  the "identify.gov" online tool also 
This relative provided financial support but will there be any complication with my taxes later on if she claims me? 
I received a similar letter last year claiming I still owed around 400 dollars.  This year it states I owe 2000!  Has my identity been stolen? 
I need to file an amended return. Wanted to get started as soon as possible. 
My son lived with my parents starting beginof June so I filed that he lived with me for less then 6 month and they tried to claim him. My taxes went through ok but theirs said that I already claimed him? What do I do about this? 
I bought the Standard Online package thinking that i can do 8 claims over $25K. However, after 4 claims over $25k and 4 claims under $25K my activation code is no longer valid. As $25K and under claims should be free, I would be very disappointed to hear that because i am using an online version that the under $25k would be coming out of my credit. 
I have paid to use TurboTax for my 2015 return. I used TaxtAct in 2014. How can I get a free copy of my 2014 Fed Inc Tax return without paying $50 to TaxAct. 
where to i enter this info now 
I am trying to amend my return per a letter I received from the IRS. I entered into TurboTax that I got an 1095-A from MassHealth. Why isn't TurboTax generating a form 8962? 
I earned income in AZ and CO. Box 1 of my W2 shows my wages, but there is also an amount listed in box 16 form Colorado, need to know if Box 1 already includes Box 16 or are they separate. 
Will this affect our future returns when she goes away to college? 
I filed my W2 for 2015, my employer sent a OMB 1545-0008 for an award and the year in the form is 2016, when should I file it? 
How does Turbotax understand that my wife worked without a W-2... 
Just want to know where is my refund? 
I entered itemized deductions, which looks like alot more than the standard deduction but at the end of the section, it is telling me to use the standard.  The amount it is showing for itemized seems wrong to me, how can I check the calculation? 
When I log on into my tax timeline it shows in progress.  When I spoke to a representative in April I payed an additional 100.00 to amend my taxes with the program you offer.  Please advise 
Is there a way to look at history on turbotax for the last three years or all years filed 
no 
My original depositing account was hacked and so my refund cannot be sent. I filed on the 8th of February. Help!! 
Taxes were filed 3/12/2016 with a refund supposed to be on its way, however still have not gotten and IRS website shows processing.  With zero communication from Turbo Tax. 
My computer crashed and I no longer have the Turbo Tax link - How do I access the 2015 Turbo Tax without purchasing again.  I need to file another tax form 
I paid my prep fees in full on 4-17, on 5-6 my checking account was charged 29.99, why? 
I have a copy of it saved on my desktop but I can not find my tax returns I filed online 
TurboTax is calculating the section 179 deduction for an SUV over 6000 lbs at 100%.  I double checked the box for vehicle type.  I thought 50% was max for this vehicle.  Is TurboTax correct? 
IRS Pub 527, Residential Rental Property, on page 7 (of 2014 edition) lists settlement fees/costs that Must be added to the basis of the new property; and which fees/costs Cannot be added to the basis.  However, they don't say how to handle the latter category!  So do we treat "non-basis" fees and costs as deductible Expenses in the year incurred?  Or do we Amortize them over the life of the loan?  If the latter, does TurboTax do this for us each year?  Thanks much! 
I used turbotax to file my 2013 1040 and it didnt tell me that I needed to file for CA. I was not a resident of CA in 2013. Now CA is telling me that since I had CA K-1s, I need to file. 
This box line 70 reads "Amount paid with request for extension to file". Why would TurboTax allow any value to be there in it's checks if TT knows I never filed for an extension? I've received a bill for the amount that was in this box plus interest and penalties. 
Please track my returns. 
I upgraded to plus (and the option to upgrade to plus is now grayed out, so it looks like it went through), but I can't access my previous year's tax documents. What can I do? 
I spend 2 hours considering that this is free and to my surprise you are not asking for 95$ cost. Which is not fair. I felt like cheated 
Trying to get my 2014 Tax return printed out but its saying I need to pay for 2015, but I filed jointly for 2015  so now it will not let me print my previous forms. 
My tax return for 2015 does not match my other returns? Would like to talk to representative about Passive Loss, line 3b and why the difference in returns.Thanks 
My return was rejected when I filed as an independent, since I am now, however I lived with my parents for the first six months of  2015 and so they had to claim me on their tax return, which ended up making my return invalid. How do i fix this? 
I tried to efile last month and was unable to. My efile came back rejected. I have been trying to file via previous year AGI. I have not been able to receive a pin to file under. The phone number provided to receive a pin has been busy for weeks and the link to the IRS website to get a pin says my info is faulty when entered. I am becoming increasingly worried about this as time goes on that i am going to have fees for late filing because i due owe a fair amount. Any ideas? 
how to start 
I can only access my state but not my federal.  What am I doing wrong? 
MY 2015 tax return does not appear on my timeline. Your instructions are not helpful. 
Hey TurboTax, I accidentally bought the wrong years tax program. How can I get a return on my payment? Thank you! 
I need it by tomorrow 
Jai pu transfr la dclaration provinciale mais pas celle fdrale ( cause code derreur 72): jai vrifi code postal et province: tout est ok. Cest quoi le problme? 
This was for a loss due to theft.  I paid TurboTax for audit protection and believe that their software should have let me know if the deduction was not permitted.  How do I actually talk with a person at TurboTax? 
I try to download the 2014 for home, personal return. it says error try back later. help!***I am not trying to print a copy of a filed return, i am trying to actually FILE 2014. 
I filed my taxes months ago, and was wondering why I still did not receive my state return. I received my federal return within weeks. I finally look on TurboTax today, and it says that my state return is not complete. So I try to complete it, and it says that it is complete. But then I go back to the home page, and it says it is complete. So I go back and try to complete it again, but it says that it is complete. What the [removed]? 
I need help handling this, I paid extra for the audit defense and need your support. They are now saying my child is ineligible for a child deduction because I typed her name wrong. 
How should i file rents collected from a mother-in-law suite which is a registered "ADU" additional dwelling unit. I'd like to maximize returns so wasn't sure if its more advantageous to select multi-family or single-family? Its a separate entrance, kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom. 
I would like to do a CA return in addition to the GA return already completed 
I think I figured out why I couldn't file electronically, but can't access the active tax forms. I can only print-out, which will take too long. 
I wanted to print my return.  System did not allow to print unless I chose efile or file by mail.  I chose file by mail.  I found some errors and I wanted to make changes. System thinks I already file by mail.  I have filed an extention and not filed my return. How do I make changes and efile as I have already paid for efile 
TurboTax is intended to make filing easier and to help save money.  The poor labeling of the processing options detracts from your credibility and is shady.  I feel as if you and the banks are profiting from a simple misread on my part and there is no option to change it.  Perhaps you should add a second confirmation acknowledgement.  Everywhere else in this software, you attempt to confirm or reconfirm data.  Not here, though, and it reflects poorly on you. 
Quicken help 
I got some RSUs vested this year, with a few sold to pay the taxes and got a 1099B form. I had to go premium when answering the questions through Turbo tax, although this income is already included on my W2 and after answering questions in the premium part did not change anything to my income. Do I really need to use the premium version or can I just answer "no" when asking for any stock sales. 
I've filed a return for her in 2011 and 2012, but not since, and can't remember the zip code we used back then so can't seem to log in. 
Do I need to amend my federal return? Just the state return?I haven't received any notice in the mail. I just realized I haven't received my California state return and investigated.Turbotax seems to be buggy with amendments. I made that one change in the W-2 and Turbotax tells me I owe additional federal tax. That doesn't seem right. Do i need 1040x? Just 540x? How can i clear my changes in Turbo Tax and try again? 
I sent my documents from my country to Canada 1 month ago. I didn't get any letter from you. Please Could you check it for me? 
It still says it is invalid or expired.  Any suggestions? 
I did not put in an entry, this was calculated by Turbo tax and now I have a letter from the IRS to pay the difference. How did this happen, do I have any recourse from Turbotax? 
I have long term capital gains and short term capital gains. My income is subject to AMT. i am noticing that the LT gains are being taxed at 25.5% Is there something wrong with Turbotax? 
I have filled my Tax returns on Feb 1 week, but still I didnt get my returns. 
I paid the fees for State Program and followed it through. Refund was reduced $2773 by state because of wrong advice by TT. 
I filed jointly and now they are attaching our return for a student loan. Can we ad end our return and file separate? 
My case has been escalated twice with the market place and i have not heard back yet after more than 60 days, Turbo tax requires this number and the call center for the market place doesnt know where else to find it. 
I am a student and I filed my taxes this year already for the year 2015 as a student and dependent. However my taxes were filed in March 2016 but I got married Jan 2016 and I filed as single. Since I was single in 2015 but married in 2016, should I call and make amends with IRS on this? My spouse lives abroad and I have applied for him, will it not cause me problems if my tax return showed me as single? I do not want this to be a problem when the time comes. Please advise what should I do. 
I tried to file my state taxes through TurboTax.  A refund amount shows up, but it says incomplete.  When I return to continue, it keeps sending me back to the original screen congratulating me for finishing my federal return. 
Hi. I did my taxes through another means and no longer want to continue with Turbo Tax. Please refund the amount i paid for filing my state tax. 
I am trying to mail my taxes but it does not let me select the option file by mail when trying to change the payment method it does not give the option of pay by check 
My moms 2014 tax refund was applied to her 2015 tax installments. She doesnt want this. How do I change it so she gets her refund paid? 
I have lived in China for over 8 years now. I do not visit the states at all but am a USA citizen. I receive some mail at an address in the USA and my bank account statements to a friend's address in USA. When I file, I use my Chinese address as the tax home address. I'm not sure if I need to file state taxes as I don't live in a state. 
I have been working overseas for over a year now and I am considered as a resident here. Am I still considered as a US resident at the same time? 
I'm trying to use the freedom version but can't seem to find it 
I just want to know what i have to mail into the city; just payment and my 1040A? 
I completed it mid-February 2016. How can I obtain a copy that includes the date and signature (without just printing a copy and signing/dating)? Thanks. 
\n\nI purchase 2014 tax software by mistake and I had to subsequently\npurchase 2015 I spoke with a customer service rep and they told it may take\n3-4 weeks for me to get my money back thats crazy I wont my money ASAP \n\n 
It is not within the the 172 page return of mine.    It was not filed with the IRS per TurboTax policy.    Did TurboTax save it anywhere? 
I'm trying to pull up the Injured Spouse form, and trying to find the FEDERAL TAX TAB, What page do I find that on.. 
how do I find them 
I recieved email saying my account was acsessed 3 days ago. I dont think I did but would help if I new if any changes where done or not 
IRS states they paid out mu refund, my bank says they don't have it?  I verified the last 4 of my routing and acct#.  Is there a way to verify the entire # not just the last 4? 
My SSN is [removed] 
How can I view my tax return> 
Please contact me asap so that I can hopefully get this resolved. Thank you. 
I filed my federal tax return in February. I had no idea that I had to go find the tiny button on the top of the page that said "State Return" in order to individually file my state tax return. Every time I pressed "Continue", it was just tell me that I successfully completed my tax return. It is now May, and my state tax return deadline was April. I received NO notification whatsoever from TurboTax that my state return was incomplete this whole time! I only knew about it because I went back into my account to check on the statue of my state return. So now I am going to have to pay a fine and interest. Thanks a lot, TurboTax. This will be the last time I'm using such an unreliable service. 
My Indiana state tax return was accepted and it was direct deduction from my checking account. What should I do? 
I have filed as married filing separately for a few years now. My spouse and I are following a separation agreement which we arrived at through mediation. We are not legally divorced yet. As part of the separation agreement, I have been paying Alimony already for 6+ years. TurboTax let me do it so I assumed it was legal. I am now applying for a home mortgage and underwriting is requesting the a reference to the tax code that indicates that this practice is legal. Can you help? 
It did not hit my account this morning.  Any reason why I haven't received my refund? 
I sent in my forms to have my taxes amended April 16th. I was just curious if they have been received. 
New York State is still pursuing a $2300 tax liability on our 2012 return.I did receive an initial response which I communicated back to NYS.  They are still demanding payment of their perceived tax shortfall.  I need more help on this as NYS is making time limit demands on a payment of $2300 plus.  Please reach out for me at our home [remove] or my cell [remove].  Thank-you. 
The IRS says it take 3-4 weeks to obtain a copy which seems ridiculous! 
I SET UP A PAYMENT PLAN ALREADY IT SHOWS IT WAS ACCEPTED ON TURBO TAX IT SHOWS THAT A 150.00 WAS GOING TO BE DEDUCTED ON 04-18 AND THAT NEVER HAPPENED. 
It is telling my I have two different accounts.  I am not aware of why that is the case.  I am not able to find either of my returns.  Please assist. 
I no longer have access to my computer with the software. 
I log in to Turbo Tax.Check 'sign in'.Immediately sign in is skipped and I am referred to personal date 
Whatever  is  missing  is  something  related  to  the  way  Turbotax  processed my  tax  return . Please  review 
I changed my email address due to the old address being hacked, but I can not change to the new address in the turbotax program 
I should be getting a 1099 at the end of the year for what is technically considered contracted work/labor.  I will be earning roughly $3400 for the project. I need help estimating how much to pay to federal and state (Ohio) taxes. I've heard that it's roughly 20% and 5% each. But, I want to try to get close to the actual amount. I also always receive a refund.  So, do I have to pay the taxes in full or is it only if I expect to actually owe? I typically get about $900 back for Federal and about $300 back for state.  So, if the amount I need to pay is roughly those amounts, would I need to still pay the taxes and then likely just get a larger refund? Or is it ok to not pay the full amount that would have been taken out if it were a regular job and get a smaller refund? 
How do I access these previous year returns? 
How to sell the building after claiming the full depreciation  for 39 years even though the land value is 0 zero and what basis to sell the land and how to tax it  ? 
I've read a lot. My status bar disappeared now it just says "being processed, will provide date when available." So, should I try to contact anybody at the IRS now? Should I wait? From what I've read online, b/c the status bar disappeared it doesn't necessarily mean I'm being "reviewed" it is a simple code that means they didn't meet the deadline. I don't want to panic but could use the money, any advice? 
my 2015 income did not change from 2014 
??? Help! 
Need to speak with a representative 
We got married in August 2015.  She became a Canadian permanent resident in January 2016. 
I possibly need to amend it. I tried following all the instructions provided to get prior year tax returns and the instructions don't make sense and/or the options it lists aren't actually available. 
How can I access my 2014 tax return to print? 
How long should I wait? or Is there any problem on my filing? 
I am a single dad with 3 kids.  I recently changed my W4 tax exemption to 3 to reflect my three kids.  I thought this was reduce my tax withholding, but it actually increased it.  Know we're supposed to get as close to zero in terms of tax return/refund.  What should I be claiming as exemptions?  Also, my income is $225K. 
everytime I put in my password someone else's name comes up 
I am applying for an apartment complex and they want a copy of my 2013 return.  I have not worked in 2014 or 2015....and do not need to file at this moment.  What do I need to do to get 2013 return printed as my application for housing is due TOMORROW.  Thanks for your help 
Yes, this State of La return was done 1/14/16, it is now 4 mos. later, please advise me if my State return ever sent to St of La. 
After interview for form 1116, notes say that if I convert , turbotax cannot be used. 
I need help from turbo tax about form 8962,1095-A why did the irs request this 
how long do I have to file amendment? 
I would like to make paymentsure on my taxes and can't figure out how to 
Then you claimed full amount of BUILDING and the value of building is zero 0 so will you give the building for free or on what basis will you value the building  ? 
This is a new business. 
I filed my taxes, they were accepted quickly and were deposited. My issue is, I was told they were deposited into a bank account. I don't own a single bank account. Where's my return? 
i would like to know how to continue, and view my return so far. thank you 
What is the maximum AGI for senior credit? 
I filed my tax return last February 16, 2016. Up to now ( 5/8/16) I have not received anything. I am suppose to get a $ 1198 refund 
I want to call YOU. What is your number. I am at work and can't receive calls. 
I was responsible for 1/2 of the 50K LOC, my partner was responsible for the other.  I had to take out a personal loan from another back to pay my $25K portion of the LOC.  From review my records, it doesn't appear that our LLC took this as a write off. 
We did not plan on me losing my job a week after I told my boss about the pregnancy. In order to have a good jumpstart financially for a home or bigger vehicle, we're willing to postpone the wedding if it would give us bigger returns to file separately (we'd each claim 1 child). 
I understand an ammeded return is not used when you file for a loan.  Is it true they will only use the one you filed first? 
What happens if you did not purchase health insurance? 
Someone has filed with my info and they should not have. Her name is Scarlet don't know anything else 
Does my husband and myself put down the same information? We both work and make around 80,000 together. We have two daughters. Should I put two (so he can claim one kid and he can claim myself), and I claim one kid and I claim myself? That would make it two each. Right now, I have 3 allowances down on mine and his. My sister told me to put three down for my W-4 and 3 down on his W-4, but wouldnt that make 6 total allowances? 
The home we sold to our son and his wife was not our main home, it was an investment property we purchased and remodeled.  With our gift of equity our son/wife were able to avoid bringing any cash to the closing - for down payment and closing costs, etc.  We received a 1099-S from the lender for $187,000.  Will the $13K be subject to capital gains tax on our tax return, or does the gift of equity in any way add to our cost basis in the property sold? 
Do I need to keep original receipts for the total period that I own the house or will spread sheets with detail work ? 
How do I get this money back from Illinois? 
Missouri accepted my turbo tax return promptly at the end of March.Still no refund. 
I finished and filed 2015 returns prior to the deadline.Now I want to go back and look at/print our separate and joint returns (files are stored locally) to do some comparisons but TurboTax, after asking for the password (and yes, I have the correct password) then churns for a bit then just dies and closes without a trace.The tax files are intact from the filing date but the program did do an update prior to being able to select the tax file to open.How can I access my tax files and move on? 
I called the State Office and they informed me they had never received it? 
Examples: loan origination fee, inspection fee, appraisal fee.  I dont recall TurboTax asking me the duration of my mortgage (15 years), so I dont know how TTax could depreciate some fees over 15 years, instead of 27.5 years.  (Note: some CPAs advise the appraisal fee should be added to the homes basis and depreciated over 27.5 years.)   Thanks for any guidance on this! 
My refund is showing a status on where's my refund, as processing.  It has been that way for over 3 weeks.  It has been since acceptance date March 23, 2016.  It is direct deposit.  I can not get through to IRS by telephone.  What should I do? 
Im i being audited whats goin on 
My legal business name is Bercy LLC and I have two different  d/b/a for different services that I provide in my business. 
IRS sent a letter 4883C requesting the information 
I hold a property with my ex as joint tenants. He paid me for my share and Im quitclaiming it to him.  Escrow says to declare it as a gift but Id be liable for gift taxes, I think. 
I have checked the website and tracked my return several times and I was supposed to get my return by the 8th of this month. There isn't anything wrong with my account numbers so I'm confused as to what's taking so long. Please fix this 
Where do I input my 1098 for my home? 
All my relevant w2 information was included when I was doing the federal return on turbo tax. I for some unknown reason could not make an e-file when friends of mine could. I am also having difficulty with my NY state return. 
I have my Pin Number how can I open up my Il tax return and enter my Pin so my Ill tax will go through 
Is it too late to correct last years problem? 
this should  be on page 2 of the return 
where do i find a copy of my 2015 federal return on this site? I wanted to see if i was exempt from federal income taxes last year. 
I purchased a building for 55 million and depreciated it for 27.5 years and the depreciation amount for the building is zero after the 27.5 years I want to sell the building now for what amount I need to sell  the building for ? 
In 2015 I sold my longtime rental house. It was never qualified property and I only claimed standard depreciation based on the 27.5 year depreciation schedule. IRS Pub 946, p. 55 says There is NO RECAPTURE for residential rental and nonresidential real property unless that property is qualified property for which you claimed a special depreciation allowance. But what Ive read online and in the TT AnswerXchange makes me wonder if my read of Pub 946 is right, or if I do need to pay 25% on the depreciation recapture amount, and lower capital gains rate on any remaining gain after subtracting the amount previously claimed as depreciation. Thanks! 
it seems to only let me file once i have filed this year's taxes but i already have filed this year and only want access to previous tax returns 
Thanks 
When I call I always get the recording and it doesn't give me the option to speak to a CS Rep. 
I had e-filed 2014 tax but had to submit an amendment. My filing status is Head of Household but in form 1040X I had not provided spouse details as it mentioned provide details only if filing jointly. Received the form back with missing information that all dependents details are not in 1040X form. I was planning to submit the form back adding spouse details. Can I update the same form or I need to send a separate form signed. Please advice 
I am trying to apply for mortgage preapproval, but this is a big problem 
I read in Form 8863 Instructions and on line 7 of form 8863 that  someone under 24 cannot take the refundable American Opportunity credit. 
If you file married filing separately, can you and your spouse withhold $2500 each through a dependent care plan at work? 
i filed my taxes in 2015 on time for my 2014 taxes.they were accepted.  i had just moved into my new home. At some point they must have sent me a 5071c that i didnt see. I filed my 2015 taxes on time and got a 5071c that i called and verified. so even though they accepted my taxes last year it never got processed. how do i resend the same return? 
As of June 1 I will move to Washington, which has no state income tax.  How do I do my state taxes for next year, since I will live in California for 5 months and Washington for 7 months? do I file in both, or only in the state that I live the majority of the year? 
Do we have to have the software to do this comparison? 
I havent received my return or anything to even acknowledge theyve received my amended return. I used the Wheres my Amended Return? tool over the phone and online multiple times, however it says my information does not match their records/they have not received a return for that social security number. I have tried everything to get a hold of the IRS, but have only got into contact with automated systems. How do I figure out if they received it/where my return is? 
My 22 year old adult child lives with us part of the year, we provide her car and expenses and insurance, a home to accommodate her, money for school, and agreed to pay all the expenses in 2015 for her wedding in 2016 in return for the exemption.  My ex-wife has already claimed her for 2015, so our return rejected.Do we need my daughter to sign something? That we would use and file by mail?Theres no point in talking to the ex-wife to amend. 
My daughter participates in Georgias Move On When Ready program. It is a dual enrollment program whereby the state pays for college courses that count for both high school and college credit, including books. The only fees the college can charge is a $75 administration fee and fees that are not required for all students, such as parking or individual course fees. My only expense was $75 for parking since the school provided a scholarship for the $75 admin fee. They sent me a 1098-T, which I entered into my tax return. TurboTax did its thing and, after answering the questions, I ended up with the Lifetime Learning Credit of $2000. While this makes me happy, Im not sure its legitimate since I didnt actually pay for her school myself. She was at least half-time in 2015. Her 1098-T lists tuition expenses as $1500 and a $75 scholarship. Can I accept this credit? 
I believe I would need to file Calf. taxes separate.  Will I have to pay the fee of 29.99. Please advise. 
My wife and I moved to Panama City, Panama last year. My wife works for a law firm and I am self employed. I'm closing a business transaction next week that will earn us $500K in commission. How much of this income can we exclude as foreign earned income (Married filing jointly) and do I have to pay a 15% self employment tax on the $500K? Thank You 
But i found a Schedule A worksheet. 
I need to download my w-2 and the entire tax returns. Does not turbo tax store them?Why am I not seeing them ?Please advice. 
No changes were made by me. Letter says they changed to correct my account information. Why? And doesn't turbo tax say they cover this if something is wrong? 
He filed our taxes every year using Turbo Tax, and now I need to know how to complete them, he passed in March 2016. Not sure what product type he used. 
I filed and recied a $947 refund. I now find out Vanguard processed my annual non-traditional IRA contrabution as a roll-over so I lost my $6500 deduction. After correcting, my amended return now shows  a due amount of $965. Do I return the $947 I was refunded PLUS pay the $965? OR do I just send in a check for the $965? Thanks 
Example $134,000 paid in foreign tax for 2014,  $112,000 disallowed. 
How to delete my account? 
2013 and 2014 I was married - i need copies of my Taxes. When i pull up the user name  from this year my other tax documentation is not listed for pdf or print.How do i retrieve these documents now? 
I went all the way through the process of stating to deposit the refund to my bank acct and printed out the return and I sign in today and it says Im still in process of completing my return? Whats up? 
I need to go back and check my estimate numbers to see where Turbo Tax got a total number. How can I get back in to see my data? It's not on the PDF I downloaded. 
I don't have my notes with me, but I want to see my description for some of the itemized expenses from my taxes. How can I see them now? 
changes in Federal refund $1435-> $0, State $791--> $0 (I paid the state tax on April) How can I get $791 back? 
It mentions something about upgrading to Plus, but there is no option for it. I do not appreciate the idea of paying MORE money just to view the services that I already paid for. 
Each time I go to turbo tax to fix my taxes, my sisters tax information appears. What can I do to get to my taxes? 
I need to report income to Financial Aid. They have my 2015 info, but not my 2014. Need an exact number for my forms. 
Can someone call me!!!!! 
Every time I follow the directions to upgrade to PLUS they prompt me to go to Taxes and click on the large 'take me to my return button.' However, whenever I try to do this it doesn't seem to show up, any suggestions? 
he is on a limited income. 
well I need some info if my social security number has been used on turbo tax . and filed 
I receive a monthly pension check but I was asked what did I do with the distribution. Did I enter the information correctly? 
Need to know most efficient ways to do this.  I do not have 03 and 03 tax files, just PDF's with worksheets.  If this is a huge issue, i might not do it.  Thank you in advance for cookbook suggestions. 
When I filed my 2015 taxes, I did not enter any information for when I refinanced my home. (Also in 2015.) I have a Settlement Statement (Form HUD-1A ) from my lender, but don't know how to go about amending my return.  Thanks for any assistance! 
I completed a return for Joel xxxxxxx through my email address xxxxxxxxxxx and now I cannot find it.  How do I get it back? 
The notice wants me to verify 2014 return when I never even filed that year. I am so nervous I tried to verify online like the notice said. But I failed it:( any suggestions? 
I cant remember what I owe or when its going to be charged 
the numbers from last year are not much different and I owed $100, now it has me getting $2800 back on the desktop deluxe and $600 online. 
I have an online retail business that sells children and baby products 
I purchased TurboTax Deluxe and filed my taxes for 2015.  Then I lost my hard drive on the computer I used to do my taxes. 
I withdrew $33,000 from my retirement account to use as a down payment on a house.  It was my second house purchase so I'm not eligible for "first time buyer" credit. With all of the penalties, I owe over $6000.   What options do I have to repay the tax? 
I already read this:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Limited-Liability-Company-Taxes/INF12029.htmlBut it says:"Here's the rub: The law isn't clear on how inactive an LLC member has to be to qualify for this special rule. The IRS tried to clear things up a few years ago by proposing rules that would require self-employment tax to be paid on profits distributed to any member who is personally liable for the LLC's debts, participates in the business for more than 500 hours annually, or has authority to sign contracts on behalf of the company.And even if none of those characteristics applied, the proposed rules would require you to pay the tax if you're a member of an LLC in health, law, accounting, engineering, architecture or consulting. Although the rules haven't been made final, the IRS has said it wont challenge anyone who follows them on this issue."I would like to know how the multi-member inactive-partner rule applies to computer software business.Please let me know, thank you/ 
I will be using a Microsoft product going forward.  Got rid of my Apple laptop. 
So far I have submitted a federal tax extension that was accepted. 
I need to know the tax liability for year 2013 on taxable income of $12,163. 
Can Turbo Tax charge me the same way they've been charging me all the years I've use Turbo Tax by taking their fees from the return coming back to us? 
The post office had me down as deceased did my refund come back to you. I have talked to the post office and now they have lifted that status and I am receiving my mail again can you send me my card with  sixty dollars on it? 
Intuit shut down our account because we weren't selling face to face for firearms related merchandise.  We manufacture so we rarely deal face to face.  So why doesn't Intuit support 100% legal transactions? 
Turbotax calculated everything and my tax due as $15K so I sent in a check for that amount to the IRS.  The IRS calculated everything the same but came up with me owing another $12K.  What's this? 
Question pretty much explains it. They screwed up by about $6,000 owed, including not including either of my college dependents on my taxes.Anyway to easily amend this using the information  on my 2015 TurboTax 1040? 
My taxes were filed without entering 1095-A information that would have caused a $2,000 subsidy repayment. Should I include a check to the IRS along with the forms that Turbotax says to submit after receiving a Form 8962 letter? Thanks. 
Do you have to sign the back of an amended tax return that you've received in the mail? When they adjust the changes what notice do they send you in the mail? 
I want to know if Turbo Tax has all the info still so I don't have to reenter everything and do all the calculations myself. 
She lived in IL, moved to MO. I want to efile but it won't let me. 
I have been using turbotax to get my taxes done for the last 10 years. I have always been satisfied, but Ive come to what I consider a major issue. I received a 1095-A form.We purchased our policy through the health insurance marketplace(healthcare.gov), but our policy was cancelled partway through the year because of late payment. (totally my fault, I admit that. I misunderstood the grace period terms.) We had coverage from January until July, with a total Premium tax credit amount totaling 1456.00.When I got to the the turbotax healthcare topic section, I was presented with the question : Did you all have health insurance coverage in 2015?The three possible answers are:1.) We all had health insurance coverage all year2.) None of us had it at any point3.) Ill pick who had it, and which monthsI filed my taxes with option 3, because my wife and I were covered,  but my daughter was not covered. I was never asked for form 1095-A.I just got a letter from the IRS stating that I need to provide a form 8962, and the form 1095-A. I went back and selected the first option (which is incorrect) and it asked me for the form 1095-A. Now, it turns out that i have to pay back ALL of the tax credit i got. Any refund i was expecting is now gone, plus I will still owe another 750ish bucks. Who screwed up, how do i fix this, and what should I be doing to remedy this? 
Why am I receiving this letter from Virginia Dept of Taxation that I still owe them? Isn't it supposed to be all finalized when I do TurboTax tax return with your 100% accurate taxed guarantee??! 
\n\nI have several short sales to report on Schedule D.  The TurboTax FAQ says:  Sometimes the [securities] Date\nAcquired is later than the Date Sold. Thats fine; as long as the holding\nperiod is one year or less, it qualifies as a short sale.  What if the holding period for my short sale\nis more than a year?\n\n 
Does a US citizen owe taxes on income earned in American Samoa? 
I want my money back and i am filing a complaint 
I do think that it should be delivered by China post, and I called them, they said I need a 13 digital No. to track. Is there someone who might know where I can find that Number? Only got my Chinese name in Pinyin,  no phone number, don't know how they will find me...Thanks in advance!!!! Really appreciated it. 
I have tried this several times to no avail.  Is this perhaps because of where I bank or where I live? 
I entered my routing number but for some reason it would not take the last digit in your programed box. can you please  make sure that the routing number that gets submitted is correct? or does your box do this on purpose to steal peoples refund?It was your box that would only take 
I have moved back to South Africa, so to try and get a hold of turbotax is near impossible. I filed for my tax back and mailed all my forms to them in February and I still have not received my tax money back? 
My company is paying 100% for my MBA.  When I received the 1098-T, box 2 is ~$29K and box 5 is ~$33.5K.  The difference is due to nonqualifying tuition.  The entire amount, however, was sent directly to the school from my company, and does not appear on my W2.  Do I need to pay taxes on the difference of ~$4.5K if my company paid it directly to the school and not to me?Thanks 
can i transfer or change the card is was deposited to after it is recieved 
Wondering if the back of the check they send you is supposed to say sign or if you go ahead and sign it. Because I've received a check in the mail . 
I followed the instructions on the website but it is not listing any of my previous years tax returns. 
Hello i would like to know what happened with my Idaho state return. I didnt recieve the 277 that i was supposed to recieved. I oly recieve the Federal return. Hope you can help me thank you so much.! 
Filed my taxes over a month ago. I'm filling out my FAFSA and need a copy. Well, go figure, TurboTax is trying to make me DO my 2015 taxes, even though they were obviously completed. I've already followed the basic message boards on where these copies SHOULD be, but they're not on there for me. I desperately need assistance on this. 
I filed back in 2011 for 2010 tax year and never received my refund. Seeing as the TurboTax goes through a different financial institution other than the IRS, I wanted to see if there was a way of relocating these funds. 
The resident alien(spouse) is unemployed, unable to find work in the US.What information would be required by either the non-US citizen or the spouse to prove to the IRS that this amount was a gift? 
I need help FAST!! 
I do I change the direct deposit information 
I thought that if I paid for this year's fees, I would be able to print out last year's return information. However, I actually have to upgrade to PLUS to do this. I would like my money back if at all possible. 
I just read about a problem with deductions on the Vermont returns.  How do I find out if I need to file an amended return? 
NEED A COPY OF MY TAXES THAT I FILED THIS YEAR. 
I filed on Feb 24th and was approved the same day. After 21 days I called because my refund was still processing. I was then told by a IRS rep that theres nothing wrong but she doesnt understand why I havent been approved yet. I called again to see if another rep would say something different. I was right. This rep told me that I should have received a letter (which never happened) and I would need to wait another 6-8 weeks from March 7 (I dont know why she said this date) and if I still havent received any changes to contact again. So I waited until May 9th to call, couldnt get a soul on the line. After hours of trying I finally gave up. I called back first thing this morning, May 10th and got a rep after waiting 40mins. He put me on hold for a few minutes then told me that he doesnt understand why my taxes are being held either but since it was past the date he would send a referral. Sounded good until he told me it could take up to another 12 weeks!! At that point I was done. I voiced my frustration (my apologies to him) at how bad this process was and hung up. Its not worth the stress anymore waiting and calling for information that no one seems to know. I just had to let it be known how my process has gone thus far. Crazy! 
Is there any limitation for claiming a depreciation on buildings 
Reading up on this I am seeing confusing answers. I've read where there is no limit on a true cash out refinanced mortgage loan interest deductibility and where there is a limit of $100,000 for joint filers. There seems to be some a difference as to whether it's called a home equity loan or a cash out loan. Our house value is $350K..we owe only $9000 on the mortgage, and were thinking about taking out a cash out mortgage for $250K for the purposes of paying off one car loan and having a nice amount of cash at hand in case of emergencies, health care, education for grandkids, etc. We're at 810, excellent credit. 
How does it works out? 
"Help" told me to go to the Federal Taxes tab but I can not find that either. 
But what is the tax for $6000 on what basis it is get taxed? 
I entered an estimated tax payment of $1807 in line 65. I received a letter from the IRS saying they adjusted this figure to what they received, so I owe them $392.96.  They only show receipt of 2 payments of $448 each.  They do not show my first payment of $911.14.  How do I fix this? 
I've reset my password, but my default email had changed when I clicked 'Help me log in' 
How can you find out who claimed your child? 
I have just amended my choice to e-file. My tax refund status appears Rejected. The error code is IND-515 . But When I checked Wheres My Refund? in IRS web page, It shows the status of my refund is Refund Approved.Which information is correct? 
I need to speak with a representative- you are holding my funds- it has been two months with no check or deposit 
I paid for my turbo tax last year, however I did not file with turbo this year.  Can I still print my pdf 1040 form, without having to pay for this year?  I just need this document.thanks, 
Its unclear how much was taken out by Turbo tax too, and what I should ACTUALLY expect 
if i cash out my retirement my income for 2016 would be about $750K, with income averaging can i bring my tax liability down? 
i chose to do a payment plan, but now want to pay my account in full 
\\ 
do you have to pay for an amend return 
Federal tracking :   Your tax has been sent to my bank on April 20. I reqested debit card direct deposit. I realized that fir some reason , I have entered the wrong account number and routing number when I filed. What should Indo now? 
While going through the interview in TurboTax (Windows CD) for\nthe bona fide residence test I ran into this issue, see screenshot attached. Turbotax\nis forcing me to have a minimum of 1 day on business for trips under my bona\nfide residence test, which in my case is not true. I would like to enter 0,\nwhich is not allowed, see screenshot; in 2015 I travelled to the US for\nvacation, but not a single day for business. Have the rules changed? Is this a bug\nin TurboTax? Please advice. 
I'm being audited for 8962 form and need to correct 1040x form to amend. Support Id 418771230 
My grandfather paid into Swiss Social-Security (AHV) for many years with after-tax money. He is living in the United States currently, and we are wondering if he needs to pay US Federal Tax on that Swiss pension that he is collecting now. It would seem that he would pay tax on it twice if he did.I found the US-Swiss tax treaty, and it seems unclear as he is living in the Other State from where the pension is coming from. According to Articles 18&19 of the treaty. Found here: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-trty/swiss.pdfAny help would be welcome on the subject. Thanks in advance! 
I have my 2015 taxes but need to print 2014? 
I filed my 2015 taxes on free file.  I need to access my prior year's return.  I followed the directions exactly as to how to upgrade and pay; including going to the print center.  Every time I do this, it takes me directly back to my home page instead of prompting for a payment as the directions said it would.  I need to access these returns immediately, so any help would be appreciated. 
On or about 2.28/16,I filed my MI state and federal returns with Turbo-Tax,I was turned down by both MI and Federal IRS,because of an error.I was charged by Turbo-Tax $19.99 for the filing of my MI State return.I corrected my error.and Later that day I re-filed both my MI state and federal forms with Turbo-Tax.Again I was charged $19.99  by Turbo-Tax for filing my MI state return.I believe I was overcharged in the amount of$19.99 for the filing of my MI state return.I would expect to receive this overcharge back in to my credit card used in this transaction.Thanks for your attention in this matterJoseph J MarceauPS I tried to resolve this matter during Tax season,but such a busy time for all at Turbo0Tax,I was put on hold and lost the connections s a few times.I did receive on e-mail from a rep at Turbo-Tax claiming that I should have that overcharge back.Please contact me via e-mail if at all possible on this matter.( personal information removed) 
Haven't received my refunds yet.it's been 4 wks. I s there a way I can be informed about what's going and what steps do I take to get my refunds asap? 
I have received $100,000 tax free money.  I want to put it into my IRA.  But, there is a strong likelihood I will withdraw $50,000 of that in a few months.  At the end of the year, when I get a 1099 for the withdrawals, will I be taxed on that $50,000 or will it somehow be offset by the fact I made the contribution? 
I went to the State website to followup on my Colorado State refund but status is always the same,  says "in process".... 
is the IRS just slow, or do I need to mail a check and voucher? 
I personally contributed all my HSA for 2015 via my employer payroll but my employer did not contribute any amount.  My W-2 shows in box 12 the amount I contributed (type W).  However, the type W designation does not explicitly distinguish between personal and employer contributions.  The Turbotax software defaults the contributions to employer-contributed and there seems to be no way to zero out the employer contribution and add it back as personal-contributed.  There is an area to add the amount of personal contribution but when I enter my amount the contribution is doubled.  Is there a way to get around this problem?  Thanks! 
I need help choosing the percent to withhold from my AZ income A4 sheet. 
My mom and dad bought a car for me as a gift. They live in Puerto Rico and flew to the US to buy the car for me. He paid $10,000 cash and then I paid about $18,000 with a personal check and then they reimbursed me the money with a check from their business (that they own). I received a letter that form 8300 was sent to the IRS for the $10,000 cash. Is there anything special I have to do when filling out my taxes? 
Also I got a notice from the IRS that changes to my 2014 from 1040A Thank you for your helpJohn 
I would like you to show an itemized list in the taxes owed display on the left side of the Turbo Tax window.  Mine showed that I owed $46,647.00.  I sold my holdings to raise this amount.  After I submitted my taxes, the tax form showed that I actually owed $13,679.00.Maybe an expert user would have known to deduct what was shown on his various deductions and deduce how much remains to be paid.  However I am not an expert.  In my opinion you should show the deductions already made and the taxes that remains to be paid.  Instead of showing the total amount of taxes owed.  Remember not all Turbo Tax users are tax specialists. 
how can i find it on turbo tax 
If I cash out my pension my income for 2016 would be about $750K. 20% will be take for federal Tax, 10% for maryland. What tax bracket would i actually fall into? 
We paid 59.95 to itemize and you decided to use 1040EZ.  Were the deductions used for the refund.  If you did not itemize they the EZ is free and I expect to get a refund.  If they were used, I would like to be able to copy the entire return but now all I can get is the 1040EZ page 
its for 2014 and I have fixed my birthday with the SSA. 
I would like to close down my  roth IRA and realize close to $19k loss. I know my exact numbers but do not have the tax returns to prove. Will IRS have the record to verify my claim? Also can I request IRS to send my tax info from 1999 or is it too late? I have one tax return of $5k conversion.  One year conversion was allowed to be spread over 4 yrs at that time.  I lost all my money playing with options. 
I was insured all but 2 months, but did not fill out the form properly, how do I amend this information. 
WORK IN NC LIVE IN VA,WHERE DO I GET THE D400 FORM 
IRS asked for additional documents showing what was withheld. I mailed them my 1099's with info but nothing different than what I used on my return.  Something is wrong here. 
The state,SCDOR, has notified me and has adjusted my return.  Have not heard from the federal. The error is 2015 est pymts.  I made none. 
your system is down 
Is my password to a new cra online account in m y tax return. How do I get a new password for cra accopunt? 
Our daughter did not qualify to retain the mortgage on her home after a divorce. We (her parents) assumed the mortgage in our names. The daughter pays for any necessary repairs or improvements as needed, and writes a check each month to us to make the mortgage payment (which includes home insurance and property taxes) which is in our name. How is this reported for tax purposes. 
I put in the incorrect wire number on my direct deposit and thus did not get my wire. How do i track m refund check? 
dont remember total of refund 
Received a letter from the IRS stating that I owe taxes on $8100 SS benefits for 2014.I also received a letter from SS stating that I owe them $8400 in benefits received for 2014. Total amount received in SSI benefits was $12,280. 
I received a corrected W2 from my company, and I am aware of the fact that I have to amend my tax return. Im currently going through the TurboTax amending process and am on the W2 info screen. However, I am not sure as to whether I have to edit the existing w2 (which is the wrong one that I initially filed with), or add a new entry for the corrected one. I have already filed my taxes and received my return based on the wrong w2. Any information would be helpful. 
I own TT Home and Business and need to complete a multi owner LLC Partnership for one of my customers.  Is there any way I can avoid purchasing an entirely new product, i.e., TT Business? 
I never received my refund .When can I receive my refund? 
I changed postal address last year and probably didn't register new address with CPP. 
I already have filed my 2015 return, but wanted to upgrade to Plus and attempted too. I still can't access my 2014 return and Plus is grayed out as an upgrade option. 
UTMA remains untouched in its original investment vehicle and was not required for college tuition. 
my refund took too long to be approved, so they made me pay out of my personal account, but when I ended up receiving my refund the fees had been taken from that also 
We filed my significant others tax information on 4/26 via paper filing (for 2014 year taxes) and are waiting on a tax return transcript to provide to our lender. Its become an issue, so I was hoping someone might have gone through this process who can give us an idea of how long it actually takes. When I e-file, it usually takes less than the 21 days the IRS gives me, but Ive never paper filed. 
Need copy of 2015 returned faxed o an officer at Bank of America 
I am wanting to know if there is anything that is hindering my return being sent but I can not reach any one to speak to. Is there any other number I can try? 
The numbers I entered happen to be those I use for pension dispersement, and have been working for years....again...something's not right ($20 x how many taxpayers? Someone's making out) 
I filed separately thinking it was best. that way I paid on one return and got what i thought would be a larger return on the other. when i finished i realized that was wrong. however i had already paid on one return. How do i get back the money i paid? 
I have a question on the 2014 return the IRS are saying that I fail to include my income from my job 
Wouldn't Turbo tax notify me?  Never received paperwork or call till now. 
I received a letter from the IRS stating that I needed to file form 8962 before I could receive my refund.  I went online to TurboTax and chose to amend my original return and went from receiving a refund to a refund of 0.  I don't understand how to complete the requested form on the IRS site, and thought it would be easier via TurboTax.  In addition, I received a message from Turbo Tax that after answering the questions about health care coverage, my return did not change, but the refund amount did change.  I don't know what went wrong, or how to proceed.  Thanks! Carolyn 
Would it be even worth filing an amendment to our return for the $8500 spent on business purchases?  Income is the same, but the amount spent is greater than what we thought.  Thanks! 
I didn't put any banking Info in on your site and it says on the Irs website it was sent out April 29 via direct deposit to my bank however it said on your website I will be getting back a visa gift card ? 
No 
I have looked at and tried to follow the instructions for the questions "how to upgrade" but I did not have "Print Center" as a selection option under "Account" 
do I need to resend the amended form 
It's 2015 document 
After I had approved the filing of my returns (federal and California) showing $3.00 due U.S. and zero to California some questions were asked me about our interest income.  I answered these and then the returns were filed and now have been accepted by both taxing authorities showing multiple entries of the same interest income items, resulting in great increase in taxes and other charges which have now shown up on my credit card account.  I had agreed to the payment of the $3.00 additional tax and the related Visa charge but never the huge additional amounts which were the result of what I believe to be your error in not recognizing these multiple entries of interest income.  Do I file amended returns?  Do I have a way of correcting the unauthorized credit card charges?  Help.  Philip Wilcox 
I had a large refund, I checked the option to pay for the turbo tax services via "pull from the return".  This ends up with Santa Barbara Tax Group holding the money.  They decided to put it on fraud review due to the amount.  It doesn't say in the agreement what the rules are for putting money on hold.  They then require you to go online and send them a copy of your license or passport.  They then take another 7 business days to process the return. If you don't know this or don't contact them they take their money and send the rest back to the IRS.  Then the IRS sends you a paper check in maybe 12 weeks.  If you doubt me in this, just call and ask them about when they can stop sending you your return.  Mine was stopped for the reason it was a lot of money.  Nothing else, I verified who I was and still am waiting.  So, if you are smart, don't use this service and if you do be prepared to be disappointed and wait.  Oh by the way, their customer service supervisor did say that they were delayed internally due to the quantity of items they are reviewing, this means they are not staffed to handle tax season.  Don't use them. 
am trying to fill out the 2013 1040x form...how do I calculate the tax on line 6? 
It indicates that it was accepted on turbo tax, it has been almost 90 days, and when we track it, it says "Our records do not indicate a refund was due that matches the criteria you entered." We are kind of at a loss as to what to do. 
I filed electronically over 11 weeks ago and havent heard anything. Just wondering if anyone has any feed back or has received their refund and what their wait time was. 
I had previously asked for assistance ( ref # 417904971 ) and was advised to wait till my current tax return was processed and my refund received before attempting to amend. ( This has recently occurred )  -----  I noticed when putting away my paperwork that I had missed the adjustment for the 2015 Louisiana tax return for Elementary Secondary School Tuition code 17E or $ 5,000 as it was on my previous years return.     Upon further comparison I discovered that for the 2014 return I had neglected to indicate that my wifes retirement income did not have code 02E with her retirement date.  ( which I did include correctly on the 2015 return ) 
I have not received my refund. How do I take it off line 18. 
It said the review should be complete by 5/26 and I would receive a letter or my refund after this date.  Why dose it take so long to review my account? 
I need to be able to view my 2015 return online but when I log in the website seems to think I need to file a new return. 
I received my Wisconsin return, however, my return was $549 but my return shows that I should have received $919.  I have not received a letter or notice from Wisconsin stating I owed any other taxes or fees.  Can somebody help me answer this question 
I need to retrieve a tax form I did online, but I used the same email address for two returns, mine and my mom's.  The file online will only retireve the most recent form.  How can I access the earlier return for my mom? 
When do installment agreement (Form 9465) payments occur when setup as ACH bank payment?  I did my taxes almost a month ago and entered my checking account number and routing number on form 9465 but have yet to see any payment deducted from my account.  I am concerned something is wrong and I will get penalized. 
I accidentally purchased the Turbotax 2013 platform earlier in the month. It is of no use to me. Since I will not be using it, can I return it for refund? I know thats sort of a tough thing to do since its a digital download. 
need copies of my w-2's 
box 1 gross distribution $6,500box 2 taxable amount    $6,500box 2b                                 (x)box 7                                     2ira/sep/simple                      (x) 
I HAVE TO REMOVE THE FORM8863 IN MY AMENDED, SO IF I DIDNT RECEIVED THE REFUND YET,WHY THE LINE 22 IS EMPTY? I CANT PUT  BY MYSELF THE AMOUNT REFUND TO ME 
I just need my 2006 taxes so I can sell my house; there is information from the return that I need. 
Need my two ID's combined so I get the credit for paying for TT 2015. 
Please help A.S.A.P. 
Never mind. I figured it out. And now I cant delete my question. 
I filed on 3/18 but still have not seen the return deposited into my account. I used their online site to look up where my return is and they can't find it... 
I am running TurboTax business on a Mac thus using Parallels to launch Windows 
I can not find it online 
I called the IRS and if I didn't have a PIN #, then I just put down 2014 estimated gross income. I thought I completed everything. 
I have tried and tried to get my email verified  please help!!! 
It been a month and still. In prosses 
I also have an online account that I used to complete my parents tax returns.  Everytime I sign in I go to the online version instead of the downloads for my computer.  Please help! 
I used [personal info removed]. 
I have a card now that they can put my money on in my name can you guys tell me what I need to do 
i believe you have my money in your controlled bank account under my name.  please contact me about where my tax return is. 
Ive called my bank, and the IRS I'm being told to now contact TurboTax to locate my return that says It was sent March 7, but I never received in 2 months later. What do I need to do to get my return? 
We file married, joint. We run a business. We want to be able to divide the SE Tax between us to give us each some credit towards future social security benefits. My CPA says we can file one Schedule C because we are in CA, a community property state.  What is the best way to handle this? The program says if we both own the business, we need to do two Sch Cs and divide it all up.  Please help. 
can i get my tax return papers please ? 
Under IRS Notice 2014-7 income from a Medicaid waiver program Im enrolled in is non-taxable. Tax is still withheld, however, and income is reported on a W-2. I negate this income by entering a negative amount as Other Income on my 1040. This lowers my income enough to qualify me for the Earned Income Credit, and TurboTax calculates it. But since my only earned income is from the Medicaid waiver, I dont have any taxable earned income and dont qualify for the EIC. How can I get TurboTax to handle this properly? 
I filed everything with TurboTax a few months ago and I still haven't gotten my Federal tax return. Yet TurboTax is telling me to pay for the services. And TurboTax isn't doing anything to help me with the processes of receiving my return. does that make any sense ? I don't want to pay for a service that didn't work. 
I followed the directions, but only 2014 is available... 
I looked under my timeline it is not there 
Looking at my year by year, my refund fell by 3000 usd this year. Can you please review my case and see if i did anything wrong? 
I am in the process of closing on a mortgage and the underwriter tells me I need an independent verification that my business exists for my self employed income to be factored into the debt to income ratio.  I have provided tax returns including schedule C for the previous 2 years but they are requesting a letter from a CPA stating the business is active. Is this something TurboTax can provide as part of my premium subscription? 
Receive IRS notice. I applied a 2014 estimated tax accidently to my 2015 tax payments. The form reduced that amount that was applied to the 2016 estimated taxes. IRS form shows amount due is $0.00 and the amount  applied to 2016 was reduced by the mistake!!  The IRS form says We changed your 2015 form 1040 to match our records of your estimated payments.... I  Corrected the mistake by removing the payment in TurboTax amended return. Now TurboTax  1040X says I owe the amount of the mistake even though that amount was NOT credited to my IRS account. According to the IRS I owe nothing as they corrected my 1040. How do I correct the 1040X in TurboTax to show $0 due as the IRS does???  I need to file the 1040X to send a schedule that was omitted by an investment place, the schedule will not increase or decrease my taxes as it was a small non deductible loss. 
I don't remember if which one I selected how to receive my state taxes. How can i find out 
Hi, I enrolled in a monthly payment for my federal balance. I had to mail a my first payment. Will my remaining payments be automatically deducted from my account? 
I just need the return documents for an audit. 
Is there a way to save on taxes if I'm selling my current house and buying a new one in the same year? My biggest concern here is with how I'm planning to buy the new house. I have quite a bit of RSU stocks that have vested more than a year ago that I'm trying to sell to cover the downpayment of the new house. (I've read the taxes on these can be up to 20%) But from what I've read, gains I made from appreciation of the stocks + any gains that I have from sale of old house are all counted as incomes, and I'm worried that I will end up with huge tax bill at the end of the year. Is this just not a good idea?? Also as a bonus question, is there a special tax break I can get from sale of the RSU stocks if I use capital gains from it as points or downpayment of the new house? 
I filed my returns on 02/10/16Received a letter fromnirs to send.my  form 8812.Faces it on 03/17/16 Was told it will take 6-8 week to get my refundsBut Notting yet.Any idea what.might the problems 
What do i do,how do i make sure i put the right routing number? who do i call because i still have not received in in my account but the IRS.gov says it was sent to my account on May 4th 2016? 
It took the IRS longer than expected to refund me and you guys insisted that I pay you guys the $72.00 then instead of waiting. Now that my refund has been deposited you guys took another $72.00. 
How does one get past this field? 
I 
For 2015 I had income both in MA, NY and NJ. My wife had income solely in MA. We are MA resident. Just checked my MA and NY tax return and got confused.Let me use a simplified example to roughly demonstrate my situation. Assume my wife has 90K MA income. Assume I have 10K MA, 10K NJ and 70K NY income. I will roughly include the deductions. Our MA tax is about 160K*5.85% ~ 9K.\nOur NY tax is calculated as:\n\nLine 37 New York taxable income =  160K\nLine 38 New York State tax on line 37 amount = 160K*6.45% = 10K\nLine 45 Income Percentage =  70/180 = 38%\nLine 46 allocated New York State Tax =  10K * 38% = 4K\n\nThe NJ tax is more or less the same as NY, except for that the income percentage calculation excludes the NY income, i.e. 10K/11K ~ 9%. And the NJ tax is about  300 (10K * 3%)It seems that my NY income is taxed in both MA and NY, and my NJ income is taxed in both MA and NJ.I followed step-by-step in turbotax. Did I make some mistake? Should my wife and I file federal return jointly, but state returns separately? Ive mailed all the state tax returns. If so, how should I fix it? Thanks 
I m single retiree and the only income I have is my social security check. I m forced to sell my house because I cant afford the paying the mortgage on the  house, The lender refuse to give me reduce rate on the mortgage. The house will sell for substantial amount. My gain is well above the gain exclusion (say I paid 600k for my house in 2005 and now it will sell for 1.3M) I know my exclusion is 250K plus expenses and renovation etc. But still I have some gain. How much federal and state tax I should expect to pay on the extra gain after the exclusion? I m 15% tax bracket and live in CA. 
A few years back I rolled over a company 401K to Fidelity. The company sent a letter stating they overpaid and I should pay back a certain amount. Fidelity suggested to sell funds from the Rollover IRA which they sent to me and I sent the company a certified check. The IRS sees the IRA withdrawal as early withdrawal and wants to tax it accordingly. I'd like to find out how I can prove to the IRS that this was a return payment for an overpayment. Unfortunately I don't have the company letter anymore...Any suggestions greatly appreciated. 
Would like to have a tel.# for supports 
I filed my taxes first, then my parents filed theirs. I got a return, but my parents did not because they claimed me as there dependent and i did not on mine. How do i change it? Thanks 
My old account email was [removed] 
There doesn't seem to be a specific line item for subcontractors, so I want to make sure I put it in the correct place. 
I need a CPA letter verifying my Schedule C self employment income 
how do I change my tax service back to the basic service? 
Note that for my amendment, I have no new W2 forms to be reported. 
My original 2014 CA tax return has bar code on Form 540 (side 3) and Schedule CA (540) (side 2) but these bar code are not printed on the amended tax return I just completed. Please advise. 
I need to print my 2015 tax info 
than my husband....should it have been only one PIN for both of us? 
I'm a legal guardian of my teenage brother who will be attending a private school in another state. I know normally private school tuition is not tax deductible but as a F-1 visa student, he has no choice of attending a public school. Hence, can I deduct his education expenses? 
I would like to get a phone number to talk to a live person 
I filed an extension one day and paid on the 13th April. Then went back 1 day later on the 14th and paid the amount I still owed per the Turbo Tax forms. This included an $194 fee paid for under estimated taxes I guess. Why did I get the CP25 which shows that I owe $0. 
Could you please advise me what to do next? Thank you. If I paper file what do I include? 
2 people used xxxxxxxxxxxx@hotmail.com for the 2015 tax return & can not locate Michael xxx taxes 
I thought this was normal until I talked to someone who received his entire amount in his 2015 return. Did I do something wrong? 
This week, I have been trying to track it since it is getting close to 12 weeks and it says that it is not in the system. I know that I am putting in all the correct information since I have been doing it without a problem for a couple of months now. I am not sure why and couldnt get ahold of anyone at the IRS. I am obviously nervous and not sure what it means or what I need to do. Any insight into what may be going on would be of great help. Thank you so much for your time! 
I've submitted twice and had rejections twice 
Can I file my business taxes on to my personal taxes if I'm the sole proprietor of my business. 
I'm using Turbo Tax Deluxe.  When prompted I entered my credit card information for filing my State Income Tax Return electronically.  My credit card was charged for electronic filing.  However when I instructed the program when prompted to file the state return electronically, Turbo Tax responded that it was unable to file electronically because the return included Form M15 and that I could only file by mail.  How do I get a refund of the your charge for electronic filing? 
i filed my taxes already and the IRS says that my return was deposited on may 4th  im assuming it was to my premier prepaid visa account through turbo tax , but i no longer have the physical card so how would i recieve a replacement card or have my return deposited to a different card that i do have or maybe sent as a check via the postal mail service 
I don't want to fill out my 2015 taxes just to access my older tax files. 
Just a bit nervous as my identity was stolen last year and don't need another scam. 
I received a letter that states supporting documents were not included- W-2, Form 1040 and schedule C.  All were completed and filed with my return. 
I just need these printed off today and there is no way to get it done from my screen. Can someone help my just pay to upgrade so I can print my last years return?!! PLEASE!! 
error with foreign address 
I have lived in the same place for  years, always file my taxes, my return isn't that big. Confused why they are doing this, plus asking for all the extra information. 
I was just curious if anyone had spoken to an IRS agent after the 21 days with no refund? Also did you get any additional information? Currently I'm on day 24. It didn't say to contact them, but it still says "a refund date will be given when available." I was wondering if it would actually help to call? 
I am freelance Massage Therapist in Lausanne Switzerland. I've been living abroad since 2008.I don't understand why I'm not being asked to report my self-employed income. Though I made less than $100,800 in 2015 I thought that I was still required to report my earnings, expenses etc... 
2015 does not show under my tax timeline 
Tampa 
I need to print my tax return 
I just need Turbotax to let me print the forms without adding the SSN/ITIN from my wife so that I can mail the forms together with the W-7? 
Apparently, $135.00 was deducted from my return.  I didn't think the fees were that much? 
None of these so called irs tax line numbers give any info on ijs claims 
How can I verify if my routing and account number is correct? My banking information is the same as last year. 
I need 2013 and 2014 returns printed but it wont allow me to since I did not upgrade. I will upgrade now but it wants me to do that when I file my 2015. I already did my taxes somewhere else this year.  How can I get my older tax docs now? 
There are no $ changes. A information form was not included with original submission.  Therefore there are no 1040X amount changes (all 0) so dont actually get into 1040X just add form to 0 effect 1040X. 
download file 
Can I do that through Turbo Tax? The IRS sent me a form. 
I guess I never had an account to log in here until today, but I've been using Turbo Tax for over 10 years and I'm desperate for a copy of my 2011 (fiscal year) return. Is there any hope? 
I'm trying to get the previous tax returns but I'm not finding them under the Timeline. 
I went to the help info and followed the instructions twice and I still dont see the information added to the 1040 on line 46. I also dont see the form 8962 to print out. I have a feeling that something is not working with what we need. Can you please tell me a little bit more on how to get it? Thanks 
Will this change my tax bracket? If I qualify for income based programs will this change based on my gambling winnings? 
\n\nI do not believe that they will issue a W2 or anything else that show\nmy annual wage/retainer fees at the end of the year.   \n\n 
Not much changed. 
My refund will go to Turbo tax they take their fee then send the refund out. The IRS took 7 days to process and send the refund. Not it is going to be longer for turbo tax to take their fee and send out the rest then it did for IRS to process and send it? 
the letter includes a routing and account number 
please tell me what I have to pay to do this, much appreciated as I need this for a court date I have. 
re: California sch ca(540NR) line 24 & Wisconsin form 1NPR income allocation worksheet line18.  Possible bug/improvement potentialCA follows the federal Military Family Tax Relief Act for distant overnight travel expenses of reservists (refer to pg 5 of form 540NR instructions (2013)).  Why does TurboTax Deluxe remove the expense for state tax purposes on line 24 of Sch CA(540NR) and put it back in as a misc exp on line 41 (so an override on line 24 is required)?  This raises the total CA income that is used by other states for tax credits.The WI form in Turbotax also requires an override when the expense is not offsetting WI-sourced income (I verified the necessity to do so via a call to the WI Dept of Revenue). 
In December 2005 I bought my home for $273,000.  When I sold the home in 2015, the sale price was $200,000.  After paying off the loan and the realty, my net was about $4,000.  How are the proceeds treated? 
We are a Trust that has to pay in multi states for 2016 and report on Form W-2.  We have Turbo Tax Home and Business 2015. 1.   Assuming we get the 2016 program can we generate multi-state W-2s for one employer.2.  Ho many W-2s can be generated in TT each year?3.  Can we download payroll information from QuickBooks into TT?  4.  Can we have multiple downloads of data for different employees? 
I am selling a property that has been used as a rental property for the last 3 years.  It was purchased in 2008 and has been used as a rental since 1/18/2012.  The original purchase price was 135,700.  The sales price of the house is 159,000.  The mortgage payoff is 125,000.  There is approx 9,000 in closing costs.  Can anyone provide assistance in how to calculate the estimated tax implications for both capital gains as well as recapturing of depreciation. 
I don't see it in the download of all my taxes. 
Was my electronic payment sent from turbo tax to the state of Idaho. 
I've been using TT since 2003 - this is extremely disappointing. Is there a workaround rather than being ripped-off?? 
I don't need to amend or anything I just cannot find saved version.  Also your website makes me change my password every time even though I know what I am putting in is correct which is frustrating 
TurboTax used the direct pay bank account number from last year, even though I changed it this year. 
I need my customer identification number 
I asked for monthly payments to the IRS, and sent my first check on Apr 14th when I filed. I haven't heard from them, and I don't want to be late. 
I filed my taxes with you on March 22nd, 2016 and when I log in, there is no history of my filing and the system has me starting a new return. I haven't received my state refund and am getting worried that it did not file. How do I resolve this? 
I have already filed in April,2016. I just found this gambling winnings form in my suitcase. Do I call the IRS, or what? 
According to the email I last accessed this account on 1/27/13. I filed my taxes on Turbo Tax this year. Is this an old account someone has hacked? 
I need this as soon as possible in order to send the information to the student loan department! 
My Host said to save on taxes we should take a salary and also take a distribution. I am 66, will that make any difference at my age? 
My accepted date and expected dates used to show on ur calendar, now show invalid date nan. And nan on all the days on the calendar. ? Why is that? 
Anyone know of a accountant or company that does this? havent found anyone :( 
I can't remember when my payment is due 
I disposed of a rental property this year and unfortunately incurred a terminal loss. The online version of TurboTax Premier does not automatically zero-out the UCC and record on line 9948. Per Chapter 3 of Guide T4036,  In the year you dispose of your rental property, you can subtract this terminal loss from your rental income and, if the loss is more than your rental income, you can create a rental loss. Enter your terminal loss on line 9948, Terminal loss, of Form T776. Can someone please help? 
did not make copy of 2013 taxstatement 
had more than 10k in forgion account ttax said i must report it but in trying toit says only need to report if over 50k so which is iti have been told i have to add the interest and also any tax paidthe download i can go to forms and put in sked B but online version i cant get to sked B to put it inI put it as 1099 int added int in box 1 and tax paid in box 6 and it still will not take me to sked bis there a min amount of interest and or forgin tax paid i need to put in to take me to sked B or if there a forms view in the online version to get to sked B?thank you 
My 2015 return included an installment agreement request, and I made the first installment during the time of filing.  I havent heard anything from the IRS since the filing.  What about subsequent payments?  Should I wait until I hear from them or do something pro-actively? 
I am in urgent need of my last two years W2s. Will turbo tax have it? I filed both years with turbo tax 
I had to pay 290.00 extra for ins pre plus 2 mos penalty.  I plan on having the same income in 2016 and don't want to have to pay extra at the end of 2016.  I am trying to decide whether or not to take penalty and found info on healthcare.gov about basics.  BUT one thing they said was if you have any coverage in 2016 your penalty will be the premiums regardless of whether or not u use the coverage?  Does anyone have all the stats or know where I can find them for 2016? 
I got a mail from IRS saying that I may be liable for self-employment tax. This is from 1099-MISC income $40,200 which I got from commission refund of buying house which is a one time thing. How do I explain that I am not liable for self-employment tax. 
How long does it usually takes to receive the Turbo tax cards 
I filed my taxes on the 18th of April & I still haven't received them yet. I opted for direct deposit. Every time I check the IRS website, it says "processing" & the little bar went away too! As with the Turbo Tax track my refund tool; everytime I check it on there it says my expected refund date is between the 20th of April & the 11th of May...which is today btw. So where are my taxes? Haven't seen anything in my account yet, getting worried. I know a few people that filed theirs around the same time I did & they have their refunds already. & no I don't own anything. 
I have been trying to get through to the IRS every day since March, without any luck. The wait time is to long, and the call is disconnected. Please help me figure out where my tax refund went?Thank you! 
Without filling out my 2015 taxes online 
What could be the problem and why haven't I heard from anyone since it's been so long? 
I'm getting ready to report TurboTax as a scam. It was able to pull in my 2014 return info when I was filing my 2015 return this year, but since January I've been getting a 404 error when trying to download my 2014 return for my records because I don't want to use your overpriced scammy product anymore. This is a serious issue with you service and I find it impossible to believe that there are legitimate technical reasons for letting it continue on so long. 
which turbo tax software do I use to calculate for 2016 taxes to be paid quarterly 
DETAILS_LONG 
Hi.  I currently live outside of the U.S. in Chile.  I am considered self-employed as an independent contractor through a company in South Korea, but I know I normally still pay federal taxes in the U.S.  I was told I need to fill in Schedule C 1040 and 1098E.  How do I get help with that from Turbo Tax.  Also, when filling out my info, how do I know the companys EIN if they are international? 
My parents went ahead and claimed me as dependent. Now thats going to cost me an extra 2k that I in no way can afford, nor should have to pay. I am 22 years old, and I live in their house. I pay rent (way more than I should for a very small bedroom), have not added at all to their grocery bill, take cold showers, and my rent more than pays for any electricity that I use. I am NOT a full time student, or a student at all for two years now. My parents do not let me even use the washer and dryer. I very much so would like to claim myself as independent. I am over 19. Not a student, and if they pay for anything for me it is less than 5%, which I doubt cause I pay about $400 in rent every month. Is there anything I can do about this? My taxes are getting rejected because I try to claim myself. I tried to talk to my parents about it and they will not hear it. They said it was my problem. Theyre costing me an extra 2k because of this, there has to be something I can do to fight it. 
I have gambling winnings from Louisiana and live in Texas.  I want to file the Louisiana return now and wait to file the federal until later.  I filed an extension on the federal, but not on the state. 
I have the data from the old computer, but need to re-download TT2013 on my new computer, as well as purchase TT2014 and 2015, plus Quicken. 
can you call me to walk me through downloading this? 
I'd prefer to not send my W-2's...can you provide NY stat with their requested info? 
I need it for CASPA purposes. 
I cashed in an investment fund to purchase some property.  I had to report the capital gain on the investment that I cashed in.  Can I claim the reinvestment in the property as an offset?  If so, where or how? 
Should I be refunded? 
I have the .TAX2014 file but no way to load or print it without installing TT 2014 again.  I have TT going back for over 25 years but I am missing the 2014 program 
how to I get the website to un-glitch? 
I have student loans and can't find where to enter my student loan interest. 
I need to know what exactly to print and where to send it to 
I was deployed to Afghanistan in 2012, and filed from there. I paid to file with them during that year and now I need to upgrade to access documents that are rightfully mine so I can settle an audit?  This seems bogus and greedy.  I don't seem to have any other way to access that return! 
My wife's business income dropped substantially when we moved to NJ. The vast majority of it should not be taxed by NJ, but I have no idea how to declare that... 
I need the gross adjusted income amount for a dependent on my 1040a for 2015 
why so much to file 
I have made quite a bit less money so far this year 2016 compared to 2015 at this same time.   Can I adjust my June estimated taxes? The rest of the year isn't looking too good either.  I most likely will be making about $15,000-$20,000 less than 2015. 
I have an income from a Trust fund in CA and understand that will be dealt with differently later on, even though it is a rental. 
I have to continue changing my password to get in. Could you tell me what my username is? I can't find it in my account. 
I paid for Turbotax home and business from \nAmazon.com before April 15, to help a friend file his return. The return was ready to file, but I am asked to pay for the program each time I try to submit it. How can I proceed with the filing? (Fortunately he had a NOL, and I filed an extension, but we still need to file. Help!) 
I had to use this money to save my home. Is there some what to get around this? I was charged 20% tax for the withdrawal and now an additional 10%!? HELP! 
Do i refile? 
I file online for online return I used turbo tax? 
Social security railroad retirement :  Shown on return !1,044  irs corrected $8,387line 27 $17,874  its  $25217Tax line 28  $2228   its  3330Total Tax line 39    $2228   its  $3,330Only have two sources of income.  AF retirement $28529 and Social Security $20,086 
I have a very small electrical contracting buisness....i dont do enough buisness to keep the company running so i will occassionally deposit peronal monies into my buisness acct, Do these deposits count as buisness income? 
I know that the custodial parent gets the head of household and the EIC.  Im just trying to get Turbotax to show the child as a dependent and reflect the Child Tax Credit.  Will it not reflect it online?  Will it have to be manually adjusted when they process it?  I can find no questions where I can say that I have a 8332 to override and give me the dependency for my child. 
Im using accrual method, so i last month rent is counted as Unearned Rent liability, but TurboTax business is constantly screaming thatAdvance rent is income when you receive it andAccording to tax law, unearned income such as rent received in advance is taxable in the year its receivedSo that made me double guess myself, is it only in cases of Cash Method? Or in my Accrual Method as well? 
I can't find my2015 year tax return and return is wrong 
It has been over 2 months and it says it is accepted. 
Next year's tax return:  I have my three kids living with me full time but starting this year, I will have my girlfriend's daughter with and her.  My gf collects social security and will not be filing a return.  Last year's income was $21k and I got the full refund available with EIC. How will this work?  Can I claim my 3 as a full time parent and 1 as head of household.  Am I able to claim my gf as well under head of household? 
How do I reload my 2014 state tax programs I lost when my hard drive crashed? 
I filed tax returns along with w7 and submitted in local IRS office on six weeks before. I couldnt able to track my ITIN status online.its saying information not found.same case with its help line number as well. What should i do. please suggest 
I need the original electronic MI return to be mailed to irs ASAP 
Does 403b contribution increase MAGI over AGI by amount of contribution? 
The website says I should have access to this return since I paid for the Deluxe upgrade. When I click the instructions for how to upgrade (not that I need to), none of the links are provided to me to even do the upgrade. I need these documents IMMEDIATELY. Yesterday I was alerted of a 24 hour system outage, but still no luck in retrieving what I need. 
The ESOP was from a job I had almost 20 years ago. I left the job after I was fully vested and when the company was sold I received a partial distribution which I rolled over into another retirement account. The company then declared bankruptcy and I lost track of the remaining funds. I just found them in California's unclaimed property fund and I claimed them. I know it will affect my tax situation next year, but I also know that there is usually a 10% penalty on ESOP funds withdrawn early but I can't seem to get any confirmation on whether this still applies to these funds or if the penalty was somehow paid when the company went bankrupt. 
MAY I FILE FOR TAX YEAR 2002? 
Can I get a refund? 
i checked the irs website they said they made a direct deposit to my bank account in may 4th, but they didnt , and when i filled my tax i choose the visa card option, where is my tax return??? 
Before this my refund was $3327, and now it shows a balance due of $1500 something. Do I still get the remaining sum? 
that replaced my expected delivery date..what does that mean? 
Just need the link to download the mac version of turbo tax 2014 
for whatever reason I am unable to get my return on a NetSpend card.  everytime I select that option I'm denied. the only other option that is available is direct deposit but I don't have an active bank account. how do I make it to where I just receive a printed check in the mail like in the past 
I did my taxes on time but I only received my federal tax not my state tax I'm not sure what to do about this 
I received my federal refund through e filing and direct deposits about 2 weeks after filing and this is the 4th week since i filed and still no sign of my state return 
1/13 - Taxes accepted by IRS2/8   -  IRS sent letter req ID Verification due to recent move (new address)2/13 - Successfully completed ID Verification over the phone with IRS Rep and was told refund would be received 45 days (9 weeks) from this day.4/14 - Contacted IRS to advise that refund had still not been received. IRS Rep said refund should have been sent out, but was never sent. Rep sent refund inquiry to refund release dept and advised me I would receive contact within 30days from the this day.5/10 - Still have not received refund, still have not heard ANYTHING from IRS. Website still shows being processed. Contacted local Tax Advocate regarding delayed refund causing hardship.5/11 - Tax Advocate responded via phone and advised she contacted the IRS. Is now requesting copy of W2 and last paystub from employer.Why hasn't the IRS ever mentioned to me at any time during all of my contact with them about the need for a copy of my W2 and a pay stub? For almost 5 months now, they have been sitting on my refund and it took me to reach out to a Tax Advocate about the delay for them to now tell me to fax my W2 and a paystub. Why? I could have sent that stuff to them months ago! What are laws regarding that? Does the IRS have a certain amount of time to request info before releasing a refund? 
As of May 4th it had been 21 days since the IRS had received my Tax File. I am just wondering why I dont have my refund yet. 
I amended my 2015 return and it states my documents will be generated but i cannot locate them. Help! 
Turbo Tax says that our Federal and State returns have been rejected but the Department of the Treasury has already deducted the Federal amount from our credit card. What 
I have this return ready, consist os federal and 2 states NY & CT. I can't not file it. Any sugestions 
How can I print my 1040 without paying. 
I have audit defense, received letter from IRS for years, 2013 and 2014, how do  I contact audit defense? 
I had two charges pop up from Turbo Tax, multiple weeks after receiving my return 
I actually clicked on amend return, but did not finalize, after I noticed that TT was not allowing me to go back and edit my original return. I tried to do what DominGA suggested (& thx for the post!), but it now directs me to the amended return I had started. Am I now forever boxed out of editing my error on the original return and then printing and filing? 
we send back payment for for the amendment 
How do I separate what I earned in California from what I earned in Guam? 
Filed with GA and they state they do not have a record of the submission that was conducted on Mar 2015. TurboTax says it was accepted per the website. Is there something I am missing besides not being a Florida resident anymore? 
{Exactly} which individuals are Eligible to start a Corporation? 
post it 
I know where to get it, but I get an "Oops" Page when I try to access my return. 
I printed out my amended return and mailed it to the IRS about 2 months ago and still the IRS site says they have no record of it, even though they sent me a letter telling me I forgot to sign my amended return. ( I signed it and mailed it two months ago) and I still have yet to hear anything about it !! WHAT DO I DO NEXT? I haven't been able to speak with anyone from the IRS at all !! PLEASE HELP ME :( 
PLEASE FIX THIS FLAW.  I AM UNABLE TO COMPLETE MY RETURN WITH THIS EXISTING ERROR. 
what do I need to be on his return to show that the interest he is paying is reported under my SS on the 1098 form. 
Need to file Georgia 500NOL form 
My federal return is a refund and three weeks is tomorrow and no sign of the refund in my account. 
My wife and I each had one W-2 and the amounts entered are correct.  We received a letter from the IRS saying we should not have entered any and now we owe. 
HOW DO I GET A COPY OF MY 2008 AND 2009 TAX RETURN? 
Before it would send electronically and I did not realize that did not happen this time until now. 
we contributed cash to the businesstreat this and i do not know how to 
I am claiming small business expenses. I traded in my vehicle for another one during 2015. How do I add in that 2nd (new) auto? Also, how do I find the UCC value from 2014? 
I need my AGI for my student loan repayment plan. 
How do I file a schedule S using instead of schedule A using turbo tax? 
After filing our return we found out we do not need injured spouse. Am i able to have this removed by amending our return? 
said that the SSA had told them that one of us had died, so that we still do not have our refund, IRS estimating 6 to 8 weeks from March? 
How do I access  my file? 
turbo tax didn't file my tax return correctly.  How can I make sure this mistake is taken care of? 
I want to download the software 
I still havent received my federal refund. When I checked with IRS 2 months back, they informed me that my return has been selected for review. Im not able to talk to them after that. The call is always going to automated system saying Your tax return is still being processed.. Is there anything which I can do about it. How can I get to know the actual status of my return and why it is still being held? 
I work for a non profit.  At times we don't have enough money to cover my travel expenses and I pay for them on my own (I'm committed to what we do).  Can I deduct these costs on my taxes? 
Both state and its taxes have not been deducted from my account. I don't know who to contact to follow up on both. 
Please answer. Was my return filed? 
Dans la rubrique ANNEXE D,  la section Crdit dimpt pour solidarit et Locataire ou sous-locataire. La question est :\nSi vous ou votre conjoint avez reu un relev 31 pour une habitation admissible dans laquelle vous viviez au 31 dcembre 2015, slectionnez la personne qui a reu le relev (cochez toutes les cases qui sappliquent  votre situation). Si vous et votre conjoint avez reu le relev tous les deux, il ne faut lentrer quune fois. Le choix de rponse et VOUS ou VOTRE CONJOINT, mais je nai pas de conjoint, cest un sous-locataire et cest lui qui a le relev 31.\n 
Both are education. 
I didn't use turbo tax this year 
Filed in February,got state back but it's still saying "processing" on Federal Return...why is it taking so long on federal 
IF you don't cancel this, we get to go to court! 
I filed my taxes 2 weeks ago! I opted for the NetSpend card and still havent received it and my money! Apparently my taxes were applied to the card but I don't have the card yet to activate it and because of that, the money was sent back to you all. Now, I get an email saying my money is on hold. I have been waiting for this money and it's ridiculous that I haven't gotten it yet! I want my 34.99 back! You already took 54.99 for the program which I'm ok with that but you scammed us all on the 34.99. I barely got 275.00 and you all took 100 from me. All I'm getting is a measley 185.00. I want my money off hold! And I need it here today! This is ridiculous. Ive been going through you all for years and I've never had so many problems and have never been so angry. I need this money for groceries and gas for my car. How hard is it for me to get my  RIDICULOUS! Believe it or not, I worked hard for this money and to have you all take it from me and not send me what little I get back ... is ridiculous. 
The home was seized and sold for unpaid taxes, but there was an overbid, and the overbid funds were returned to me (after the court got involved).  The amount is less than $30,000. Does this money need to be reported as income and taxed? 
i need to download it 
I am looking for the specific answer to My taxes, not the general answer what is a carryover.  Please help 
Do i need to send the state form at the end too? 
THIS WEBSITE [profanity removed]. 
I have not received my refund. Were my taxes submitted? I completed them on April17, 2016 
I dont have our refund return for 2015. State or Federal 
We filed her return to claim the refund. She had paid taxes on her income. Her total income (Wages+scholarships) are less than 6300. Since we forgot to add the taxable scholarships to the return, Should we amend the return now ? 
We are no together and we both. Supported them equally why should he get the tax credit for them and my my owned property 
I WANT TO REVEIW TAX RETURNS I FILED USING TURBO TAX IN PREVIOUS YEARS INCLUDING 2015 (FILED BY MAIL APRIL 3, 2016) 
Im about to accept a job as a nanny. They are going to pay me $2,000/month and leave it up to me on whether I claim it or not, which means they wont be providing a W-2 or anything. How do I go about claiming this income? How do I know how much to set aside for when I do taxes? Will they get in trouble if I file? 
I need to see a copy of the 2014 tax form that we filed 
I am filling out my fafsa. I need this years information from my taxes. Can I view 2015 taxes? 
What documentation should I dig out to send to the IRS to verify this? 
I moved to the Netherlands in May 2013. I work for the United Nations, and all of my income on my federal taxes is excluded under the foreign income exclusion. Previously, I lived in Illinois until March 2011. From March 2011-May 2012 I was out of the country all but 4 months while traveling. From June 2012-May 2013 I lived in Washington DC. During this final period, I believe I filed a 2012 IL state tax return in relation to some self-employment income. And for 2013, I filed an OH state tax return in relation to a couple of weeks employment there. I have no plans to return to the US. If I do, I have no idea where I will live. I still use my sister's address in IL as my permanent mailing address to receive US mail.Do I need to file IL state taxes? If so, will my foreign income also be excluded there? Thanks!! 
I need to file an ammendment for about $4000 worth of deductions.  The software is telling me that it won't decrease my taxable income or increase my return.  This does not make sense to me. 
I am not sure if this is a prank phone message. 
On the K-12 for my multi-partner LLC, the amount list in at Self-Employment Earnings is greater than the actual personal income that I gained through the company.  The Guaranteed Payments line item matches what I earned.  Why are these different and which one do I list on my personal income tax return? 
I mean what exactly the meaning of CONCURRENT H1-B VISA 
I purchased TT deluxe disks for 2012 and 2015, but they will not load on to my new PC, while 2010, 2011, 2013 & 2014 have loaded. Should I get new CDs for 2012 & 2015? Where can I obtain for free? If not what should I do?Also need free CDs of state SW for 2010-2015. 
I cannot figure out how to take that quickbooks off and let me just go on with refund. 
I was laid off of a job after living in our house for just over a year. (would qualify for unemployment insurance)We moved to another state to take a job, and listed our house for sale. It didnt sell, so we rented it out for a year, then re-listed it again. Again, it didnt sell, so we rented it out again, this time for 2 years. Now we are trying to sell it again.We reported a loss each year from rent-expenses-taxes-depreciationThe home has strongly appreciated.How do we deal with Capital Gains in this situation? 
I accidentally claimed "self" instead of "dependent" on my tax form.  I amended the form but my parents are still unable to receive their return.  I'm not sure what else to do. 
State of CA is telling me that I did not file a 2012 state return. I located my return in turbotax , but when I print it, it has "preview only" across all the pages. Can I mail in this copy as proof that I filed? Or, if for some reason it was never filed, is there a way to do that through turbotax? My paperwork shows a refund due, but they are seizing money every chance they get because they are saying we owe them. 
I need help with my account. Its blocked and the emails I get from turbotax to reset my account wont work. 
The page keeps saying "Start my 2015 taxes" but I already did. Now I need to tell the IRS what what was my Adjusted Gross Income but I can't see anything. 
mistake in medical expenses. need to correct and make it right.  Also IRS calc. taxes via AMT.  We don't qualify but used the tax tables 
TurboTax is not allowing me the receive Deductions and credits from my 1098s. 
where can i download pdf. tax file summary 
I filed my tax with you just like I did last year and CRA is saying they didn't receive it. When I log into my account, I am unable to see my tax history for 2015 or 2014 even though I have multiple screenshot of the process. this is completely unacceptable and now I would get a penalty. 
Also I will graduate from college next week. I had scholarship. I am 20. I guess my parents cant clam me anymore. I need help to fill the w4 for the new job. Last year I was told how to do it and then ended I owned federal and income tax. This is very confusing. Thank you. 
Wisconsin wants more information.  They want "A complete copy of your2015 Minnesota income tax return(s)." and "A copy of the Nonresident Schedule or worksheetshowing income from Minnesota sourcesfiled with your Minnesota return(s)."  So tell me what I have to sent to Wisconsin out of the 50 or so pages that Turbotax printed out as my Minnesota return.  Or, can Turbotax send this information as it should have in the first place. 
it says my birthdate is incorrect ... but it is correct ... what to do? 
Please help me switch this to the free filing for State and Federal.   Also how do I pay the Federal?   Can my mother pay it using her credit card?  I don't have a checking account or credit card. 
Paid once by etc and once by check. 
I'm trying to import info. from an Investment account and I do not want Turbo to save my username and password for this account for next year.  I click on the check box but it does not clear the check mark. 
If I have any contact email, I can send scan copy 
When I signed up with Turbo Tax the message said I would receive my return in 21 days. My return is not out of the ordinary everything is correct. 
I tried the manual update, but when i open it it doesnt recognize that i have Turbo Tax 2015 (it tells me to download it).the update bar shows that it is loading the update, but the progress bar freezes and then is unresponsive. I have tried restarting the computer, reinstalling the program, shutting off firewall and virus protection, emptying recycle bin, doing file cleanups all to no avail.   I tried the info in the comment below, but i dont know what Restart in Selective Startup in Windows to allow the updater program to run properly means. The picture below shows where it update has frozen, once again. 
All of the forms are directed at me, not my girlfriend. I didn't sign up for obamacare, why should the government bill me $2k more for it. 
i have an account in two different emails and i need to get a copy of my 2009 returns from one of them 
Since my company never required records from me I never kept any.  I am concerned that if I catch an audit I may be in trouble.  I get 95$ a day flat rate every day and I use this to pay for lodging, fuel and food.  I have been living out of hotels now for the last 6 years.  Should I start keeping receipts?  Should I be worried since I have never kept records in the 6 years since I started with them? 
Schedule 8812 will calculate each line properly until it hits the if/then qualifying statement at the end of Part II.Example for me:Line 3 is 11,000Line 6 is 5,125The qualifying statement reads:Next: Do you have 3 or more qualifying children?    NO - If line 6 is zero stop; you cannot take this credit.  Otherwise skip Part III and enter smaller number of line 3 or line 6 on line 13. (This is a false statement for me.) X  YES - If line 6 is equal to or more than line 3, skip Part III and enter the amount from line 3 on line 13.  Otherwise go to line 7.  (This statement is true.)However, the turbo tax did not skip Part III and follow the instructions of the qualifying statement.  It actually completed Part III and is trying to short me almost $6000 on my tax return.For me, line 3 (11,000) should be carried to line 13 and not line 6 or anything from Part III. (According to the above qualifying statement checked yes; Part III shouldn't even be calculated.) And then the 11,000 should be entered on line 67 not the 5125.  Additionally, there should be two more Schedule 8812's printed for my additional children (total of 11). 
I purchased the audit defense for my 2014 taxes and received a proposed change from the IRS today. How do I get a hold of the service? 
I need my log in info updated for year 2014...I cant get in 
Can you merge my accounts? 
I entered my withholding information separately from my wifes. The software added them together and then posted a credit of $2137. I think you should make this right. 
I need my 2013 filing. 
I don't want random answers.  I would actually like to talk or chat with someone from turbo tax.   Is that possible? 
already filed my federal return on time, my state is due may 15. turbotax wants to bundle my two returns but my federal has already been submitted and the refund sent 
I want a list of depreciation values for the past 5-10 years. 
It has been 17 days since my state refund was sent out. The state website says the shipping time should have been 5-7 business days. 
I went through and changed it from a combat zone to None and my taxes did not chenge.  Per TurboTax, my tax base is the same and all I was providd with from TT was an explanation box.  Do I need to file an amendment??  I really don't want to pay an amendment fee for an explanation.  HELP PLEASE.  IRS is wanting a reply soon. 
Do you know how much interest they usually charge in situations like this? Do you ever take responsibility for your mistakes? 
I am 19 and single.  In Turbotax, I answered Yes, I had coverage all year and No, not through the Marketplace.  Line 11 of my 1040 EZ has the box checked for Full Year Coverage.  Why are they asking for these forms?  I do not have them.  What do I do? 
Is it possible to retrieve and download my old tax returns? 
I filed and was accepted on April 14th got my federal refund like 10 days later and still have not gotten my state yet is there some way to track my state where do i find out information on where my money is 
2015 I filed online and my account has no record of 2014. 
turbo tax should be liable for the amount.  How do I get my money back 
I have yet to be debited for my owed taxes from 2015.  It was setup to debit on 04/11/2016, yet on 05/13/2016, still no funds for owed taxes have been debited. 
I did my taxes back in Feb and now they aren't in my account anymore. 
What does it mean to be a Yonkers? 
Also, last year I had over 2000 misc itemized deductions but 0 this year. Don't understand why the big difference. 
Please answer by e-mail, because I'm not live in US now. Thank you! 
The income Turbotax submitted as my gross income is much more money than I actually get? 
How can I claim my daughter as a dependent, just like last year? 
I need to amend the deductions big time!!! 
2014 filing letter from IRS says to rush them $1,969.the only thing still on form you submitted was our 2 exemptions...I remember filling in all of the financial blanks but now realized this info was stripped  (none appeared on the form) on what TurboTax electronically submitted! 
I used TurboTax in previous years as well, but when I look at my Tax Timeline for 2012, 2013, 2014, it says it does not have my information.  it has the returns from 2009 and before. 
I didn't print it at the time I completed the return and now I can't get anything but a "do not file" copy. 
I need my 2015 tax return. 
I need help urgent ASAP need to know how to fill w4 
who to contact? no notice received...in the dark at the moment 
can I submit thru turbo tax 
My tax refund is over due. 
My Illinois state return should have been $504, but I only had $174 deposited into my account. 
I am trying to print my 2015 federal tax return for my records. 
I don't want to efile. 
I have been filing married in Texas due to common law marriage. I am not legally married. I have recently moved to Mississippi and they do not represent common law marriage. Do I still file as married in 2016? 
Please call me or email me 
i need help 
need refund amount to check status of refund 
need help to fine error on return 
Received Notice CP2000 What is this 
I refinanced my home in 2015 and then that lender sold the mortgage, essentially leaving me with 3 separate property taxes for the year.  For some reason only 2 of these lenders have been transferred to my pa tax.  How can I get the third one added to my pa taxes? 
I am applying for an apartment. I need to print my 2014 tax returns. I utilized TurboTax but I can not seem to access it. Any assistance would be great 
I need 2014 tax returns 
Hi There, Is there any where I can look up my Tax ID number? Let me know please. 
I do not agree to any charges 
No 
My spouse and I are in process of divorce and I need my information 
I am trying to submit this tax return with my form to get an ITIN number for my wife, however there is no option to print my form. Please help. 
It appears I have to calculate myself Part II of Schedule MA-M. 
I have tried clicking download/print all documents. It pulls up the instructions on how to file the VA return but not the return itself. 
I have been granted 1,500 internal options from my company with a $1 per share exercise price and a $40 per share value.  My wife and I have a combined income of $250K, take the mortgage deduction and have two children.  My concern is triggering the AMT.  Is it best to exercise and hold for more than a year, or exercise and sell within the same year?  Also, is it best to do this all at once or piecemeal? 
I filed an amendment to my return through TurboTax, and now need information from the amendment. Where can I print this from? 
I live in OH and work in MI. Should the "state wages" box of my W2 show the actual income I earned in MI, or should it show the amount of TAXABLE income I earned in MI ($0 because of OH-MI reciprocal agreement)? It currently shows the actual amount and, therefore, MI taxes were withheld (I also filed with OH so had to pay two states' income tax). Can I fix this and get a return from MI for this tax? 
I would like to do this for the purpose of budgeting. 
anuthing nor have i received my refund !!!!! I am moving out of state need it ! 
I recently had to move back home with my elderly parents due to becoming disabled and losing my job and former home. For awhile I had no income at all but eventually was approved $600.00 per month from SSI and that is now my sole income.When I started getting money again I felt I owed them every penny I could spare and I give them $400.00 each month as thats about all I can spare after paying personal expenses like insurance.We are calling it a gift currently but I was told that if I declared that payment I would become eligible for Food Stamps.. which at this point would be a huge help.But I am afraid it will be counted against them as additional taxable income. If we declare at as Utilities is there any need to add it to their taxes? 
I don't have a bank acct for my refund to be deposited to but it's showing that it was DD on APRIL 22 2016. If the bank didn't reject it, what are my options? 
I'm still work on the return 
i filed my sisters tax return for her and it went through but now we need a copy of the paper work and she forgot the password i have repeatedly selected reset password but i believe the phone number they have on file is incorrect and it wont let me select any other method to reset the password. 
This has happened the past 2 years and the IRS bills us for the difference plus penalties! This happened for 2013 and we just received a letter concerning 2014. I know it will happen again for 2015.  Why does TURBO TAX program change the amt?? Am I answering a question wrong???? 
I am doing my paid internship here just for 6 months and I am filling the W8BEN form for my bank in Germany. I have to also send them corresponding evidence to support why I am filling the W8BEN instead of the W-9 form. I have no idea about tax in the US and how it works. 
I am 17 about to be 18 and am moving out of my parents home. I will be living with a roommate. I have a job and make enough to support myself, but am trying to get a better understanding of what my budget will be a month. How do I determine how much I will have to pay in taxes each month? 
I've used the steps to save it that were suggested and its still saving it as a pdf file. please help. 
Good Day, Trying to get a copy of my 2013 taxes, without the words PREVIEW listed. How would I be able to remove the PRVIEW. 
How do I file 2014 taxes on turbo tax?  Or can I? 
I keep getting a response in my email stating that I need to call Turbo Tax and speak with them. I can't do that because my phone is off now due to not getting my money! what do you suggest I do now? I need my money and I need my 34.99 refund today! I'm tired of waiting and should've had my money last week. Now you are telling me its on hold. I sent the necessary info in to verify that its me. Now all I need is my money. And because I still have yet to receive my NetSpend card and yet to receive my tax return, I need a refund on the 34.99 I was charged for nothing. I'm getting furious everyday that my money doesn't come. So now instead of 185.02, I should now receive $220.01. ALL THIS NONSENSE over barely $200! RIDICULOUS! Somebody needs to fix this today or you will be hearing from me yet again. Again, thanks to you all, I am unable to call because my phone is off. FIX THIS! It should've been fixed a week ago! 
I heard about dual residents do i qualify even if was not here before getting my green card?Dual status: in the taxable year you were resident and non resident 
The amount of course will be half the value of the property. 
If I only own mac computers and I need to file a small business partnership return, how can I make this CD work for me? 
I have refereed my friend to turbox tax, and 45 days already passed. When do I  get the amazon gift card? 
I am trying to receive my 2014 tax return but I am unable to get to it by upgrading to plus. I do not wish to upgrade to deluxe. 
Help! 
I Filed my tax on April 11th 2016. I got my Federal Refund on April 18th. But my California Refund is yet to be refunded. When i checked the web site its saying " We authorized your refund on Monday, April 18, 2016.". But still i am yet to get the amount..  Its been almost 4 weeks since i filed the CA tax.. 
I never received the refund for 2014 and I don't think they ever got the return. 
Im only 20 and dont make much. Shouldnt USAA members have State filing for free 
What action should we take if my client just received a 1099 for 2015?  We filed the return a month ago.Going forward, we should keep records so we know which 1099s to expect. 
I'm a non-resident who does not live in the US. 
I filed with Turbo Tax on Feb 25th. Turbo Tax said it was accepted and itd be within 21 days of filing that I got my return. Going by that I should have received my return by March 17th. On March 22nd I called the IRS and they said to give them 31 days which comes to April 21st. On April 22nd I called again and they said to give them 11 weeks from the original file date. That would be today. Still no return. I called again and they said to give them 30 more days! That puts it at June 11th which is a total of 15+ weeks, 4+ months, of waiting on my return. WTF? Why? 
You tell me they are accepted then I get a rejection from you????   This has been going on since I filed.  Now my Taxes are late. What's going on.  I called to get a pin number the lady says I don't need one.  I have been using Turbo Tax for over 15 years and this year is a nightmare 
so what happens when I am unable to get a phone and literally don't have a penny to my name because you don't know how to send my money. By the time a phone is available to me, your services will be closed and I'm going to have to wait yet another 2 weeks. I verified my identification and I filled out what needed to be filled out. I want my money and I want my 34.99 refund. This will continue until the issue is resolved. FIX THIS! Everyday I am without my money, the more furious I get. A measley 185 is all I want! And please do not send me another email stating that this is an IT problem. I don't care who you point the finger at... the point is I don't have my money and should have had it weeks ago. Findthe person that needs to fix and send me my money. Period. 
I get by mail a letter from the irs with a control number my social security *  Identity verification service (idverify.irs.gov)I want to process my return.I've qualify for the health care exemption 
Can both amounts on line 16a and 16b ever be the same? If so, how? This is the 2nd year in a row the IRS contacted me saying I shorted them on taxes. This happened on 2013 taxes and now on 2014 and Im sure it will happen again next year when they review 2015.  Please help. 
Hi - I work for the UN in the Netherlands. I have not lived in the US for 3 years, although I was previously a resident of IL. All of my UN income is excluded from federal taxes as foreign income.However, I have about $6600 in dividend income and about $-1000 in capital losses. The investment advisor who manages my money is in IL, but the "source" of this money is presumably from wherever the traded companies are domiciled.Do I need to pay taxes on this in IL? I don't believe I'm technically even a resident there still, but my investment accounts are held there. Thanks!! 
I am an employee of the consulting company, not a contractor.  The company that I work for is "virtual", it has not offices.  All work is done at a client site or out of employee's home offices.  I do have an office at home, and have a separate phone line, PC and other things specific for my work.  However, I also pay bills etc. out of the office.  Before, using Quicken,I used to deduct the home office (including part of the electric, etc.).  Now, it seems that I can not because it is not 100% dedicated to work.  Please help me to understand if I can still take the home office deduction, and if so, where in Quicken do I do it.  Thank you. 
I filled through you, and owed stated and federal tax so stated I wanted to set up payment plan, and received nothing back though your site said my taxes have been filed and accepted.  How do I proceed to make sure all is in order? 
I filed my state refund in Jan. but still havent received the refund in my bank yet... Is there something i need to do, or are they just really delayed 
I completed it April 28/2016 
Is this possible? 
I filed my tax thru electronic mail last Feb 16, 2016. I am expecting to get a refund of $1198. 
Hi! My California refund was "approved" on April 13th however I still haven't received it. Their help line is impossible to get through to an actual person, has anyone had expected time lines to expect after the approval ? 
Need a copy of my 2015 tax return 
own seperate returm 
I inherited several Life Insurance distributions shown on 1099-R forms and some of them had federal tax withheld.  The IRS has reported that I have a large amount of tax due, and it appears from their letter that none of these 1099-R taxes paid are showing up on what they are reporting. As this is not an audit, but a correction by the IRS to my return, who or what do I need to do or contact for help.  The Turbo Tax Audit defense is not needed, but can you give me additional assistance? 
Will not let me file because of check entry; Schedule C (direct sales) ---form8829 [personal info removed]) Line A of Ln8 Smarty Wks must be entered? We moved to N.C. on April 1,2016. No idea what they are asking for? Did not work in NC in 2015? 
It been more than a month that I filed my taxes. Its been accepted already but I don't know why there is no refund in my account. I went to IRS tracking tool but it says being processed and there is no date given,Thanks 
I DID MY 2015 INCOME Tx on a cd; how can I see it on line? 
I have access to all my previous years I filed with Turbo tax except for 2015 
[mailing address removed] 
i recieved 886-h-eic forms and audit by mail. I am not married but my girlfriend or child and my stepchild lived with me the entire year and i supported them completely my children are 3 and 1. If i have a notarized letter from the mother (my girlfriend) that they lived with me and i supported them will irs accept that? 
So I know I paid for the whole package but didnt think it would track so well...  :( 
Do I really need to print out a paper form and mail it it to US? 
Hello. I am depressed after I came from a CPA tax agent but as my friends told me its not possible that I could pay such taxes. I would be really grateful if someone could help me with my tax math. Let me get you into my situation.- I am 24 years old- I live in New York - LI - I started an S-Corp this year so I am a self employment, - I get the 1099 form from the office that im working for, - I have a spouse who does not have SSN-just ITIN, no income- My income is 29k after deductions such as fuel, insurance etc., - I am still on Medicaid health insurance but it ends in one month- My annually living costs are about 28k so I am using all the income that my business makes,So I end up with $0 every month, now as my taxable income is $29k I will lose my insurance so I wont be able to pay for health insurance which is over $300 monthly. I still have to pay tax from the $29k. As the agent told me I have to pay tax for Social/Medicare - 15,3%, Federal - 15%, NY State -5%, I dont think its true. But I end up with no money to pay it, of course I have family who could help but what kind of life is that...So my question is - Will I lose my Medicaid ins? How much tax will I have to pay? Does my income deduct if my spouse does not have SSN?Thanks in advance. 
Today I received a notice CP2000 dated 05/09/2016 from IRS for tax year 2014 indicating that I forgot to include $2,772 of 1099-MISC income. This is accurate. The IRS says I now owe $1,014 including interest. I need to deduct auto mileage from the 1099 income. How do I do this? What forms do I need to fill out? A Form 1040 Schedule C? Please help. Thanks. 
I filed my 2014 taxes and included my 1098 T. However I just discovered that my school sent out 2 copies of the 1098 T for 2014. The one that I missed is for nearly $15,000 in tuition. I paid this tuition via student loan. Would it be beneficial to amend my 2014 return with this information? 
Tried twice with a credit card, just want to make sure I pay my 29.99 fee 
I forgot Ive got 1099 MISC form, so I amended it and paid more tax. Now I checked my W-2 form, I found I missed to file Box 14 Other (CA SDI), because the print is so small, and its the 1st time to work in CA. How do I amend this error? which file should I use - original 1040 or Amended 1040X? And how do I know my 1st 1040X has been processed? 
I did not know that this was needed until after I filed.  Am I able to go back into my acct on TurboTax and file this? 
Virginia claims that I didnt file returns for 2011,12/13/14 and I need proof that you filed them.. You have a declaration control number and dates of filing which will prove them wrong. I need that information. 
I got an email from turbo tax saying: "\tWe've noticed that you are using a new account this year. We recommend using the same account every year, if you can. This saves you time and helps you get your biggest refund. Learn more"I did not use a new account this year.  I don't understand why I got this email. I have a security concern. 
My dad bought me a car as a gift a year ago. Recently, my car was totaled and my insurance gave me a check. How should I report this for taxes?* There is no personal loss for me. This car was a gift.* I sold my total car to my insurance company and they took out my deductible.Can I give that money back to my dad? He will buy me another car with it. 
I never used turbotax to file a 2013 tax refund.  I want to see the 1040 so I can report the information to the police! TTW############ 
I just need to know my Maryland withholding tax for that year please help me 
IRS states I under-reported.  Their math is exactly DOUBLE what I receive in my 1099-R.  How best to state my case that I am accurate and did confirm with previous employer from which I retired.  They are sending me follow-up confirmation. 
When I log on to Turbo Tax Refund to locate my refund it says that I owe.  It also says that  I have a zero balance . I'm looking for some clarity. 
I was under the assumption paying the 99 fee included the downloaded software and for filing my taxes.  In previous years, I did not download the software, I only did my taxes online and just paid the 57.  Where did I go wrong here? 
I filed my taxes this year but the money wasn't pulled from my checking account like previous years.  Why? 
My federal return was sent via a paper check and today i got notice that the bank did not honor the direct deposit.  Since the state has yet to collect their payment I am assuming I incorrectly listed my bank information.  I now need to fix it.  how can I do this? 
How do I find that return and then print it? 
I received a Letter from the IRS telling me I owe them for a 1099 in the year 2014. I ended my work-contract in the year 2013 with them and never got a single check from them in the taxyear 2014. How do I go about this? 
Total Income/AGI 16661     Standard deduction 7850    exemption 4000        Taxable \nincome 4811  tentative tax 418  total credits $136  other taxes 54Total tax 336  Total Payments 1162 withheld from wages  Refund 826State and local taxes withheld from wages 599  Refund 98From investments  2015 Sched D  ST LOSS -7931  2014 ST Carry forward loss -17892     total -258232015 LT Cap Loss --6087   2014 carry over loss  -12410    total -18497 Do to all my capital losses  and taking the allowed 3000 loss  I dont see why I owe any tax, and all withholding should be refunded  This was the case last year got everything back plus some EIC (not eligible this year)  TT said no errors   let me know what files to attach if needed 
i think the irs got a 1040 and a 1040 A and doubled my income they are telling me i owe them 1637.00 because of this 
2013 
I babysit and Tutor a few times a week for different families. 
Taxpayer owns house and has name on mortgage, but parents made payments for one year.  I know parents are not entitled to mortgage interest deductions (they have no ownership interest).   Is taxpayer, who paid nothing that year, entitled to the deduction?    Does the situation change if parents gifted the money to taxpayer, who then paid mortgage directly? 
I have been tracking the NC state "Wheres My Refund?" and the status has been the same for several weeks..Sent to my bank take 10 days process. 
im have been trying for months now to see if the irs got my tax return in the mail i sent it in February and im only getting back 137 but when i go on the irs page to look and see whats happening with it it says that its no recored of me sending it in and i would really like to talk to someone about this but i cant get a hold of anyone to talk to help me in need to know if i will be getting my money 
I could e-file my tax forms due to a misconception imbedded into the software. I ended having to use a different service to file my tax form electronically ( Free File ). The forms in question are 1040 and 2555EZ 
It's been almost 3 months since I filed my "free" return, and now all of a sudden I have a 30 dollar chunk missing from my account without my authorization or knowledge, and if it is a "fee" as I've seen on the FAQ, why can I not view what I've been charged for? 
Do I still need to use the home and business edition? 
I didn't have my son's s.s number so I had to amend my taxes once I received it. I'm just curious to see when it will arrive, because we are struggling a bit right now. 
I received the form 3531 from IRS asking for my signature and box 13 (Explain the source of earned income or wages you used to compute your earned income credit and attach documents to support your entry). But currently I am not in the US. Can I just ignore this notice? 
I received the form 353 (Request for missing information or papers to complete return) from IRS asking for box 13 (Explain the source of earned income or wages you used to compute your earned income credit and attach documents to support your entry).How do I explain this? What kind of documents should I provide if I made my income from China with no W2s or 1099? 
the letter even said if I choose to do it on the phone I can have a third person, power of attorney present.  What the heck...Im kind of freaked.....no one else in my family got one of these 
I don't have any reason not to be able to netfile that I am aware of. Did I click something in the profile section that isn't allowing me to netfile (Justin's return)? Erin's return net filed just fine. THanks. 
how do i comply with this request using turbotax?  the second question is why was this not part of the original filing done on turbotax? 
I filed an extension, now I'd like to finish my Tax return online 
If not calculated does IRS send notice for outstanding amount? 
I filed my Oklahoma tax return as a Part time Non resident since I worked in Oklahoma for four months in the year 2015. My tax return was rejected twice before I had to finally file for an extension. The error per Turbotax was as follows: "511NR-028 - Schedule 511NR-1, line 2 (TaxableInterestIncome) Oklahoma Amount column (StateAmount) cannot be greater than the Federal Amount column (FederalAmount). This Rule will not apply if the Not Required to File box is checked (StateFilingExemption)" I checked everything and all entries looked all right. The customer service at Turbotax were unable to resolve this issue. Has anyone else faced such issue and if they did, how did they rectify it? Thank you in advance for any help you may provide! 
I incorrectly claimed dependents in my return. I would like to amend my return. My federal and state tax return has been accepted. I have only received the state refund but not the federal refund. Can I amend immediately? Thanks 
I have vouches for my estimated state taxes, but I cannot find the 1040-ES federal vouchers. Why? Where are they? Is there a way to find them now? 
I need this form so I can check your calculations. 
why is this difficult to find? I need to track the return and that is required 
TurboTax knows how I set up payment to the IRS and I think it would be nice to be able to see that detail if I need to after filing. 
I need to correct my 2015 taxes, which I had downloaded to my desktop. They have not been mailed yet. How do I access my file? 
Due to farm income on a 1099-MISC, I was directed by TurboTax to file an Indiana state tax return (not where I live or work) I just own farm property there.  Anyway, when I ran the IN state tax process through TurboTax, it did not give me anywhere to enter the 1099-MISC or my property taxes, so my income was entered as ZERO.  Indiana rejected my return due to my income being ZERO.  What do I do?  Did I even need to do an Indiana return? 
I recently got a notice from the IRS that I owe money from my 2014 return because my Retirement Income Taxable was not reported correctly. Here is the summary:I had a 401k through my first employer in Account A with $3,910 in it. In April 2014, I rolled it over to a new employer with account B. Account A sent the check directly to me, but withheld 20% so that the check was $3128. In less that 60 days I deposited the check directly into account B.It seems that the IRS is claiming that since they received a 1099-R from Account A for the amount of $3910, I am subject to the 10% premature tax on withdrawing. However, I used the 60 Day rollerover and rolled over the amount (minus the 20% that was withdrawn) directly into my other account.1. How would I prove to the IRS that this amount should not be subject to the 10% tax since it was rolled over in less than 60 days? Any special forms to fill out? (I have a copy of the check when it was deposited as well as supporting documentation from both firms)2. Is there any way to recover the 20% that was withheld by the Account A in 2014? It was my mistake for not noticing when they send the check it was for $3128.29 and not the full $3910 as reported by them to the IRS on their 1099-R. 
It let me know that my I'd been verified no further progress in nine weeks . 
I will not owe any taxes.......... what do i do ? 
When I filed my 2013 return I purchased Turbo Tax Premier.  Now, 2016, I'm being told by the goverment I have to amend my 2013 tax return, but behold, I cannot amend my tax return online and need to download a file (i'm ok with that), but then I can't download the file unless I bought the up premier package this year.  GUYS give me a break- what kind of a scam are you playing at here, if I bought premier in 2013 I should be able to have access to my info for 2013.  I will never use turbo tax again, such a rip off!! 
I don't seem to access anything other than 2015 - for some reason 
State need w2 and last paystub 
I had a $2,000 non deductible amount on form 8606 for 2015.  Do I need to take that out of my IRA to avoid penalties on my future taxes??   Thank you. 
I was still getting a refund even without including the amount paid with the request for an extension. 
TurboTax wants me to file tax returns for 2 states, but I am a resident in only one state. I am not able to change that on TurboTax.How can I make the change on the program in order to deal with only one state? 
I need a copy of my 2015 1040 tax return that I already filed and received my refund, however it only shows my 2014 and ones prior to that, please let me know what I need to do asap!! 
Some how an amount of money was entered into line 71 and it should be zero 
I have 2 different usernames. I filed my 2015 taxes under one username, but I need my 2008 and 2011 returns from a different username. All have the same e-mail address. 
I am applying for a loan and need a copy of old 2014 return. 
My spouse passed away earlier this year and has significant student loan debt that will be forgiven.  When this is reported in the next year return will this be taxable income that I am resposible for? Would this change if I created an estate and submitted it there? 
My wife and I electronically filed our 2015 TurboTax Premier tax return satisfactorily in early April of this year without having addressed three questions for which we are now seeking your assistance in getting answering.1.  On Tuesday through Thursday, 19-21 May 2015, I served as an unpaid volunteer for the Special Operations Warrior Foundation, a 501(c)(3) Public Charity that has received Charity Navigator's Four-Star Rating for the past 10 years.  As a volunteer my task was to assist employees of the foundation, eight hours per day, in representing the charity at an information "booth" throughout the 2014 Special Operations Forces Industry Conference held at the Tampa Convention Center.   Questions:- Which, if any, of the following personal expenses were legitimate tax deductible expenses?  -- mileage to and from the convention center and home?  -- parking fees at the convention center?  -- lunch at the convention center?   -- anything else?  - While I assumed that these expenses could legitimately be entered as deductions on our tax return, try as I may, I could not determine where on our Premier Turbotax form to enter this information.  As a result, none of it was entered. 2.  Throughout last year (Jan-Dec) my wife served as the homeowner's association Board of Directors President for our community of 309 homes.  The board consists of five members, each of whom is a volunteer.  Her personal expenses consisted of:  -- mileage to and from board and other associated meetings.  -- travel to/from county provided training events.- As with the question above, what personal expenses could legitimately be claimed, if any, and where would they be entered on our Premier TurboTax form?3.  Throughout last year (Jan-Dec) I served as the chairman of a documents review committee for the board cited above, addressing issues related to our 29 year-old Covenants, By-Laws, and Articles of Incorporation.  Our committee consisted of five homeowners and myself.  My personal expenses consisted of the following:  -- mileage to and from committee meetings and separate meetings with our attorney.  -- compiling and editing draft document rewrites sent out to committee members, board of directors, and community website postings.  -- material expenses included computer, copier, laser & ink-jet print, and letter paper).    - Same question as above, what personal expenses could legitimately be claimed, if any, and where would they be entered on our Premier TurboTax form? 
how do we know that our 2015 taxes were filed?  submitted in late March and have received nothing from Canada Revenue Agency which is odd.  Have confirmation number from Turbo Tax and pdf's of returns. 
I will be a 1099 contractor starting in June.  This is my first year as a 1099.  I was unemployed with no income until from Jan to May.  Last year I only made around $20K in regular employment.  I expect my  income to be much more than last year.  So I wont fall into one of the safe harbor I think?How do I go around paying estimated tax?  Where and how in Turbotax do I do this (also is there a 2016 Turbotax to use)?    I wont get my first paycheck until after June 15, do I have to file on June 15?My income stream will be uneven, how do I estimate the uneven quarters in Turbotax?   Do I need to fill out form 2210 and when do I turn in that form? April 15? 
Florida which does not have state tax 
I have several copies of voucher 4 due 1/17/2017. I need the ones due in April, June, and September of 2016 
how do I pull up last year's tax return? 
I need this to be rectified on my bank account. 
Turbotax owes me a refund when will I get it 
I cannot review my 2015 Tax Return. 
They may give me w2c for correction. do you know I will be getting back fed and state amount ?. 
Since I cannot see my documents for 6 months after filing, I will NOT be using this sorry service again. There is no reason why I shouldn't have unfettered access to MY information. 
we entered all the information for the trust from the schedule k - have already paid our taxes and filing fees -- and thought all the paperwork was submitted via the e-file but Iowa has NOT  received it what do we need to do to get this resent to them? 
We've used Turbo Tax for years and this year we never got follow up  other than the return was accepted.  HELP 
When is turbotax sending me the 29.99. Back that I paid by accident 
We have a small lawn mowing business. Last year, we mowed the property of a charitable organization in town for free several times. Since we did not do much with the business, the time spent mowing the charitys property was a large percentage (25% plus) of the mower hours that were used for 2015. Can we still deduct full depreciation for the mower in 2015? Im having a hard time finding any IRC or IRS documentation that specifically addresses whether or not this is qualified business use. 
I believe the 1040X form is not available at this point. Correct? 
I was just now trying to complete my return but Turbo doesn't recognize my extension or the estimated payment I made. 
Cannot figure out how to get Turbo Tax to change this. 
i sold my home in 2014 and did not purchase a new one -- now the IRS is asking for an excessive amount ( I made a profit of 75K) 
I can login online just fine 
I cannot find where the additional deduction comes from, but I know it is about $6000 too high.  How can I correct this error back to my correct medical deduction? 
Est-ce possible de tlcharger la version Mac... Avec la cl de la version windows que jai acheter...  Je croyais quil fonctionnait avec les deux? 
Receive emails saying REJECTED for wrong AGI and thats not true! 
I am an independent contractor and I took the full depreciation on my truck which puts my AGI at 14,475. I have 1 dependent and I received the EIC and the childcare credit. I did not pay any taxes last year. Is it acceptable to still receive a return? 
Filed on May 12, 2016 
i need a phone number to a turbo tax representative 
I know Tax Act offers this online.  I have filed with them for 2015 taxes because of it.  I would like to know if TurboTax Online has plans to add this option soon. 
The small refund I was due to receive for 2015 says it has been applied to a tax owed for year 2009. I dont think I have records going back that far. How do I prepare for an audit or the next steps that the IRS may be taking? 
I need to change my moving expenses information.  But the system is not letting me.  I have gone through all the tabs but cant seem to find the moving expense one.  Where would I find it again?? 
This is a screenshot of Georgia Form 500X, I dont quite sure what the line 22 is, could someone explain? is it the amount I owe? 
How do I change the credit card number you use when I pay for next years program. 
I worked, but only paid .30 in Federal taxes.  Our joint return went to his student loans.  Will I get anything filing an injured spouse form? 
It goes on to say However, you will still be able to get a tax break for the program fee, meals and supplies directly related to your time spent volunteering.  I cant find anything about this here or anywhere else.  Its not mentioned in Pub 526.  http://www.kiplinger.com/article/spending/T059-C000-S004-vacations-that-give-back.html 
Turbotax said that if I was not resident in the state of PA, I did not have to pay taxes on income received.  PA stated that since the money was received from a PA company, I still had to pay state income tax, even though I did not live there 
I have a small LLC business and Im also a W2 employee with another company.  I purchased Turbo Tax Business for my small LLC and Turbo Tax Deluxe for my personal taxes.  However, Turbo Tax Deluxe is not allowing me to enter business income and its telling me to upgrade to Turbo Tax Home and Business. Do I need to upgrade to Home and Business even though I already purchased \nTurbo Tax Business and completed my LLC business taxes? 
I filed my 2015 tax return on January 8th, 2016 without providing the essential forms regarding the healthcare adjustments (forms 1095 and 8962) that must be within the return for timely processing.  With that said, I mailed physical versions of both completed forms to the IRS in the second week of February afterbeing notified of the situation. I received my next correspondence dated March 15, 2016, that the IRS had in fact received the proper information and to allow for 45 days for further processing and that no action on my behalf was necessary. Ive visited the local IRS office several times now, the most recent being on May 8th, in which very little info is provided to me and the same lingo is spieled my way which is "they're just very backed up and to allow for more time..." The online tool, where's my refund as well as the automated phone service simply states that my return is still being processed and a date will be provided when available. I'm becoming frustrated more and more not so much about the lack of funds, but more so the lack of information and/or projection of when the waiting will be over and I should expect to receive my $2,000+ refund. Is there any light that can be shed on my situation to provide some kind of something in terms of information that's actually relevant?!? 
My daughter came in US last year, so I have to submit federal tax return with ITIN request by paper only.Now, I got ITIN, but I want to use turbo tax to file state tax electronically.Is it possible? 
download fee 
I need some help on a few lines.  #1: What do I put in line 3 Column B?  #2. What do I put on line 16?  #3. What is I place on line 18 and 19?  Now I know that I owe $1392 as I got a refund of $5298 but it should have been only $3906 after adding the left off income and taxes withheld.  I would appreciate if you help me with these items as I want to get this amendment filed and out of my hair for this year.  Thank you very much. 
When I log in to my account, the only action that is available is to download or print my return as a .pdf file. 
I need a copy of my 2010 return for my 2015 taxes and it is NOT on my tax timeline. I need to know how to access it. Thanks! 
I have filed tax return jointly with my wife who does not have any SSN/ITIN. Last week I received a CP11 notice from IRS stating that, We dont allow your spouses personal exemption because your spouses: SSN or ITIN was missing. ...  It would be very helpful if you could answer my questions,1. Want should I do to get an ITIN for my wife and how to notify it IRS? 2. As I have read ITIN could take about 6-8 weeks to be approved, how should I approach to IRS that I have applied for ITIN? (as they gave me a time limit to pay her exempted amount)Thnaks, 
Can I please receive a call from Turbo Tax customer support?Phone number: [Removed] 
I mistakenly commited a typo with my bank name.  Added an extra L.  Will the IRS fix this or will it delay my return? 
I cannot find my 2015 Tax return documents on Turbotax even though I filed with them and the sent them to Federal and State  How do I find this info? 
Also cannot get into my account which I could yesterday. 
I have a student loan interest deduction. 
the help answers stated there was an option for this....i can't seem to find it.... 
Do we need to submit a 2nd Amended return? 
I am out of town. Before I left, my printer stopped working and I need to mail in a hard copy to the IRS.  When I get back I'd like to have it there to mail. 
I did file 2015 taxes with Turbotax and State and Feds accepted them  Why can't I find them when I log into Turbotax? 
OLD COMPUTER BROKE DOWN BEFORE I FINISHED FILING. 
A self-employed, solo attorney has owned his home for 15 years and works on his law practice in one room of the house. However, the attorney accepts very few clients and uses that room for business purposes less than half the time (more than half the time, the room is just used for reading, internet browsing, etc.) The attorney has never claimed a home office deduction or any depreciation for the room. Now, he is selling his home, and the gross profit will probably be less than $100,000. Does the partial use of the room for business purposes affect how he must calculate taxes on the sale of the home? 
can you email the form to pay my La. State tax again?  Thanks!![personal info removed] 
Turbo tax didn't show that I didn't show health care coverage until after I submitted it 
Turbo Tax is providing FALSE information about Health Coverage exemption. They state the following, quote: "If you have applied for any of the following immigration statuses, you . . . have to pay the penalty for going without health insurance in 2015: . . . Asylum (only if youve been granted employment authorization . . . )" . This is NOT CORRECT! ! ! An applicant with a pending asylum application is exempt from the penalty. Here is the lawyer's opininon about this: https://www.avvo.com/legal-answers/does-an-asylum-applicant-have-to-get-a-health-care-2587147.html 
I used the online software for one reason, so I could file electronically. I went through the entire process and then I ended up paying almost $120 for nothing. After I paid I was directed to finish up by printing out my taxes and mailing them in. I could have done that myself to begin with. Also, there was an error that the bullet proof software didn't catch. Because of this error I have still not received my tax return. I submitted it through mail in mid February and received a letter stating that there was a error in a calculation and that if I agreed to the adjustment to just wait 4-6 more weeks and I would see my return. It has been over 8 weeks since that correspondence. I want my money back. Here is the kicker my annual income qualifies for free file. 
I am planning on coming to the U.S. in July 2016 and think thats when my residency begins. I do not think I need to file a 1040 but Im not sure. 
We tried loading the Timeline but no history appears. 
Is there any way to defer (or reduce) the $25,000 loss (described as the Special Allowance for Rental Real Estate with Active Participation, on Form 8582)?  Id like to save this loss for a year in which our taxable income is higher.  If we take the loss this year, our exemptions will exceed our income (joint return).Im aware that we can file separate returns (to avoid taking the $25,000 loss), but this will lead to additional taxes (that we wouldnt have to pay, filing jointly).The loss is cumulative, from prior years when we could not take it.  IRS publications seem to indicate that the rental loss can be taken (if conditions are met).  However, I have not seen any publication which states that the loss must be taken. 
It seems legit - the company appears to be real. They basically say everything is done through a secure server, and turbo tax gets the information - they handle the logistics and don't even see my personal info. Anybody else heard of this? 
There doesn't seem to be a way to access the documents. The message that pops up says to pay for them, but does not provide a place to do so. 
I was told that I was missing the Federal Tax withheld on line 40 for the paper version. 
At the top left of this page, it says "Federal Free Edition"; elsewhere it says if I use Federal Free Edition, the state return is free. So why are you charging me for the state return? 
If i refinance into a VA loan and have a funding fee, and it is paid partial, or in full by my new lender, can i claim that amount on my taxes. 
I cleared out the form and started again, tried a new user ID, and tried downloading the one from last year.  (I've used Deluxe every year, and nothing changed this year.)  The site refused to let me access this product.  How do I obtain a refund?  I believe the state filing process was higher as a result as well. 
the first one had ,ore information on it I need 
Is TurboTax Business ignoring 2014 IRS guidance (CCA 201436049) in determining if LLC income is subject to self-employment taxes? I and my wife have a plain-vanilla LLC for our services business. We are each limited partners and actively involved in providing the services (each work more than 500 hours/year). None of the LLCs income, however, is distributed as guaranteed payments. Each of us receives equal distributive shares of the LLCs income. I understand that this is a somewhat murky area of tax law. But TurboTax Business seems to come down clearly on the side of not treating the distributive income of our limited partners as subject to self-employment tax. That is, each of our K-1s shows no income on Line 14 unless we characterize ourselves as general partners, which we are not. Am I correct in that understanding of how TurboTax Business is treating this question? And if so, what happens if we are audited by the IRS - can we successfully defend ourselves from underpayment penalties because we relied on a TurboTax interpretation that neither of us owes self-employment tax on our LLC income? 
Tried getting State for 2009 but wouldn't connect at first, 2nd attempt said the charge $39.99 for State download. I don't know if I downloaded State when I started the return but I can't find any State Tax file on computer. What do I search for to find 2009 State download on PC? And how do I file my State for 2009? 
line 40 is 27,000. I may need to take 60,000 out of an IRA this year with all things the same will this push me to pay ATM? 
In Missouri due to the storms IRS gave an extension to residents of effected counties for 2015 taxes to May 16th. I need to file for an extension beyond this but turbo tax will not allow me, how do I get around this? 
How do I include all that in the forms? 
IRS is asking for a copy of my state return but cannot figure out how to print it. 
i need help who can i call 
I already filed my taxes this year. I downloaded and printed out 2015 return but there was so option to pay for my upgrade or anything. 
When will I receive my refund for 2015 I had only received part of it 
program went into a cycling mode and had to reset. 
?? 
How do I amend a return that has our rental income listed as self employment? 
I just checked my account and this amount was not drawn out although Turbo Tax indicated that it was.  Please explain what happened and if I misread something.                                                                  Thank You, 
A revised 1099-R will not be provided.  The total annuity was returned including the taxes paid rather then the received amount. 
Please attempt to correct this for 2016 
Everytime I try to get a copy of my tax return to reprint or download, I only get that first page that tells me what I need to do, but I never get an actual copy of my tax return. I need this so I can verify my ID with the IRS. 
My refund was close to 4k which wouldve been a substantial help. Also if Im behind on child support why didnt they hold my money for that? I have no idea where my refund went but I was sure I got a letter saying it was held for my student loans. 
Does this line of inquiry commence once you have stopped paying AMT or have I missed something in filling out my return? 
TurboTax shows it was refunded to my credit card however when I go to the IRS it shows it was sent to a bank account I no longer have   Now what? 
owe money on last years tax,received information on due by October. will that dues still hold up my refund for this year 
how do I access It's Deductible to entery charity donations for 2016?? 
I completed my amendment but could not get my printer to print it. The printer is functional and I need to send the paper to IRS. 
I am using a laptop, I have already followed the advice in previous posts to no avail. I can only edit my account settings, no option or way for me to get to tools-delete a form 
A tax advocate told us to mail it in and not efile so we will get our refund this year where we filed a hard ship 
no 
he was a student and I filed his 1040 and NYStax returns for him 
I received a late 1099-Q for 2015 how do I amend my 2015 return to reflect this 1099-Q? 
I owe a little over a thousand and thought I requested to set up a payment arrangement. 
am I able to combine information from an old account to a new account? I somehow set up two accounts. 
return my call please I would like to speak with someone [removed] 
Who can I contact. Ive called many numbers and keep getting hung up on. 
I have tried updating my version of browser but still unable to use the download on this computer. Can I do it on another computer and not have to pay twice for the download? 
I claimed them last year with no issues 
I may have a different pass word I dont remember or what dont know and of course I needed them yesterday.. my email is (personal info removed) please contact me so I can print my 2014 taxes without going through IRS if necessary. Thank you very Much. 
I own a business approximately 100 miles from my home both are in the same state. My total commute is 3-4 hours per day. If I rent a room near my business to cut down on the commute, and keep my primary home, can I write it off the rental through my business? 
I need to efile my 2014 school district tax 
I just tried upgrading, but still see no way to PAY BEFORE completing 2015, although I need to be sure my 2014 returns were COMPLETE. 
I did not include my premium tax credit (PTC) form (8962) with my original tax return. My refund was accepted but the IRS sent a letter saying they needed form 8962.   Is there anyway to include the form and update my 1040 tax return using my turbo tax account? 
Can I use Turbo Tax to file CA (540NR) for 2014 
IRS has requested a form 8962 how do I have turbo tax fill it out 
I've misplaced my W2's from 2015, but since I've already filed with TurboTax, is there a way to provide me with the information I submitted? 
I needed to use the downloadable version due to certain forms not being available online. I have the file on my desktop from the online return for 2015 that I would like to finish in the downloaded version. It will not accept the .tax2015 extension. 
I have a loan which i used to purchase partnership shares in the company. In 2015 I payed $18,750,00 for interest on my loan for $625,000.00. I payed a principle amount of $125,000.00 with the total combined payout of $143,750.00 
I got a letter from the IRS stating that I underpaid my quarterly estimated taxes for 2015.  I used TurboTax to file my 2014 taxes and the worksheet for estimating what my quarterly payments should be in 2015.  I entered the quarterly taxes paid in TurboTax this year, but the amount I paid and entered DOES NOT match Line 65 on my 1040.  Why would these numbers not match?!  Because the numbers do not match, I did not pay enough tax. I paid the amount TurboTax indicated I owed.  So, now, I owe penalties on top of the underpaid tax.Any help would be appreciated.  Thank you. 
I did my taxes a day or two after April 18th and was expected to get a fair amount of money on in return. I know for a fact that I completed them, but the website doesn't seem to display anything and only offers for me to start on my 2015 taxes. 
The 1099-MISC forms were from the same Payer. 
I need the copy for a mortgage loan application 
Is there a way to find my 2014 tax return online? 
Should I just sign it and date it as today's date? I'm worried the IRS won't accept it because it's not the original signature like they requested. 
Apparently Dad was to get a refund which has not yet been received.  We're trying to locate his return so we can follow up. 
I own a home outside of Los Angeles County which is my primary residence.  I also rent an apartment in Los Angeles that I maintain only for its utility in our business.  My wife uses the apartment space as a photo studio and office.  I use the apartment space as a recording studio and office.  We frequently make trips to our LA apartment to work.  So can we deduct 100% of the apartment just as we would a standard office?  Does it make any difference if we sometimes sleep there?  Since the primary purpose of the apartment is an office and not travel lodging, does it matter if our work goes beyond 1 year?  Thanks. 
i need to print it out but i can't get axis to it.when i click for my tax timeline it takes me to file a new 2015 tax.what can i do? 
I currently have a capital loss of $10,012. I was wondering can I subtract the allotted limit of $3k from my Wage/Salary of $25,333.20 to get to $22,333.20. The system recognizes that I have a loss but does not seem to be giving me deduction on my Federal income. Please help soon as possible and email at [Removed] 
what is my AGI? 
I just filed for 2015 and then realized I was never prompted to do a Form 8962 for my Premium Tax Credit. I wasnt asked for any information from my 1095-A, but I did answer the question Yes as to having marketplace healthcare insurance. Was that all automatically calculated behind the scenes for me? Im confused. Please advise. Thanks 
will not let me purchase "plus," the website, on my computer is not showing me the upgrade button. 
Social Security Earnings were $33,590.00 on Federal.  TTx only carried $28,552.00 to state return.  Will affect state refund. 
Can I get access to the 1040 form since I can't use the 1041? 
Using Online Free version.When I input the office in home expenses the page calculates the entire amt of my income as an office in home expense instead of just my business portion of office in home expenses.HELP 
need password 
where is it? 
My Federal tax refund was received within a week but State tax refund has not been received after 7 weeks. What steps do I need to do? 
I accidently entered the wrong bank account number by one digit. 
The Irs is holding our return for 2015 because they say we haven"t filed our 2011 taxes.  We had this issue before, and completed filing, and paid what we owed.  Now the same issue is happening again, and I can't find proof of filing the 2011 taxes? 
Any tips on what to do? 
I have receipts from thrift stores I donated to in 2015. How do I file these for tax return? I signed up for ItsDeductible and inputted my donations, however I was unable to move forward without being prompted to "sign up" and pay for something. Please help! 
How do I access my tax returns from the last two years? 
Your form will not allow me to select "None of the above" I cannot go further on my taxes as there is an error on your form. 
I am filing with Turbo Tax for the first time.I thought I was done.Then I realized that I did not enter an income for 2015, the year I am filing for.I don't have a W2 bc I'm self employed.But it's still showing I get a refund!I am confused.Thank you. 
when I log onto turbotax it takes me straight to setup even though im logged in 
i used the free on and now i need to print it out for child support tomorrow and it wont even show anything. or download anything. 
i purchased the 2014 Louisiana return and not in my downloads 
The only thing I can figure is that I make too much, but that doesnt seem likely. 
I went to the IRS page but they could not provide any information. 
My filed my daughter on my taxes but forgot to add my granddaughter. Both were living with me and both I supported, how do I add my granddaughter to previously filed taxes 
Stepped through the entire process using TurboTax basic (free) and saw when all was said and done, I had a $29.99 charge. I felt like I was duped into a non-basic package. 
I want to purchase my sisters 50% of our parents home place, including land, home & small rental mobile home park for my daughter (only child) and her children to live. Deed would be jointly between me and daughter. What are the tax consequences and/or benefits for me and my sister? 
I would like to move to Vermont, but am not sure about the burden of higher state taxes. 
i need know whuch down load or cd to buy turbo tax that has  personal w2 and a rental property and small business so i can do all three.. for 2013 i havent done yet all other yrs i have used turbo tax.. 
I hope I don't owe a late fee, can i get a credit on what I paid you guys to take care for me?  It was 94.98 
my child is not adopted 
Has anyone else not received what they paid for. 
When I submitted my e-file to the IRS, I put the wrong birthday and so the efile rejected. I realized that I have forgotten to include a portion of my income, so my amount owed changed and now I cant resubmit via efile since the amount authorized in the credit card is different and the efile is giving me an error because of that. 
Hello, I moved to the US in 2015 for employment and have filed form 1040NR in 2015. For 2016, I believe I will be treated as a US person for tax purposes. In 2016, I received proceeds from the sale of property in India (timelines and facts shown below).Questions:1) Is the property considered a gift or an inheritance? 2) Are long term capital gains taxes payable in the US for this sale? I expect to be in the 25% tax bracket for Federal taxes.3) If so, what is the cost basis for the computation of capital gains/losses? Is it the purchase price in 1942, the FMV in 1953, 1962 or 2009?4) India has a tax exemption for the capital gains if they are reinvested in buying a house. If I avail of that exemption, will it mean that I dont get any federal tax credit for taxes paid in India (which has a DTAA treaty) and hence have to pay Federal taxes?Timelines and Facts:- 1942: My grandfather purchased a property in India with his own money. It is a piece of land with some buildings on it.- 1953: My grandfather executed a release deed in favor of my grandmother and my dad.- 1962: My grandmother passed away and my father became the sole owner.- 1984: My grandfather passed away.- 2009: Our familyexecuted a partition deed where we mutually agree to divide the proceeds of the property among us.- 2016: I received proceeds from the sale of my share of the property in an account in India.Truly appreciate your help! Thanks. 
I accidentally pressed the wrong option on my email survey offered by turbo tax and inadvertently made myself ineligible to be a part of the drawing to win the $100 Amazon giftcard. Is there anyway I could complete a different survey or change my mistake on the original. Thanks a lot for the help and years of easy tax filing. 
Should I Claim for the Spouse? She does not havy any document in US and she never came to US in 2015 
How do I report a total loss if my car was a gift AND the insurance company paid more for my car then what my parents paid for it?1. It was a gift to me from my parents.2. Insurance paid more for the car then what was paid for the car.How should this be reported (by me and by my parents)? 
Je soumets ma dclaration pour lARC sans problme, mais ImpotRapide me fait part derreurs pour la soumission de la dclaration  Imponet Quebec. Je les corrige, mais elles ne disparaissent pas de la liste derreurs.Donc, on me prsente le message suivant:les erreurs qui figurent dans votre dclaration vous empchent de soumettre celle-ci  Revenu Qubec par ImptNet Qubec.Le support tlphonique semble satur, et aprs le temps dattente personne ne dcroche... Comment faire pour enlever ces erreurs et soumettre? 
I am a single member LLC and I bought a new car mid 2015, but was unaware of the Section 179 deduction. I actually had to amend my 2015 tax return the first ever CPA I hired filed to include the normal depreciation deduction (I'm 20 years old, pretty new to this and he definitely didn't help). The car is under 6000 pounds, so I am now looking at qualifying trucks to trade in for. How I do calculate what the deductible amount will be (using variables like x and y for the purchase price, business use, anything like that you may need to know) so I even know if it will be worth doing? 
Submitted NC State taxes in early April, but my bank account has not been debited. Should I be concerned? 
now i want my money along with the fees i will get a laywer you can not hold my money it was told to me it was mailed and still hasnt bee mailed and that was 3 weeks a paper check was being sent and nothing where is my money i want answer every number has no info and im extremly mad you got paid now send my check to my address listed. 
I really need the $39.99 sent back to my account ASAP 
I should not have to pay to print prior year returns. 
Hi, I need to know which Turbo tax to buy and if Turbo tax can complete the form required for a foreign citizen that have sold a condo in Florida in 2015. I had a withholding tax of 10% and have my ITIN number. 
rolled over $50K of ex-employer Simple IRA; deposited $39K into Vanguard previously existing IRA account. Can't figure out how to account for this in TurboTax. 
going through the info section for my dependent children and the web site forces them as adopted. will not let me choose "None of the above" 
I used the updated version of turbotax.  Do I need to involve the better business bureau and my lawyer to straighten this out? 
I did my taxes yesterday and you sent me an email notifying they were rejected because the ip pin number so now it has to go on the mail and not electroncaly 
\n\nI was not planning to use the online Turbo Tax for my state\nrefund, but it came to April 15th and I had forgotten to prepare the\npaper forms. So on that day, I decided to use Turbo Tax to get it submitted\nquickly. I went through all the state part, and even entered in my credit card\ninfo  fully intending to use Turbo Tax for the submittal of my State tax\nreturn.  After the page where I entered\nthe credit card info, it was asking for verification, amounts on my last years\nState return. I was not at home and had no way of looking that up without\ndriving home. So I exited Turbo Tax without finishing. I had to drive to the\nnearest library to get a State tax form, filled it out and mailed it in at the\npost office before that days deadline. I was unable to use the Turbo Tax\nsubmission for this. Then I saw that I was charged the $39.99 anyway, even\nthough I couldnt get Turbo Tax to submit it. Please refund me. Thanks, Jean\nFierke boomlacalaca@yahoo.com  Please send this on to a manager, as I have\nalready called Turbo Tax and talked to a customer service rep about this, and\nthey were unable to help. I have been a customer of yours since 2009. Please\nconsider my request. Thanks, Jean\n\n 
I used the IRS refund tool, and it says that my deposit for $656 was already deposited. However it never made it to MY bank account 
Where do i find a remittance slip? Revenue Quebec indicates that it should have been printed with my tax return. 
If so, how much? 
I want to do tax planning for 2016 year. I do not see any option in turbotax. may i know how to do it. 
I don't have a copy available in my profile, could you please assist? 
Give me a number to contact a person 
For 10 years I used TT online and it imported the prior year's info. This year, I am forced to use a paid download TT (always free, through Vanguard before, but they stopped doing that--I'm now seeing why). I have the prior year return as PDF in computer. I downloaded prior year as .tax2014--BUT PC will not recognize it. TT program says they will help me do it all manually!!!!! I'm not a fool. If I wanted to do it manually, I WOULDN'T HAVE PAID FOR THIS HORRIBLE TT. How can I get inform transferred to the 2015 return, from last year??? 
I received an e-mail for a promo in March because I used the software lastyear... I bought it. I then completed my tax return. I am trying to submit them tonight, as I was still waiting for a final receipt, and the software is asking me to pay again! Why is that?Thanks, Cynthia 
I am beign charge for filing state taxes in fl, which I dont need, how do I take this off? 
need to talk with agent 
Also, I was charged for the FL return app when there are no income taxes in Florida. 
I have already filed federal taxes. I received spouse's ITIN now so filing for state return using efile option 
As a small business, we have given some items away as donations that will be awarded at events as prizes. Is there an actual legal amount we should claim? Meaning, are we only allowed to write-off cost of the item, or is it the market value of the item or is there some other formula? Just wondering what U.S. law actually says? 
I am trying to find out if there are individual forms that the program will print out or do I need to print my entire 2014 tax return to send it in? 
I need to print out a copy of what my filing fees where but I don't know how to find them.please help me. thank you. 
the only form i see is 8965 
I filed my federal return and three state tax returns though turbo tax. I need to print my three state tax returns but when I try to only my IL state tax return comes to print and download. I need to print out my other two states MN and IL. My federal tax return also does not come up to print or download. 
I'm not able to pay my total federal balance. How do I schedule a payment? Site won't let me go any further without making a total payment. 
I inherited the home in March 2012. I have never lived in the home and have never rented the home. 
I cannot complete file, even though I have already paid, because the missing information for my spouse's SSN. He does not have one because he is not American. I cannot enter NRA, and I cannot enter 0's. And I cannot connect with any human being from turbotax because I have no US number. How can I find someone useful that works for TurboTax? 
Nothing shows up on my tax timeline. It only says "Joined TurboTax" 
In 2010 I bought a home for 225k. I hit financial hardship in 2013 and my parents paid the balance of the mortgage (appx 220k) and took over the deed, reflecting a sale price of 220k. I am unable to refinance the loan for another year because of a short sale on a different home. I would like to sell my current primary residence and use the capital gain to purchase a smaller home. Is it allowable for my parents to sign a quit claim deed to add me on the deed of the home, selling it back to me for the same price they paid (220k) and I can in turn sell it immediately for the appreciated market price? It has always been my primary residence but I have not held the deed for the last 3 years. But I have held it 2 of the last 5 years (and been living here as a primary residence continuously. The concern here is capital gain. The home is now worth 350k. They dont want to pay capital gains tax because it isnt their home and I should be protected from capital gains tax because it is less than 250k and it is my primary residence. Will putting the house back in my name cause a problem if I sell right away? 
My taxes were accepted on March 9, but I never got them. They took my money from my card for fee for the site. I think the problem is because I have not import my  second W-2 form from my other work, but everywhere writes 0 taxes.  How to add my other W-2 form and edit my file to get my taxes, because they already chaged me? 
i filed back in jan.. got a letter april 5th saying i needed to prove children lived with me so i faxed all that in may 9th about how long will it be till I receive my refund? 
I am not a DC resident but my first W2 had an error that stated taxes was paid to DC. I filed a D-40B and got the refund. Now, I received a corrected W2 and it states that no taxes was paid to DC. How do I amend the filed D-40B and paid back DC Office of Taxes? What forms are needed? 
i want a phone and i want answer why its taken 2 and half months and why your sending my taxs all over the US and charging 150.00 dollars for it when its your fault i want answer i want a phone call and i want my taxs. 
Pour pay vos serviceje peu pay par Visa dbit ? 
I made a stock sale this month (may 2016).  I think I need to pay the capital gains and to do this i need to fill out 1040 ES.  But I just wanted to know if this form was just for the stock sales or I had to include my salary wages which already have taxes withheld.  Thanks Much 
Part 3 on Injuried Spouse form. I have the total credits, but I dont see the individual credits 
Help 
I have already corrected my tax return on TurboTax, but I will need to mail in the forms I used to amend my taxes. I'm just confused as to what those are. 
I paid $445 in taxes and sent $500 with my extension.  Will IRS send me difference?  Or is there a form for this. 
I have a US Visa debit card but the system still rejects it without any explanation. I live abroad and can't contact their service by phone. 
we know our birth and ssn cards were stolen Nothing has been used to this point. Is there a way to keep someone next tax season from filing and getting our real information from this account to to end up getting our returns? Hope thismakes sense. 
Hi, I am unable to determine how to get into form 8692, Please call me on my cell # xxxxxxxx for assistance. 
I just want to know will i be getting it back like everyone else ? Or later on down the year ? Cause i've called the ga tax center as well and got nothing 
I took the day off from my normal work using my earned leave. I worked more hours that day (14hrs) for the charity than I would normally work at my job (10hrs). The entire day was spent with the charity. 
our Order Number: EFE4ATU231N57XDF\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tShipped\t\t\t\tDescription\t\t\t\tAmount\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX ONLINE STATE CA TY2015 PREP\t\t\t\t$39.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX PREMIUM SERVICES BUNDLE WITH REFUND TRANSFER R2015\t\t\t\t$39.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t1\t\t\t\tTURBOTAX ONLINE DELUXE TY2015 PREP\t\t\t\t$54.99\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t \t\t\t\tSales Tax\t\t\t\t$0.00\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t \t\t\t\tTOTAL\t\t\t\t$134.97Why am I being charges for both deluex and premium? Please adjust 
I asked to be called and the automated operator hung up on me.  This process is getting very frustrating!  I need my 2013 return today. 
Print 2015 tax return? 
Not happy about being able to see the forms through tabs on this online version! Bad change.... 
I paid back money to an employer in 2015 that were included in my 2014 earnings I didnt work for that company in 2015 shouldnt I have gotten a corrected 2014 w2 form? 
I called a few minutes ago but they told me that I will wait 30minutes - 1 hour to contact me to the operator, but I know that more than 1 hour they cut me. 
cant leave it blank because I have already selected the other option to see if it would work 
Hello,I am using Intuit Self Employed, which makes my calculations very easy. For my business, nothing is done in cash in terms of payments and expenses. Hence, Intuit Self Employed comes in very handy. For Q1 estimated taxes, I only deducted those showing on my business bank account. That is, my home office and car mileage were not included. Do I need to 1) add those to my estimated taxes or 2) report them annually on my next tax returns. While I believe both are fine, the former will give me credits later because I have deductions to be added, and the latter will have more accurate tax amounts. Is my understanding correct?   If I am to add such deductions on my Q2 estimated taxes, can I add my Q1 deductions to Q2?I appreciate your answers in advance! 
how far over the amt 
I need my for refund for health insurance premiums.  On top of this, turbo tax was to take their fees out of my refund.   Instead, they took them out of our checking account.  What gives?  How about some answers or at least an approximate refund date. 
I need to find that money 
I just submitted my tax return online through Netfile, on May 2, 2016 at 7:03 PM - which is on time. However, on the TurboTax website online webpage confirmation and the email confirmation I received, it says I submitted the return on May 3, 2016 at 1:03 AM. This is inaccurate, by five hours. This mistake of TurboTax could very well cost me in late fees, late fees that I shouldnt have to pay, because I filed the return on time. How do I fix this? I really cant afford to pay any late fees, especially when I filed the return on time. 
Please tell me how to file NY state corporation Tax? 
The tracker said on or before the 8th of May and still havent received it 
Without the 2014 DVD, the .tax2014 will not open. I already bought it but I have a new computer and my purchase is not showing up in downloads. All I have is the pdf file which does not have the level of detail that I need. Please advise 
I checked the NY and federal websites to inquire about my refund, but NY stated there's no info on my refund and the federal site says to try back later. 
Do I need to have an official "business" or LLC for my yoga career in order to report business expenses? thank you 
There was no income in 2014 as the Estate was settled. 
How do I get my 2014 tax return information? 
"I am married, have a child and I only worked in 2015. Due to having student loans being defaulted, I filled out form 8379, injured spouse form, so my wife could receive refund credit for our child. I filed married joint and received a response letter from irs stating "the injured spouse does not have any income, withholding, and or refundable credits. Can she qualify for any refund we were eligible for? 
5071c letter from irs 
I purchased a brand new Prius C in 2015 and was told I can claim it either on Colorado state or federal taxes. Please help me find an answer! 
i need the TurboTax for 2014 tax year 
I filed a 1040X at the end of April.  Now I must file another one. Turbo Tax created a new 1040X based on my original 1040 in column A.  But I think that column A should now be based on my first 1040X.  How do I get my second 1040X done this way? 
Thanks for the replies. On my 2015 Federal return, $2190 (the 2014 state refund amount) was entered on Line 10. Somehow during the Turbotax info transfer from Federal to State, the same $2190 flowed to line 23 of my Alabama Form 40 (2015 estimated tax payments/automatic extension payment). Got an IRS letter today stating that a refund for a prior year cannot be claimed as a credit against the tax due for for the current taxable year. Again, I dont understand why the amount was transferred to my state return, or why the Turbotax audit didnt catch thus as an error. 
Just looking for confirmation on what the IRS uses to determine tax for shares that were sold due to a company merger. I want to understand if I filed incorrectly and truly owe the tax. Just not sure what the IRS uses to determine this - is it the proceeds, the cost basis or the gains of the shares? Their using the proceeds pushes my income to a higher level than what I reported with just the cost basis and results in a hefty tax bill. 
I have an overpayment of 614 from 2014 taxes. if I owe $125 for fed taxes for this year, how do I apply my overpayment to what I owe? thank you 
I want to print out the supporting details for Schedule A, Medical expenses. Ive selected supporting details and generated a preview, but I dont see how to get it to actually print.  How do I do that? 
what if you are handicapped and have dementia and a power of attorney handles your taxes 
I prepared my nephews federal and state taxes through Turbox Tax, March 14, 2016. Im having a question about the state tax refund. At the end of this process, it shows a routing number and an account number of a financial institution, in which I didnt have the information for. It is a delay in receiving a his state tax return. The Louisiana refund information was accepted for him receiving a refund. The Louisiana State of Revenue said his refund was sent to his financial institution and will be posted to his account in 2 business days, that was about 2 weeks ago. Remember I didnt have his information for his bank. 
On my timeline there was a date that i will be recieving my refund but now it says n/a 
According to answers provided turbotax will calculate taxable amount of social security benefits. why didnt this happen in my case? 
I need to re-install Turbo Tax Home and Business software (2013 & 2014-- I have 2015 still) on my new laptop but I misplaced the disks-- I installed them and registered the products but my old laptop froze up.   How do I re-install on my new laptop? 
not received a letter or anything 
I also used Turbo Tax for filling 2010 
There is no provision to remove the extension. I'd like to amend my taxes. 
I feel they have wrongly rejected it. They say they reject it because my son has received SSN after deadline or extension. Is this correct? 
So I filed my 2015 tax return, went through everything, and I have already received my returns, I am needing to get a copy of my return at this time, ( I do know I have to pay for this), however, when logging into my account, I can see my 2014 return but my 2015 one still says "In Progress" which it should not be since I finished this months ago. 
I filed fed taxes Jan 31st, I have a large return this year because we purchased solar heating in 2015.  Anyone else getting pushed out this long before getting their return? 
also, previous years i mailed in my return but however the check received is less than what i was suppose to receive. hot to know what they pay me is correct or not 
I tried to figure out a way to contact the IRS to explain that it was a mistake, but that seems very complicated to find a way to contact them. What can I do? 
Why would I get a confirmation saying thanks for using Turbo Tax and paying your taxes thru us when obviously you guys didn't send my state taxes in 2014 and now I owe over $2000.00 in fees. I wasn't even notified that my state taxes were not being sent. What is going on? How can we fix this! 
In March of 2014, we deposited $5500 into a new Contributory IRA account for the 2013 tax year. Later the same month, we decided we should have made a Roth contribution instead (since the contribution would not be deductible because of spouses 401K and AGI limits) and they closed the account and redeposited the proceeds as a Roth contribution to a new account at the same brokerage. We did that and did not take a deduction for the 2013 tax year.We now get a letter from the IRS pointing out that the brokerage a) reported a distribution using form 1099-R of $5500 in 2014 and b) a Roth Conversion using Form 5498 of $5500 in 2014. They are asking us to pay taxes on the $5500 distribution against our 2014 tax filing.Im guessing this has to be somehow fixed now through a resubmission of the 2014 tax return, possibly using form 8606, but cannot for the life of me figure out how.Any help will be greatly appreciated. 
I recall when preparing my taxes with TUrbo tax that because my daughter was born in August it did not count basically because she didn't "live" with us for the majority of the year. so now it's bounced back because i "claimed a child that doesn't live with me" 
I received two W2-Cs as my employer did not report third-party sick pay correctly. The corrected result is no income from the insurer and the income and taxes paid were added to my employer W2. The result has a net zero effect and no change to AGI or taxes withheld. Do I need to file an amended return? 
I inherited my parents home when they passed away over 10 years ago. One of my sons lived there for a time and now another son lives there. I want to give the house to him. Do I have to pay gift tax on the value of the house?Do I pay any kind of tax like capital gains, etc.? 
What do I do 
call me at [remove] 
There is only state saved in my computer. No federal. Can't find to print 
don't know what to do!! 
I reside in New Jersey. 
Right now it has all the repayment put on MY taxes, not just half. 
I already filed my taxes for the second time and I didn't know how to fix it and I think this is why. 
I amended my Arkansas 2015 return in error.  now I cannot find or access the original 2015 return. I should have printed the 1st return when done...printer needed ink..? 
I have paid for the upgrade and still do not have access to my 2015 taxes.  There seems to be no record of my taxes being filed. 
IND-031-02 - 'PrimaryPriorYearPIN' or 'PrimaryElectronicFilingPIN' or 'PrimaryPriorYearAGIAmt' in the Return Header must match the e-File database. 
I did not receive my W2 for a while. I checked my previous home and current home, and never received anything.  I requested for it multiple times. They finally made a copy, or thats what they say. Im going to pick it up in the morning. However, is i even worth it? The deadline has very well passed. Can I still file for an extension? 
Do I qualify for a "Refund" ? Not sure what it is My job did not give me my W2. I asked for it multiple times and finally they say they have a copy. I am going to pick it up tomorrow morning...So I know I'm late for an extension but does this apply to a "refund" ? 
i can view my tax timeline on my account and i want to get hers too is that possible? 
Hello, I already filled out everything for 2015. I just didn't see the place where I can file for 2014 
Hello.  Last year I changed jobs and my new job has a retirement plan. Previous one did not.I had set up an automatic deposits to a traditional plan with Betterment and was contributing all year long.  Doing my taxes this year I received a message while entering the IRA information:"Your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) is $xx,xxx, which puts you over the limit for IRA deductions. To deduct a contribution, you can't have a MAGI of over $71,000 while being covered by a retirement plan at work."I tried calling Betterment to switch the account but they said I missed the deadline.  I am very confused as to what I should do. I am reading online about penalties for leaving it in there but can not figure out how to take it out.This is the last thing I need to do to file my taxes for 2015 (Late).  Any help would be appreciated. 
I went to print my 2015 federal return and it has a completely different total and I dont know why.  I need to recover the one that was actually e-filed.  How can I do that? 
Her amendment caused her to owe taxes.   The Treasury cashed our check for the amount owed.  How can I know if they have processed her amendment or just cashed the check? 
Ehy does my rxpeci delivery date fir my taxed say N/a 
I have the divorce decree but my return is being rejected like she claimed them.  What do I do? 
hard to place all details in the box above. I was charged for state refund when I did not want to pay for it, as I was not filing it. I thought I would be charged for actually filing, but at that point I had already indicated/selected that not filing state taxes. Therefore, how can I get my refund for the money I have been charged for the state taxes I have not filed with you? 
Several years ago YouTube started showing ads on my videos. I never provided a payment method to collect the money. I also havent checked the accumulated revenue until tonight. I have accumulated almost $500 over these years. I started filling out an electronic W-9 on AdSenses website to start the process of collecting the money. But my question is, since the money has been earned year after year, will I be penalized for not paying taxes on it for each of those years? My guess is that I am not responsible for paying income taxes on it until I receive the money, but Im not sure. 
I didn't take out loans, just paid tuition on my own. Do I get a deduction for that? It was a lot of money. 
FASFA asks for the type of tax return I filed and I can't seem to find the answer anywhere. 
It seems as if the purchase of our home hurt us more than helped? Why? I was told when you purchase a home it will help you on your taxes the following year. 
the 170,000 will be at fixed rate for 30yrs. 
what does the truck one half way down the time line.  when will i receive my return 
The state of GEROGIA flags all TURBO TAX when filled ELECTRONICLY The only way you can get a refund is to call the state after 30 or more business days I WSTED MY MONEY FILLING ELCETRONICLY 
When I go to the Upgrade button at the top of the screen, I select Home & Business and then the only option available to me is to deduct it from this year's return.  I have absolutely no desire to do this.  I want to pay you money.  Why is that such a hard concept? 
I sold all my shares in this partnership last year. Yet, Turbo Tax Premier 2015 carried over from my 2014 return all the info into Form 1040 Schedule E Part II and Form 1065 schedule K-! Part I. Can I delete these pages from my 2015 return and how? FYI as a US Citizen living abroad my final return shows no refund or debit to the IRS. 
I am trying to print my 2015 Federal Return but my state return is the only file available.  The government received my return back in March so that isn't an issue.  Not sure why I can't see it for this year because I can other years. 
When I filed on 12 April, Turbo Tax showed my return as complete, paid for, and sent. But not now. I can't pull up my returns. 
I owned shares in my employer, a private company purchased in 2015. We received most of the selling price for our shares, but there is an outstanding escrow amount of $2.75/share that may be paid out in 2016 should we meet certain requirements. How do I report the $2.75/share that I have not yet received? 
Now we were audited for it? I think that was not my fault. 
how do i do this? 
I am not working at all this year. He is paying even though his name is not on the deed or the loan. 
I did not pay for Obamacare but I did pay for my works health insurance. Do I still need to mark that I had health insurance from the marketplace? 
I did both my federal and NY returns through e-filing, but it's been 3 months and no return yet. Now that I log on, it says that my returns are ready to mail. Isn't this supposed to happen electronically? I mean they asked for my bank information to direct deposit it. If that's the case then I missed the April 18 deadline to mail it in, so what now? 
Can I down load this somewhere? 
I am buying a house and I need all that for my pre approval 
I am living with my boyfriend. 
This seems abnormally high compared previous years...Home and Biz, Va, N.C and Feds.  Where can I find my statement? 
had to amend return because we had not received our 1095-A 
We are both graduate students earning taxable stipends. Since I have always lived on campus, I file nonresident status for MA, carry a CO drivers license and vote as a Coloradan. He lives off campus and became a MA resident. Can I retain my CO residency after we get married? Would we file separately on MA taxes? Could we still file jointly on federal taxes? 
I need my tax bill drafted from my banking account. Interests is accruing and I had set up for the money to be drafted on Feb, 20, 2016. Please advice and help with this situation. My balance owed now shows 3,359.00! 
My wife and I are the only two members of our new LLC (2016). I have read in the FAQ here that we can continue to use Home & Business for future TurboTax. Do we need to declare a specific exception? Or if we live in the same common household then is that automatic? We are going to begin filing estimated tax payments, so I want to make sure there is nothing special we need to do. 
Anyone know what this means? 
I haven't receive my refund and I'm charged 34.99. Why would that happen if the tax refund is not deposit into my account. 
My employment status changed to independent contractor in March 2016 and I will make much less than I did last year 
I paid total of $102.82  and did not use the product because it kept showing me some error message when I was trying to file. I tried calling customer service several times but I would not get any answers after waiting for over an hour. 
My Federal Refund was accepted on Feb. 16th. It is May 17th and I still haven't recieved my refund. I received my State refund within 2-3 weeks. The IRS site says still being processed. I really don't know what to do to get a better status on what is going on.My return was extremely simple. Single, normal income from my job, nothing else. 
She was still in school and just recently was married in April so she should still classify as my dependent even though she filed her own taxes would someone contact me and clarify this thank you. 
I need old returns.  I need to know how far back you have returns stored.  I need them from before 2010. 
how do i print my state form 
My wife signed up for an HDHP family plan through her company after I lost my job on April 4th. I then started a new job on May 16th and am planning on switching to a family plan on my insurance (a non-HDHP) and dropping my wife's HDHP insurance. She was covered on the HDHP plan on May 1st. Is my wife still eligible to contribute 1/12th of the yearly contribution limit into her HSA account before the end of the month without having to pay any penalties or is there a rule that you must be covered by the HDHP for the entire month in order to be eligible for contributions? 
My earned income was ~$1500 for the 2015 tax year, but I have interest income from two savings accounts that total about $1800. I noticed that if you are below a certain threshold, you don't have to file taxes each year. None of the papers I have received show a positive federal income tax withheld. In addition to these forms, I have proof of health insurance coverage and a 1098-T for my scholarships given. Should I file or disregard for the 2015 tax year? 
We did not receive RMD for five years. Do we need to file revised taxes for each year or only Form 5329 for each year? 
I have already filed my 2015 tax return, but I need to print off my 2014 tax return to apply for an apartment in New York. I am willing to pay the fees but it is not clear in the instructions how to do this. 
My husband and I will be filing jointly and claiming his son this year as TX residence. We are self employed and run the company together. We both also carry separate jobs that do not offer health insurance plans. He pays health insurance premiums out of pocket for both he and his son as well as other health expenses not covered by the plan. I do not have a plan at all. We plan on filing a Schedule C for the company. Can we deduct his out of pocket premium expenses and other medical expenses incurred on the Schedule C? If so, should we add it as an owner deposit, then deduct it? Or simply deduct it as a company expense? Any other suggestions would help as Im sure Im not realizing every option. 
i have lose my w-2s and i need my refund statment to get my house 
I already received my refund. Now I do not know what to do. 
IRS says I made an epayment when I filed. I dont recall doing this. I made my payment on EFTPS. Does the TurboTax software automaticically make an epayment when I efile? 
ITS SAYING I HAVE TWO PENDING TRANSACTIONS AND MY EXPECTING DATE IS THE 20 TWODAYS AGO IT STATED MY REFUND WAS THERE AND LET ME HAVE $20 NOW IM NEG $23 WHY WHERES MY REFUND 
What do I do? 
how can I get a copy of 1040a I filed in 2014 on turbo tax 
What is the wait time in getting Kansas state refunds? I filed my taxes with turbo tax on 23 January 2016 and I am still waiting for my state refund. I will not be using turbo tax next year because no one will talk to you. 
How to go about and get answers or dispute the notice on the owing amount? What is the best advice? Thanks. 
I was a partial resident in Ohio for 2015, and now live in NC. The w2's that have local income tax are both from Ohio. I can't seem to find where this information fits. 
When I did my taxes I opted to receive a card with the money on it. I got the card but it came empty. It didn't have my refund on it. Any suggestions on who I can call or what I can do? 
I removed my son as a dependent from my federal tax but somehow it put my daughters information in at the Earned Income tax credit portion twice. I want to remove this from the line 12 of the EITC. How do I do that since it automatically fills that in? 
How do I file my other forms. 
I received a letter from the Idaho tax commission.   Instead of paying 64.00 dollars they are saying that I need to pay 428.00.   Their explanation is that I put one of the W2 twice.  What do I do now? 
What does my father pay in taxes for selling his stock to gift his children 14,000 each 
I already own the desktop version of TurboTax and have used the product for many years. 
got a notice CP63  my identy was stolen in 2014 someone else filed under my name.  Federal was not filled?  need to get this fixed ASAP! 
im unable to complete purchase of 2014 1099 
It is weird that the website says that you get a Visa card,and instead I got a Mastercard card 
Somebody told me before to use another number for international issues but that number gives me no info on my INDIVIDUAL tax return, so please, somebody, I really need help here it's almost been 17 weeks since I made my tax filind I don't know what to do anymore. 
My  information doesn't show on "Where's my refund?" and before it was being "processed" and remained being processed for 2 weeks now, but since yesterday, there's no file at all. What's going on? This is frustrating. 
I've tried the "where's my refund?" page several time and nothing.  Any phone number to the IRS I've tried has been automated and then disconnects me. Any suggestions would be appreciated. 
The letter says the premature distributions from a qualified plan are subject to a 10% additional tax. Exceptions may apply as indicated by Publication 17 or 590. I am trying to sift through these to see if I am exempt. The withdrawal was due to an involuntary layoff when I had a loan out. 
Can not access 2015 returns. 
i've been using disc on this computer can i use online now ? 
I have only received half of my refund.  Where is the other half and why haven't i received it yet? 
If I still need to pay for the upgrade, how do I do this since I didn't file my 2015 taxes with turbo tax? 
I'd like to know your charge for 2015 income tax fee.I need the receipt fot it 
I submitted requested paperwork and was informed that it was received but havent heard back. My wife is convinced it was a scam but company names match sweepstakes rules so I dont believed that. 
My checking account was compromised because the extra auto withdrawal was not expected and 5 personal checks bounced costing me an extra $140.Please help me get my refund from the IRS Tax Payment service.Miriam [remove all personal information] 
I also have a W-2 for the year that I need to add and can't determine where to add in the information for the P60- don't qualify for having lived here long enough either yet. Should I wait and file when I meet that requirement in July? 
where do I go to get the address I put when filed my 2014 ntaxes 
The Where's My Refund site said my refund was released on May 11th. I have called my bank and they do not have any pending transactions for my federal refund. I have gotten my state refund but have NOT gotten my federal refund. The site said it should have been credited by no later than May 16th and it is May 17th. Where is my refund? 
I received your answer.  The settlement is not for punitive damages.  But theya re giving me a `1099.  What do I do with that when I file my taxes. 
\n\nWe are one-income family, file a married filling joint return\nevery year. This year, my mother in law, who is living overseas; is very ill and my wife would travel abroad to stay\nand take care of her. She will be taking the kids who are currently in elementary school with her since I would not be able to\ntake care of them while I am working full time. They will enroll in school there this year. I will keep\nsending them money to cover their living and pay for my kids\nschools over there. Can I claim these expenses in my tax return?\n\n 
I intend to claim him as a dependent, and he will not make enough to have to file his own individual return. It appears I will not have to show his income nor his Roth IRA contribution on my tax return. Which makes me nervous about how it should be  properly documented. Perhaps it is safest for him to file his own return, and show that he can be claimed as a dependent on someone else's return. Thanks for your help. 
I need to open my 2015 tax form/return . I did not print it because I thought that I could open it at any time. I need to fill out a 8962 form and need to know what my AGI is exactly. I cannot find how to open my return to see my 1040. 
My husband is a builder and had a loss. I apparently checked the not at risk box which caused a carryover, I thought that I had fixed it but apparently it did not. As long as I never use the carryover, does it matter? I am just losing the use of the loss against income correct? 
I filed my tax return on Saturday, May 14, 2016 but still not received confirmation from Federal and State for acceptance 
in canada we have postal codes not zip code what do i do 
How do I get my 2014 file? 
We need to amend our 2015 Form 5329. The on-line program is not allowing me to do so (it does nothing when I press update). I filed using the IOS app using my iPad. If I am unable to update using the on-line program, how do I get the MAC program without paying additional money, since we already paid $99 to file using the iPad app. 
For some reason, I didn't input my mortgage interest and property taxes, so Turbo Tax recommended I file a 1040A.  I want to amend my return by filing a regular 1040. 
I got a scam call about taxes. Before I realized what was happening I gave out my DOB and last four SS digits and mentioned that I use TurboTax. Is there anything I need to do with TurboTax to prevent identity theft? 
I need to refile from the year before last, how do I go about this? 
all it says is "Attach the first copy or Copy B of Form(s) w-2 to the front of your form 1040. 
; 
need information to purchase a home 
Ive been doing this volunteer work at another one of their facilities very close to home.  Now this other facility would like me to do the same work for them so theyve offered to pay me per session.  That income seems like it would be reported as a 1099-misc and I initially thought the mileage to and from would be reimbursed at the volunteer rate of $0.14 / per mile.  But since the cash would essentially put it in the category of a business, Im unclear about the expense of traveling back and forth.  Does it qualify for Schedule C reimbursement or is their facility the office and there is no mileage that qualifies for reimbursement? 
I keep getting preview on the documents once downloaded. 
When I sent my State return in there was no option to decline it, just "accept" or "X" to stop everything.  I didn't want it but it was the last day from being late so I had to accept and now want a refund of $39.99. 
I wuold prefer to not use form 888 if possible, don't have a printer and am on my way out to send it all. thanks 
I understand it has to be for your principal residence...cant be for new construction...has a lifetime limit of $200 for windows...but I cant find anything that determines whether low E glass is enough to qualify.  Thank you 
My parents who live in Colombia and who are non U.S. citizens nor residents want to send me money as a gift from a U.S. bank account located in New York City. I am a U.S resident, a green card holder. We have read form 3520 and understand all it says. However, since my parents will be transferring the money from the bank in New York City to my bank account located in Texas, we wonder if that gift will still be considered a foreign gift.Any clarification on this matter will be very helpful.Thanks! 
i am waiting since April 19 to get my refund 
I submitted my complete return in mid April.  I need access  to my return so thati I can send some parts of the complete for  I failed to attach. 
Ive been planning to buy the house but this is very bad timing.  Last year I was laid off from a $100k+/yr job, the same week I went to the banks to try and buy it.   My question, what can I do to claim my income to use it for the home buying process.  Her parents will most likely waive the down payment as weve paid over 30,000 in rent over the last 2 years. 
I understand that it takes around 21 days but for direct deposits they estimate around two weeks tops. 
The account is one IRS has deposited returns into for years. 
Return was accepted on 4/11 and $$ was supposed to be withdrawn on 4/18. 
I am starting a yacht chartering business. I plan to buy a boat in which I will live on board full time and would consider my primary residence. I will also be chartering paying guests acting as captain on the boat and business owner. Can I deduct interest payments on the loan used to purchase the boat since it would be my primary residence? Can I deduct business expenses incurred in running the business(dockage fees, maintenance, supplies, etc)? Can I claim a home office deduction? Can the purchase price of the boat be considered a business expense to claim under section 179? 
I'm having a hard time paying for the plus. I just am trying to get a copy of my 2014 tax return 
Error check resulted in this re. Form 1116 (copy 12) Explanation Stm. Detailed Explanati9on - 1 must be completed. It must show the Other Deduction items for line 3B col. a 
It was brought to my attention that the amount in line 7 on my 1040A form (which is generated by TurboTax after following through the program) in 2015 did not match the added amount from my W2s. I realized that my tax return from 2014 was included in my taxable income, but I am still several hundred dollars short of the amount that was entered in line 7. If I pay for a more extensive version of TurboTax, will it show me what amounts were used to get that total for line 7 for the 2015 tax form? 
Does turbo tax access the rps service does the service ask for direct deposit info to have a return filed 
I used turbo tax deluxe edition and paid for it. where are my documents? 
I suppose because I didn't claim her as last year you assume that she is adopted?! 
I don't want to use TurboTax anymore and need to cancel my account. How can I do it?Thank you. 
My TurboTax homepage says that I might qualify to be exempt from the health insurance penalty that I paid--I did not know I paid one. I have been abroad all year and shouldn't have a penalty. I thought I didn't, but now my account says I did. How do I know if I did? 
this account is for a different person 
Would love to be able to speak to someone on the telephone to be able to better solve my problem, if i could get a phone number please? 
I have my girlfriend and daughter living with me for the last 6 years. My girlfriend doesn't work and I provide way more than half the financial support for the child. I want to claim my stepdaughter, so to speak, but her dad pays for her medical insurance as its in the divorce decree. The IRS is telling me that I cant claim her without providing proof that I pay for or provide her medical insurance. I talked to the IRS and they seemed even confused over their own laws. Is there anyone else dealing with this situation as its very strange to be a provider full time but get told that you cant get a tax credit because of medical insurance even though there is nothing I can do about that. 
I am looking to get my 2014 tax returns. I believe I have to upgrade to do so? 
(Apparently, someone used my wife's social security number to file a tax return before we did.  We got a PIN this year to prevent that.) 
the response on my question about the refund a few days ago was that it was there "2days ago", but is still not on the Netspend card 
State of Ohio said that I can't file electronically this year as a result, need Turbotax filing fee refunded. 
My federal refund was supposed to be $4,551.00 but I only got $4,198.69 deposited into my account (a difference of $352.31).  TurboTax fees were $116 paid by bank draft so I'm just wondering why I lost some of my refund?  I have not gotten any letters in the mail from the IRS or any other entity saying that some of my refund would be garnished.  Does Turbo Tax get any notification when that happens?  If so, why was I not notified? 
since already paid for 2015 how can I get taxes for 2013 
why cant i get my prior tax returns when i have used the same account the last few years. 
I'm trying to help out my friend by watching her 4 children while her and her husband are at work. I am a stay at home mom and my husband claims me and our children as dependents. Is there a monthly limit or amount that she claim without me having to pay a lot in taxes? So she can claim the childcare credit but then I only have to pay a small amount or none at all in taxes when we file next year. I did it a few years back with my sister and I can't remember what the amount was or is. 
please response me in this email <dhakal.contact@gmail.com> or 6515001096 
We been through a divorce and need a copy of our 1040 from 2013.  We now have separate accounts with turbo tax.  How can we get a copy? 
I feel like I've tried the answers that are already on the site but none seem to cover what I need or I'm not understanding.... 
did i use Turbo Tax to file 2014 taxes 
I need to modify page two because of an updated 1095-A from the Insurance Marketplace. 
Yes I need a phone number to call you so this can be taken care of. 
Please help! 
I clearly entered my credit card info. WHY did my PA tax not get paid? Now PA is billing me with a penalty! 
Can you please give me more details on this matter? Also, if needed, can I use my HSA money in India for medical purposes? What records I have to maintain? 
Also we live in Texas and the medical support is being drop by court order in the next month or so. 
I've been a victim of identity theft before so I filed by mail ? 
This is for my wife. She filed late last year so I heard putting "0"in AIG might solve this? 
Form 1099-Q box 1 gross dist. is less than billed, why would I be taxed for this amount? 
i am applying for financial aid but it asks that i look on a IRS form on line 37 but i did my taxes through turbo tax and dont have any paper or documents to look these items up. 
In this question, the following has ALREADY happened:1) IRS sent money to CVista, the ACH time period passes2) CVista (the Ohio bank tt uses) receives and credits actual funds in "my" temporary account3) CVista deducted the feesWhen will CVista will electronically initiate the ACH transfer of the balance of my refund to my bank (the bancorp bank). How long before funds ARE ACTUALLY ELECTRONICALLY SUBMITTED via ACH for final deposit in my bank account? 
When I sign in, it is acting as if I am filing a new return - there is not a button to press to access my rejected return. Please help! Thank you 
I've known 2014 had been rejected and I owe $$ on it, but found out that has been rejected as early as 2013. Think I finally fixed the issue, how do I go back and resubmit files. 
should get earn credit 
No information from Louisiana has been mailed and it's been over 100 days since I filed my Louisiana state taxes on turbotax.  I live in Texas. 
I have e-filed my tax return but requested by IRS to provide copy of 1095-A and 8962 which I previously did not have.  I have read all your online help files such as this one below.  But after I either Amend or tried to save as a new file, the health care screen would not pop out a question related to Obama care.  I know its right there but I just cannot get to that screen.  Please tell me what to do.https://images.turbotax.intuit.com/iqcms/support/lib/Lee%20Ferris/2015_%20IRS_%20letter_8962_CD_Down... 
I want my timeline to show I filed my taxes for 2015. I have no clue why It is making me start over. 
Don't know if its a known problem or if they are keeping our money or what. Just been so long and don't know what went wrong we filed through turbo tax last year and got it in a couple of weeks and thought it would go good again and now me and my wife have lost everything waiting for the money... 
On my return I stated that I had Health Coverage Through the Affordable Healthcare Act however I did not receive a tax form from them so I filed without filling in my healthcare information. I received a letter from the IRS stating that if I do not call my health insurance to send me a copy of my form and file it then the IRS will deduct extra from my federal tax return. I chose to not file my healthcare form so I expect my federal refund to be deducted for this decision however I havent seen any deductions and I havent received my federal refund yet. 
When I filed my taxes I chose direct deposit. My account is no longer open. IRS website states they issued my refund to my bank on May 11th 2016. Do I need to do anything to be issued a paper check and how long will it take to recieve? Thank you. 
I am self-employed and work from home. Our home is a rented property. I believe I can deduce the % of my home that is used as a dedicated office. Where do I enter in that information? 
I need to know if my refund was approved or not. why i get this message on the wheres my refund site 
Bryan and Sabrina  are the names of the returns 
Dear community, I need your opinion on the following\nquestion I am having. After filing my 2015 taxes I discovered two small issues\non my return. I earlier posted questions about these in this community. I wonder\nif any/all of these issues combined is a reason to amend my return? Correcting\nthese issues does not make a difference in taxes, no change to my tax refund at\nall.Refer to two of my former posts:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3353957-duplicate-lines-generated-by-turbotax-on-form-8965-part-ii...andhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3357639-bona-fide-residence-test-forced-to-enter-minimum-of-1-day-...I wonder if any/all of these issues combined is a reason to\namend my return? Your opinion on this issue is highly appreciated.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThank you 
i just got it how do i admen my tax form 
I need a copy of my 2014 tax return.  Is that possible? 
I need a copy of my 2015 taxes... asap!HELP!!! 
On the question "This child is..." only the adopted or foster options are active. 
I need to access my 2010, 2011 tax returns from my old account with a different email address. I reset password  using old email account but not showing old returns. 
I need my W-2s from the last 2 years. The "All Forms and Worksheet" option for the past tax year provides that, but previous years do not have that option listed. 
Im a TX resident, but for the last 10 weeks (all in 2016) I have driven to a temp (contract) job in MO 4 days/week. I work remote on Friday, and 1 week a month. How is it legal for MO and KC to tax people without giving them representation?The good news is that Im about to start another job in TX, so I wont have to keep driving to MO. But, according to what Ive read, MO wants me to report all of my income to them - including what I earn after I leave that job.Also, Im about to get divorced, so theoretically my tax rate will increase.  How do I report that?Basically, I dont like paying taxes to a state I dont live in, and have no representation.Is there a state or federal tax credit I qualify for? 
No details in the call no phone number to call. Also i thought if there were discrepancies turbo tax would alert me. 
I do NOT need my turbotax receipt 
I need a loan. I need to know if their is a certain amount that has to be saved before you can ask for a loan. 
My daughter claimed herself  and I did also. My tax return was rejected. She amended her return and resent it. Now I want to resend my rejected return with my daughter as a dependant. how do I do that. 
I can not find my return on this site I printed out my finished form. 
How long does it take to get a transcript 
It is not where I was told it would be. please help 
Why isn't there a LIVE representative that I can talk to??? 
It says I must get started.  I have already filed and gotten my refund 
When I did my 2015 taxes, Turbotax said "For both types of 529 plans, contributions are not tax-deductible; however, you never have to pay tax on the income your investment earns each year."My 529 says that I can deduct $4000 a year for Virgina State income Tax. see linkhttp://www.virginia529.com/features-and-benefits/tax-advantaged/index.php 
She was on unemployment most of the year. She did rely on her boyfriend (they arent married that's why son was removed from his return, plus they seen she filed a return) and myself to help support her and her kids. One is mine, the other is his. Since he can't claim my son, and she's already filed(by the way her return went to her student loans) can I claim him and file HOH or does she have to amend her return and could she file HOH. If she did would it all go to her student loans? And here's another twist our divorce isn't final and we r not legally separated, but have not lived together in 3 years. 
My mortgage lender is concerned about the discrepancy between my tax return direct deposit and the amount reflected in my return.  I know that this is due to the TurboTax fee, but I cannot find the receipt to reflect that and am unable to print it out from my TurboTax account. 
how much state taxes would i get if i made 1200 nd the state took 250 out,, igot 1100 from federal  ut ther sayin 160 from state is tht correct anyone help me? 
i havent seen it posted on the IRS.gov website , or received anything in the mail , nor do i know when it will be sent to me.  It was mailed out to them at least 3 or more wks ago, i took it to the post office , so wouldnt get lost.  when should i hear back 
When I attempt to get help from audit support, it will only allow me to enter federal IRS info. Whats up? 
what were my property taxes reported for 2015 
He needs a copy and when I go onto my account only mine comes up. 
Do SSI payments to my daughter make her self supporting? 
I filed 2010 taxes using turbotax but did not submit state taxes. is there a way I can do that now? and I cant find my w2 so is it possible the information is still in the system 
Not sure how to answer the percentage of coverage questions. 
Hello, I purchased a home in 2015 and replaced the fence around the parameter.  The cost was about $8000; is this something I can get a credit for? 
my birthdate is  you keep rejecting it.. I want to pay my $507.  December  Maybe you guys want date first but I dont think so  I also fixed this months ago (personal info removed) 
I filed in January of 2016 and I have received my federal return but I got a letter in the mail from the franchise tax board saying that they can not find any information from my social security number that I even filed for my 2015 taxes. I just went onto my account here and there is nothing in my tax timeline saying I did taxes. 
return information only.  I do not see how to continue. 
I probably didn't save it, but I am having hard time getting an electronic pdf copy 
It is more than 6 weeks that my mailed tax refund was delivered to IRS office. I checked my status online and on the automated phone call, but no status available. I want to know how I can check about the status, whether my tax return delivered properly and is under processing, etc. I need a phone number to call and talk directly (no automated response). Thanks. 
We received a stipend then decided to pay it back, which made it turn into an no interest loan.  Therefore, the stipend is no longer 1099 income.  We got the stipend for 5 months of last year, and are going to pay it back this year, so we still got a 1099 income form, but it is no longer income. How do we file that? 
I filed my last years taxes old school style with pen and paper. I seriously doubt I did as thorough a job as TurboTax would have done and I now regret it. As well, I just received something from the state reminding me to file my state taxes for that same year, which I had not done.I would now like to use TurboTax (if possible) to refile my previous years federal return to see if I missed some things and my state return also.Is this something easily achieved in TurboTax?Are there any special steps that I need to follow, or is it simply entering the numbers into the return as I would do normally? 
I upgraded to home and business... I am an independent contractor, but I don't own a business 
I e-filed the 2015 Federal return, but have not yet e-filed the California return.I then ammended the  2015 Federal return and TurboTax generates a California  540x. I still need to submit a 540x(California amended) even though I have never submitted a State return in the first place?Is that correct? 
Used Turbo Tax last year and this, and need for a loan 
This dates back to March 3rd.  IRS has not been helpful.  Need to know what account monies were deposited. 
How do I start? 
nys audited me. 
I took an HSA Distribution just now and want to make sure I reserve part of it for the taxes and penalty that I will owe on it when I file my 2016 tax return.  How should I calculate that amount? I expect a 20% penalty . Additionally, is there a way for me to file this now so I don't have to worry about it later, or do I need to wait for the end of the year? 
i have a Roth  but having a hard time rolling it over because its only 786.35 what should i do to invest or get penalized ? 
I filed pretty early had everything accepted February 15th. I called 21 days later when I still didnt have my refund, and they said something happened/it would be 8 more weeks. Fast forward to almost the end of MAY and I still havent gotten it! I tried calling a while ago and they started to quiz me on my past taxes and I didnt know an answer so they told me to order a transcript. Both the online transcript order and the automated phone order tell me that there was a problem with my request and dont allow me to get transcripts sent. And now I keep calling and keep getting the automated hang up (due to the high volume and the nature of your call blah blah). Please someone help I am so flustered and this is my first time really doing tax stuff :( 
When I select the year from my timeline, I get this message: Oops, it looks like you need to pay first before you can download and print your prior year returns. Then I follow the directions and upgraded to PLUS (which is now greyed out), but every time I try to access the view/print feature, I'm told I haven't paid yet 
Has been a while since the day I signed out for my taxes refound (January 19) and till now I still having no answer about them. In the home page shows that them have been accepted, but when I go to IRS said that still in process. I'm worried because I did the process with my group (about 12 people) and most of them received the check (some of them did it just one month ago, and they got it already)Is there any way you can help me to find out what is happening? 
I do not have my own check book. 
I need to start a new tax return for 2014 
I paid 94.98 for TurboTax online.....did I already pay to e-file? 
I don't know what's happening. I have never had a problem  before. I have used Turbo tax many times. 
I filled an extension for the first time this year and for some reason my prior year information such as dependents isnt showing. My husband is the primary income earner but it seems to think I am 
tell me how to pay you and I would be glad to do so!!!!!! 
I can not find my 2015 document 
My ex husband and I legally separated in May and I moved to my own home.  He moved out December 2014, but he and I were still on the mortgage together.  I only claimed my portion of daycare expenses, but did not claim my son as a dependent.  I was unaware I needed to file the form 8332 until he went to file his taxes a few weeks later.  Upon that realization, I sent the form in (I had already received my refund).  My exs tax return got denied yet a second time.  Im aware it can take up to 16 weeks for the paperwork for the 8332 to process, which would put that sometime in July.  My questions are:- Will I receive correspondence informing me that the paperwork was filed?- If after the paperwork is filed, and my ex still cannot claim my son, can I amend my return to claim him this year?  - What did I do wrong (other than not file the 8332)?  - Is there anything I can do to expedite this process?I followed the prompts from TurboTax that said it was okay to claim daycare, even though I wasnt claiming my son as a dependent.  Im extremely frustrated and just trying to fix this all.  Thank you all for your time.\n 
can I deduct and deposit in SEP IRA this year up until my birthday in September? 
I don't see the option to print my 2015 returns... 
How would one find out the previous years filing PIN? 
What lm wondering is if she takes lump sum of $60K, is tax taken off the top. Or do we hold back and pay in April? Also, how much would we lose? Thx. 
The school loans I paid interest on are from when I attended schools in CA. 
I am single with one bank account, one RRSP account, and employment income. 
Im trying to print off my tax information from when I filed but it seems to be missing within my account. IT keeps asking me to select a product but no history 
I just need an updated page 2 of my return not an amended return. Can I get this by amending my return in Turbo Tax? 
it shows start my 2015 taxes but i did it through turbo tax and got my refund why i can not find it? 
I was audited on my 2013 Tax return. I need to move business expenses from a Schedule C to a Form 1065, How do I do this with Turbotax? 
received a letter saying I could pay my back taxes through efile through turbotax 
For the first time ever, I had to pay, but my income is VERY limited.  I owe just over $1000.  I misunderstood the instructions and applied for a payment plan on the IRS website, and was approved for $90 a month, and requested that it be withdrawn on the 15th.  That hasn't happened yet.  So I came on turbotax website to look at the documents and see if I made a mistake.  There I discovered vouchers attached to my return, with a payment listed on them for $266 - WAY more than I can afford to pay at one time, and I don't have any idea where they came from or what they're about.  Now it's 05/18 and I'm terrified I'm going to be in trouble with the IRS and I don't know what to do! 
We received Account Adjustment Notice (DTF-160) from NY State. It said that they cannot verify our claim for a Real Property Tax Credit. We did not care the amount of adjustment so, we did not respond for it. Now, they sent us the letter asking for additional documentation. Do we have to respond for it even if we do not want to any additional refund from them? Is this any kind of audit? The letter have the form number DTF-973.81-OPls advise. 
I also cannot upgrade to PLUS. 
Should I ask my wife to apply for SSN now? and I can wait to file the return for next 1-2 weeks? 
how come i cant see 2015 tax year when i filed with turbotax 
Apparently the State Dep't of Taxes knew this was a problem and never paid refunds to those impacted.  The TurboTax State return defaults to having received the refund already and owing the state.  Since we never received a refund, we don't owe, but we cannot correct the error. 
In 2013 my mother made an account for me and filed my taxes. I did not know I already has an account made when I went to file for 2014 so I made a new one. I have my 2014 and 2015 taxes filed on the second account and I just paid for the upgrade to access my older documents from 2014. Now I need my 2013 tax documents and I don't want to have to pay for the upgrade again. Is there anyway the accounts can be combined or to add my 2013 documents can be added to my new account? Thanks 
Mother and I are separated and not friendly most of the time.  She is only concerned with getting money for herself and doesn't care much for our child and is only using her as leverage to get as much money as possible from myself and the government. I want to make sure she is kept honest and does everything by the book. She's already tried to pull a few fast ones in court and with taxes and medical coverage. 
I was asked for an income verification: federal income tax filing (w2 forms do not qualify). Where can I attain this / a copy of it? 
I used turbotax this year. I couldn't find the tax return on my bank account so I signed in turbo tax again, and I recognized mine was rejected. I tried to fix it but I couldn't get IRS #.I asked to CPA, and he said, I used  1040-NR(Non Residence Tax Return) last year so I cannot use turbo tax this year, either.But already I used turbotax and time frame is closed.What can I do for now? 
the website still says Ready to Mail in the Federal Return Status area.  They were mailed on April 15th. 
When going to Deductions & Credits tab under Federal taxes there is no Explore on my own tab. How do I get there? 
Is Turbo Tax liable for error. 
In the final review step, it is saying fields on the work sheets are incomplete, Line 14 column d and h  and i.  They are all related to stock options (grant date, FMV on grant date, price paid to exercise, etc.) that don't apply to ESPP. 
I recently claimed my daughter on my 2015 tax return. Her mother and I were together at the time living under the same roof. We've recently broke it off and now she is demanding half of the return I was awarded from the IRS. Am I legally allowed to keep the money I received since I am the one that claimed her first? I had the highest adjusted gross income in our household at the time and I was paying 99% of the bills. 
Tax year 2014, Im domiciliary parent and have joint custody. We had no agreement on who could claim. I pay for all expenses, school tuition, health/dental insurance, take them to all their appts, they attend school in the city I live, they were always in private school, attending the same school as pre divorce. I work weekend nights where I can make the most money because I had to pay for everything, he refused to help, at that time we were in process on litigation for child support, etc. Since I work nights, wouldnt it be how many days they spent with me? Got audited for 2014 because ex claimed my son and so did I. 
The financial aid at my college noticed there was a $4600 difference between what was sent to the IRS and the W2's I sent to them. One of my W2's was imported so I want to be able to see each dollar amount for each W2 I entered when I filed to see where the problem occurred. 
I already have federal and state tax form filled (not using TurboTax). Will you help prepare M1PR form? 
Well I filed with turbo tax.  I received an e-mail from IRS that they accepted the return.  for several months they said they were processing it. Then they wanted another copy, I sent them one.  That's the last I heard.  I tried to go on their "where is my refund",  they (IRS) could not find my return. 
My brothers father left them a few months ago. My mom gets SSI but that hardly gets them by so I help support both my brothers. Their father doesn't. If I claim them on my tax return and their father does too can he get into trouble or will I? 
Most of my income this year will be wages, with adequate withholdings as usual. However, I may sell some ISO stock that will increase my AGI by a large fraction, without any tax being withheld. If I do sell, Id have a large income item without withholding. If I dont sell, Id incur (smaller) AMT. Regardless, I need to make estimated payments.I assume that if I sell everything say in December, using the annualized income installment method, I only need to make one estimated payment for that one quarter, cause all my previous withholdings  per quarter are sufficient. Is that correct?If I dont sell, I need to pay regular estimated tax based on AMT, which I assume cannot be made into annualized income.Is there any reasonable way to resolve this situation without deciding on whether to sell now? Is IRS penalty large? I am willing to pay it if its just 3% interest - it might be cheaper than a tax lawyer (I am relatively adept at doing my own complex taxes, but this whole estimated taxes business is one hot mess even without ISOs - I am getting married to a person who had multiple jobs including non-W2 this year, and I have moved states, might as well let IRS do the work ;)) 
I have already completed the business tax return using Turbotax Business and created the required k-1s. Do I now have to purchase turbotax again in order to complete my personal taxes? 
The IRS said I didnt list some interest income (this is true I had some bonds mature I wasnt aware of) but they also said I miscalculated my child tax credit, my mortgage insurance deduction, and didnt have evidence for a certain amount of  student loan interest. I need a copy of my 2014 taxes or at least the amount of my adjusted gross income and I need to know what Turbo Taxs policy is in standing by your work.  I mean all I did was follow your prompts, answer questions, and then arrived at the taxes I owed.  Does Turbo Tax offer its customers any help with an issue like this?  It certainly may be that I made a mistake, but what does Turbo Tax do if it the problem is a mistake on your part?  Thanks for your help with this.  I look forward to hearing from you.  My e-mail is <removed> and phone is <removed>. 
Reject Code R0000-902-01 
When I log in to TurboTax it gives a welcome message. It seems by default it is the first person on the tax return. It is so annoying because in my case, it is not my husband it is me. Taxes suck enough without having to be welcomed to TT by husband's name. There should be a way to select whose name should show up on that screen. 
I still have not received my federal return due to my checking account number being wrong, need to update to the correct information. 
I already entered W2s and some deductions but there were some things I didn't have access to before the 2015 filing deadline.   Is that progress saved on Turbotax? 
I forgot to include my Restricted Stock sales in 2014. How do I go back and modify that? I sold shares to cover taxes so I should only be paying capital gains which is minor. 
The amount sent to IRSb was what TT said I owed.  Why is IRS asking for more.?  I also have a penalty for failure to pay estimated tax, which was not even in the mix. 
I got a email saying my refund was accessed. I don't understand what that means. 
I'm trying to get my 2015 transcripts but when I log on it tells me that I still haven't finished filing. I filed on March 16. Refund was 169 after feesDon't recall seeing my refund in my account yet. 
I need to talk with a respresentative of TURBO, contact telephone number 
I have already filed my taxes for 2015 and received a return, but when I log on it says I still need to complete my return. Please help. 
Originally both my tax filing and my mothers were accessed with my mothers email which is [PII removed] 
Payment was supposed to be deducted from my bank account automatically. 
or you can call me at [remove] anytime, please call or send me a number to call TurboTax. 
Mturk is a crowd sourcing platform that allows you to complete simple tasks from different "requesters" like transcription, tagging photos of people and things, website QA's and academic research surveys.  Each task pays between 1 penny and upward of 50 dollars for large transcriptions.  Amazon does not deduct taxes from the money you move from your "mturk" account into your bank account. 
My income is basically SS and Pensions for 2016 but 2015 had IRA redemptions etc 
I filed a joint return with Turbo Tax in 2014.  Its not showing in my timeline and I need to print my tax 1040 for a mortgage 
I tried to upgrade just so I can print it off but that didn't work either 
How can I get to the 2014 tax year on turbo tax? 
We filed 2 weeks late because of getting our tax identity stolen so need for new electronic signature PIN.   Re sent state and Federal 5/1/16.  State took money out of my account electronically, but Fed did not.   Can you see any issue with what we did or how can we identify if Fed is just being slow?  I get concerned when they do not take what I owe. 
I'm doing my mother's taxes and she has a PTR2 booklet. How would she file? 
Now I am supposed to repay the amount I received for Obama Care. I don't have the money and don't know why I get to pay for this plus the Medicare fees I pay each month. I am so confused. Thank you in advance. 
The IRS says it could be a glitch or something on the program. I have already paid for this and would like it sorted please. 
Im afraid of being arrested for fraud or something. I want to give the money back and ill have to make payments on what they kept. What can i do, i dont want to be arrested. hellppp! 
Please reply back to my email [PII Removed] 
Turbo tax was used. I can't seem to log in for 2014 
TurboTax incorrectly computes taxed owed to New York State under the following conditions: person lives in New Jersey; works in New York; collects a non-New York State pension. TurboTax populates line10 of New York IT-203 with the pension amount from line 16b of Federal form 1040. Within IT-203 the NY tax owed is computed on all income including the pension at the higher tax rate and then reduced by a factor (income actually earned in NY divided by the total income from all sources). The result is a tax on the pension, prohibited by federal law, P.L. 104-95, which states that "No State may impose an income tax on any retirement income of an individual who is not a resident or domiciliary of such State."TurboTax needs to fix this flaw because thousands of its customers are over-paying taxes to New York State. 
The section 179 deduction will give the farm a negative taxable income but there is additional earned income, wages earned off the farm--that more than cover the deduction. 
I'm logged in and when I click Taxes- my timeline it links to a page wanting me to file. I have submitted and received my tax return- and i paid for the service. 
my husband is receives SSA and I'm working, he owes child support and I don't want them to keep my refund 
Just need to know why this has happened to me the 2nd year in a row with Turbo Tax? 
How will i encash it here? 
I did receive my state refund 
I lived in the house in Florida for over five years as my primary residence, so I know that for federal taxes, I will not owe for capital gains. However, I am not sure if Maryland will tax me on the capital gains. thank you! 
Is it possible to do so without upgrading my account? 
from 2014 and 15 
I know amounts over 14,000 per person. 20,000 per couple ? 
If I have an INC set up as a S corp (we started in Jan 2016), I am 51% shareholder and my husband is 49%.I dont pay myself (because we have been in business only this year) and only pay my husband. I only want to us to have 2 income or 2 w2, just one w2.  Is that possible?  When year end comes, how do I distribute the income me at 51% and him at 49%?  Will the distribution be count as income (for example if we were to rent a place, will they look at the K1 as income and add it as additional income PLUS the w2 wages?).Thank You 
seems fraudulent email having attachment asking for my social security no and birthdate on a CRA like template but email source is invalid and this deception should be reported to CRA 
will I need to amend and include what I paid to IRS for my balance owed? 
I just got a letter from them saying I didn't pay, but I thought because me state e-file was accepted that meant I did 
I forgot to file 2014 taxes but did 2015. Will I be able to itemize and get all credits and deductions like I did for 2015.??. 
For the past 3-5 months I've had to use uber to get to & from work. Is there a tax write off for using this type of transportation? 
I contacted with you a few days ago because my refound was lost. I tryed to call a few minutes ago to the phone number that you gave me in a email (800-829-1040) but my phone said me that he numbers does not exist so please contact me as quickly as possible.Thanks 
I forgot to file a W2 from one of my jobs in 2014.  I received a letter last month from the IRS and they are wanting me to pay back way more than I received.  Can I amend my taxes from 2014 still? 
VA had just garnished wages for $1,600. My worry is that I may only be able to get a refund going back three years and this was for 2012 taxes. 
Seems like a technical issue... 
I am thinking of paying off my mortgage by selling off my individual stock investments.  But am worried of tax consequences both with regards to capital gains taxes and mortgage interest tax deduction.  I have several stocks with very large unrealized gain.  But I would like to pay off my mortgage too.  Is there any online resource that will help me to calculate the net tax liability for such a scenario? Thanks 
i cant find my taxes this year 
I filed jointly with my ex but we were only considered common law married, he owed back paid child support and the majority of the gross income for 2015 was from me. what can i do? 
I filed my tax returns on April 6th. I had to mail the returns myself.  It is now May 19th and still no refund in my account.  Where can I check on the status. 
I got the following in the mail. I believe it to be a scam.Dear Jacqueline [Removed] We want to advise you about an issue in TurboTax that affects your 2015 Vermont state tax return.  Due to an error in TurboTax, some Vermont taxpayers who itemized their deductions (using Schedule A on their federal return) have filed an incorrect Vermont tax return.  Although weve fixed the issue in TurboTax, you will need to amend your state tax return and may also need to pay additional taxes due.  We apologize for the inconvenience. How do I amend my return?You can quickly and easily amend the return yourself by following the directions below. If you need assistance amending your return, or would like us to help you amend, please call us at [Removed] (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT) to reach an agent who is prepared to assist you with this issue.  The Vermont Department of Taxes will waive penalty and interest for any amended return and payment received on or before June 30, 2016.How to amend your return:For instructions to amend your return, click here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3360430-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions-amend-instructions.How do I pay any additional amount due?  TurboTax will help you determine any additional amount owed. If you owe the state money, you will need to make a payment.  You should mail your check with your amended return to Vermont Department of Taxes, PO Box 1500, Montpelier, VT 05633. Note:  Even if you have no additional amount due, Vermont still wants you to mail the return to them.Remember to keep a copy of your amended state return in your tax files.  A few important notes:  Our Guarantees:  If Vermont assesses any penalties or interest as a result of this error, TurboTax will reimburse you directly per our Accuracy Guarantee. Additionally, Intuit stands behind the TurboTax Satisfaction Guarantee.  If for any reason you are not satisfied with TurboTax, we will refund your purchase price.   Privacy and Security Note: TurboTax will never ask you to provide your personal information or open any attachments from our emails.  Per our Privacy Policy, any time we ask you to do something with your tax return, we will communicate with you personally either by email or telephone using mutually shared information for verification.Were here to help if you have questions or need assistance.  Again, you can call us at [Removed] (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT) to reach an agent who is prepared to assist you with this issue.  Tell the agent youre calling about: 2015 Vermont: Itemized Deductions. We apologize if this situation applies to you.   Bob Meighan VP, TurboTax  2015 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, the Intuit and TurboTax logos are registered trademarks and/or service marks of Intuit Inc. in the United States and other countries. Intuit Inc., Customer Communications, 2800 E. Commerce Center Place, Tucson, AZ 85706.CMC#: 35789 
Will you call me at [Removed] 
I can't access my 2014 tax documents even though I know I used Turbo Tax (I have e-mails showing my successful submission via Turbo Tax in 2014).  When I go through the prompts to try and retrieve the back year I get to a point that it says, "You have more than one user ID. You may have filed your return under a different user ID. We can help you identify your ID(s) and get you signed in with the correct one."I have gone through the steps that they have asked me to and have identified the different ID's I've used but this still has not allowed me to find my 2014 tax information.I need your help.  Thanks. 
I am in the US on a work visa. Here is a timeline of events:1) 2014 - Got married and my wife didn't have an SSN at that point2) April 2015 - I filed for extension since I wasn't ready to file my 2014 returns 3) Nov 2015 - I filed my 2014 federal returns along with an ITIN application for my wife4) Nov-Dec 2015 - The ITIN application was rejected (because of our visa status at that time) and a few days later I received a CP-12 notice from IRS indicating that my tax returns was updated. Instead of using 2 exemptions, they used 1 exemption for the calculation and processed my returns. My refund was less than expected because of this.5) Dec 2015 - My wife got her SSNI still haven't filed my 2014 state returns. I was initially waiting for my federal return to be processed and then forgot about my state returns.Since my federal return was adjusted by the IRS, how can I reflect that in Turbo Tax? Should I send an adjusted 1040 while filing the state returns or send the original with a copy of CP-12?Thank in advance for responding! 
Can I file by myself or is it too hard to do ? 
How do I call you? 
I've already filed my 2015 taxes but when I go to my tax timeline it does not show me that I have done them. I'm looking to ammend this years return. 
Hi,my partner didn't receive his state refund. Should we follow up with turbotax or with the IRS directly? The problem is, we are currently in New Zealand and do not have access to a phone to call international. Can someone please help? Thank you. 
Im paying mum weekly rent and money for kids keep & asked her for bank details to setup direct debit for my own proof of my payments to her. She refused & now I know its cause she planned on claiming the benefits all along. Surely my permission is needed 
how can I just print it out and mail my refund in now 
Did online Easy for on 04/19/2016 and it was received and excepted by the IRS.  Was told electronic filings will take 21 days, but I tried calling the IRS and was told by a recorded msg. just like they do online, that it was still in process, and that they will post the date when it was completed. 
Will this most likely increase my taxes?   What are the issues?  Thanks 
I can't see for what reasons the FED reduced our return; there's no explanation - here, or elsewhere - including the IRS website.  Also cannot get back to my return docs here on the site 
I'm trying to download it but it won't let me upgrade to PLUS. 
I received a notification from IRS that my 2014 return had been filed incorrectly due to a 1099-K not having been added. The situation is slightly complicated however it is definitive that the notification was sent in response to an error on Paypals part. I have two different PayPal accounts, one of which had a total of 191 transactions for the year, my other PayPal account was created simply in order to receive transactions from myself and separate business and personal accounts.. This secondary account got marked for having 11 transactions for the year, pushing my total number to over 200 and therefore creating the need to list the 1099-k for third party transactions on the years taxes (specifies a need if over 20,000 dollars or 200 total transactions). I have a log of all my transactions for both accounts, and from the secondary account (and in some cases also on the primary) it is showing transactions to and from myself as valid to be counted as a part of the 200 threshold which necessitates filing if exceeded. How do I go about resolving this issue to the IRS? During that year I had never received any 1099 from PayPal, and even now when the total exceeds 200 transactions, it does so based on an error.. Personal transactions (such as "sending money to a friend" through PayPal are NOT supposed to be listed as valid.. The IRS is asking for nearly $9k after penalty fees for incorrect filing are added, I don't want to get stuck paying that based on something PayPal has filed improperly.  Any help would be much appreciated. Thank you 
Wife= $105,454me   = $4056+4681+24388 
How to restart the process from scratch? 
I filed my 2014 Tax Return with Turbo Tax in February of 2015.  Everything was good at that time and have already received refunds.  Today, May 19, 2016 I received a corrected 1099-R for that tax year, 2014 and now need to file to amend the 2014 taxes.  My question is how do I bring up my 2014 tax year tax forms to amend them? 
Said to expect $530 in federal and $230 in State. I git $466 on the newly activated card. NetSpend card. 
I asked federal tax refund 2 months ago, but I didnt get anything. I only get NY state refund. They accepted March 1. Whats happen? Please let me know. Thank you. 
I over-used my laptop for writing my master thesis. I graduated in 9/15. As a result, my laptop broke. I bought a new laptop in 10/15. Is my new laptop tax deductible? I used the new laptop for finding a new job. If I cannot deduct it because of school, can I deduct it because of job search? If so, where can I insert the amount? 
I filed without claiming caring for at least half of income for two other people. I filed individual no deductions for years I had others I took care of. Can I now amend these taxes or not? 
...if you have the price taken out of your refund, you have to pay Turbo Taxes bank a courtesy fee of nearly $40.00.  It cost me an additional $6 fee from my prepaid credit card to find out who the heck charge me card in excess of $31.  $29.95 plus tax.  Should be something in there about misleading a consumer, but were all just patsys for the US government now. 
I have a carryover loss on a rental property from 2013.  When amending my 2014 tax forms I need to find the Turbo Tax form Carryovers to 2014 Smart Worksheet to be sure I carry over the correct amount. 
rental property is usually a loss   joint 2014   2015 filing single but own rental jointly how do I 50% for the loss? 
There was a SSN mistake on a W2 that took forever to get corrected.  We need to finish our 2014 return, but cannot access the Deluxe version we already paid for. 
I want to add a 2016 gift to a charity on my charity list.  Box to select Charity is greyed out.  WHY??? 
how do I get access to it without filing my return? 
Please provide me the pdf file of my tax returns 
found the account number on line 76d is not the number I entered. Can anyone tell me why? 
Filing taxes independently after sharing healthcare plan with mother and sister. 
Filed about 201916 through you by mail. Rejected. 040116 letter from IRS suggested filing of 123115 which indicated no signature. Impossible because I did not have W2 so fraud is suspected. Overseas filing in Brazil. Contact at [Removed]. I faxed Fed and State taxes to brother in USA to mail so fraud occurred through your website or internet. 
Hi Guys!I had first filed my taxes sometime in first week of april. Suddenly I realized that I had an incorrect SSN in my W2. So I asked my employer to issue me a W2C. This had to take a while so I applied for an extension (through TurboTax) and it was accepted. Then I got my W2C and I filed my taxes online. They were accepted by IRS (according to TurboTax). Now suddenly today I received 5071C and I have no clue for which tax filing is this for. What should I do? This is the first time I am filing taxes in states. Thanks for help in advance! 
You've got to ad sorting to the dividend payers. Having 40 or more dividend paying stocks is a pain in the ass to enter. 
My daughter is applying for financial aid and they need to see my 1099 or schedule C for tax and income purposes. I did not make more than about 4K last year being self employed. How do I get those forms? Thanks 
Yes I only have a home I don't have a business and I only have a very little income coming in and I can see me paying you maybe 39.00 but not no 139.00 I don.t have that kind of money I'm sorry to say 
I have not done this for several years 
how do i locate from website? 
If I only start renting out my property mid-year, do I prorate the costs (mortgage, insurance) for just the time that I am renting the property? 
Hello! When I originally filed my taxes on Apr 1, I didn't specify that my scholarships were used to pay university tuition, so I had to pay $X in additional taxes (I paid by credit card). Then once I amended my return, I received a refund from the IRS based on my amended return.My question is: will I also be refunded for the $X in erroneous taxes that I paid during my original filing? 
Also do I need to send the original forms or a copy? 
I need to check to see if I included a late arriving 1099 in my return 
I note that no federal or state taxes were withheld from the payment reflected on the form 4852. 
I  already filed and received my return. my son was slow in filing his and received a rejection notice. what can be done to correct this? 
I had already filed my taxes before receiving my 1095-A . I received a letter from the IRS telling me to fill out form 8962. The IRS has held my refund, but turbo tax says I must pay by check. Wont they just take the amount due out of my refund? Also do i have to amend my return? 
Two failure to pay penalties. I paid upon receipt of first notice. Something wrong with TT to allow this to happen. Would like compensation for paying for services and being fined when TT said all was ok. 
I am looking to know how I should file my 2014 NY taxes. As my question says, I moved to NY from CO half-way through 2014. I was not earning any income in CO. All the income I am filing was earned in NY. Should I file Part-Year or Full-Year resident? 
Federal Tax has been deposited but I have yet to receive my pre-paid debit card. Please help 
they wanted copies of my W-2's which i find odd since you file with them.  The paperwork from the state was from the mail.  could this be a scam? 
I e-filed my federal and state taxes with TurboTax like I do every year but this year they both did not go through due to insufficient funds even though I had money in my account. I paid both electronically after receiving a letter from the IRS and my State but now the IRS says it hasn't received my payment and is charging me late fees. I am not sure what went wrong but I am having to go through a lot of hassle because of this, and I do not appreciate whatever happened within my account and people in this industry are so hard to get a hold of.  Thank you TurboTax I will never file with you ever again. 
it says preview only on my past return and i need it asap for a loan pls help 
Ive been trying to file my taxes for the past few weeks and due to my date of birth being incorrect it keeps getting rejected. Even the efile pin form comes back as there being an issue due to incorrect information when its actually correct. Please someone help! 
I don't have a return coming and I am upset about this product 
I direct deposited my federal refund into my friend's bank account, the bank refused the refund, so the IRS sent me a check over a month ago that I still haven't received. And my state refund also...? 
The only option I have after signing in, is to Start my 2015 return...ugh 
I chose your bank option.... 
I need to do my 2014 taxes.  I have a single member LLC business.  What is the best way to get the 2014 Turbo Tax software?  How much is it? 
How would I go about updating this information? 
You have a link on your site to track my refund.  The link goes to https://sa.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp  which has https but it isn't valid and is not secure.  That site wants me to enter my SSN.  This doesn't seem like a good idea.  I'm trying to find out where my refund is that was submitted and accepted on April 02, 2016 and it is now May 20, 2016.  What do I do to find out where my refund is? 
Both returns were filed with turbo tax 
I don't recall all my e mail accounts or passwords, but I do have all my personal info..  Any assistance is appreciated. 
I prepared a joint return, filed and extension and somehow did not include my spouse on the extension. Can I fix this? 
I would prefer to speak with someone to answer questions as I work on it. Is this possible? 
When trying to access my state and federal returns, only my STATE return downloads. I can not find my 2015 FEDERAL return. I need it. thanks 
I think the program may be assuming the IRS accepted my payment, but it is still in my account after they rejected my extension request.  I think I need to tell turbo tax that I have not paid yet. 
It's been since January 19 then April 8 of 2016 
This information comes up when I get to the "review your order" page. 
trying to file amended VT State return due to IN-155 problem/update.  I did not get any notice from TurboTax; I heard something about it on the news. 
Does turbo tax save this info from previous years? Can I export them? 
I have the confirmation  number from netfile.  I was told that if filed with netfile it will show very quickly  on my cra account  that  it is received. 
I need it promptly, please. HELP 
without filing through TurboTax? 
can I get the refund put on my new card 
Also, this year I turn 65 and am told that the first $10,000 is not taxed.  Does TurboTax know this? 
I have been contacted by the IRS that I did not fill my 2014 tax return correctly and that I will owe approximately $5000 due to my error.  I would like to see how I entered my income to see what I might have done wrong.   Thanks 
My Mom died and am doing her taxes for the estate 
since my husband were not living with me at the time. He was in a different resident but didn't change that with is HR dept. He filed HOH with the same address I lived at in error. Do we need to amend  that return to show his resident at the time. This is causing a issue in buying a home since it looks as if we both filed HOH at the same resident address. Do I amend the tax return to reflect the correct address where he resided at the time? 
Its been over 20 days going into the 3rd month. 
I believe Audit made a mistake and I think IRS own me some money. I want to do additional calculations in Turbo Tax. This is 2014 Tax Return 
I need to verify whether or not I entered all information from 1099-Rs. 
Hi, Please help me I am dying from Tax Question.I need help with International Tax paying. That is, I am currently outside of United States, and will not return shortly. I want to upgrade to TurboTax Paid package so that I can speak with someone, but the website only Allows US Telephones! so I cant leave my phone number outside of US, nor can I just call them via Skype! Please help me with Tax, I just want someone to talk with. I just want to call Turbo tax, I tried calling IRS via phone and guess what? IT Wont work because IRS is very inconvenient.Long Story short. Started my first tax return at 2013, Left US by 2014~2015. Consider no job at the time, Finally found a job 2015~2016. Recently Completed paying income tax in a foreign country. THEN, Thought of Uncle Sam and Tax. Looking back and realize need to Catch upI have nothing against uncle Sam and just want to file everything correctly. Except they made it so hard/complicated for me who just want to file tax return. Since you cant login anywhere on IRS website to know if you owe/return tax and made simple address change.Now I am stuck with outdated information and possibly owing tax. With the little amount I made, I double Ill have to pay too much tax, its just the part where getting start is hard.All IRS forms are via mails, nothing can be done electronically.\n 
I cant log into my account to see my 2014 return so I can get my 2015 tax filed. which I call to get the account unlocked but I cant get ahold of anyone because of a busy tone. 
I own a business. My brother helped me pay some of my owed business state sales tax using his personal credit card. Can he write this expense off from his personal taxes?  What sort of deduction would this be? 
Can have the amount of refund 
I have an LLC in South Carolina. I want to move the LLC to Kansas to take advantage of the tax code which eliminates taxes on pass through income. How do I move the LLC? 
I didn't realize this now but I messed up one of my estimated payments for 2015. I sent the large check to the state and the smaller one to the Feds (backwards). I did not account for this when entering my estimated paid on TurboTax. I just got a bill from the Feds stating that I owe them that difference. Do you know how long it will take Michigan to send me the over payment back and will they do it automatically without me having to do anything? Obviously, that wasn't accounted for in the refund I got. 
If I have to use this to amend my return, how to I get it and does it cost me more? 
Why is it taking so long? Ive been waiting since February 
I filed a DC tax return but I am not sure if I had to file one because I live and work outside the United States and have a rental property in DC. It said I have to mail in my DC return by April 16th but I just filed and finished my 2015 taxes as I get automatic extension for federal tax return till June 15. Will there be an issue if I send the DC return late even though it seems like I didnt have to file in the first place? 
I follow the help suggestion but when I click on it nothing happens it just says Joined Turbo Tax that's it 
Mother and father are not together, never married. Son has Medicaid (mother applied for it.) I the father can provide insurance from my work place. 
I have recently opened an Acorns account - I was wondering if I will be able to electronically upload my tax info to TurboTax. Acorn says yes but I trust you guys more :) 
I need to amend my 2014 Tax Return. Under Some Things You Can Do, I do NOT have the option to Amend. I can download .tax file, but how do I download Turbo Tax desktop to open it? 
I consistently get over $3k for my tax refund (fed & state total). I currently claim 3 allowances. How much should I increase my allowances to get the money back in my paycheck without the risk of owing taxes next year. 
It appears that I can make a charitable donation from either my taxable income OR from my IRA (2 choices).  If I make the donation as part of my IRAs RMD, I assume that same donation cannot be identified in my listing of Charitable Donations for the purposes of reducing my tax liability. Do both options have the same impact on reducing my taxable income in TurboTax? 
I need to add $5,000. To my 2014 taxes, because it was a loan to my daughter and she was to pay me back once the judgement of custody was settled. 
I need to edit form 8863 in the Deluxe edition. The generated American Opportunity credit is more than it should be because the billed amounts on my daughters 1098-T are more than we actually paid in calendar year 2015. 
I filed and have received all monies.....but I need my 2015 tax return and it now states it is EMPTY.  Your system just pushed out an update...Please send me a copy that I will be able to use next year in the software.......I was checking to make sure my state refund was in.....? 
FYI There is $0 funds from the sale of the home. 
I need a copy of the date file for my 2014 taxes 
"My tax Timeline" is not clickable 
I need to see how a 1099-R was entered on my 2014 taxes.  Where do I find that on my copy of turbo tax? 
Each year I receive 1099 Misc from the insurance companies that I am contracted with as a medical provider. They all fill in line 7 as well as line 3. with the latters amount reflecting the amounts reimbursed to me.  The former, Line 7 often matches the amounts collected as co-payments but not always.  My question is are the insurance companies reporting the amounts that we collect as a co-payment? 
IRS claims that we did not include social security income and that we owe more tax. 
I need to print out a W2 from years back.  Would like to save it to a PDF, the W2 only. Is this possible? 
My mother has sold one of her properties.  She gave the proceeds evenly to my brother and I.  The proceeds were wired directly from the title company to her bank and then transferred to me. Are their tax ramifications to me? 
lost my disk 2015 tax program and I can open my program 
IRS has rejected my sons return (he is filing separately) stating that a form 8962 needs to be completed.  He also got a job in July that he making more money.  We had Obamacare in January. 
Page 2 of the tax return I have for my records is unsigned and I don't know how to get that postmark page at all. 
I just recently graduated from medical school and will be starting medical residency (of predetermined fixed duration, like school is) in Baltimore, Maryland.  I have maintained my domicile and drivers license in Virginia even though I was in North Carolina for school.  If I maintain my domicile at my family address in VA but live in MD for the last 6 months of this year, do I owe income taxes to both states?  Technically I could be considered less than 183 days in all three states for this year.  Does the border state agreement come into play at all?  In subsequent years when I would be living in MD for 12 months, would I also owe state income tax to VA if I keep my family address as my legal residence? 
I applied part of my state refund. The IRS looks to have applied my federal refund (I wanted it sent to me but have no problem with their applying it). I want to find out what I owe. I got a transcript from them, but the balance due is not clear. When I go online I just get sent to the transcript page. How can I get the balance? 
The message does not tell what the error is. 
I contacted the IRS about the status of my refund and they said they were unable to give me that information and to contact the provider of my tax preparation. Thats you. Your response to that question is to contact the IRS. What gives? I don't trust the government, but I thought you guys were on the up and up. Hope you can help me. It's been 35 days since I electronically filed thru you. 
I use the turbo tax soft ware I purchased from Sam's club 
I need to get back into 2015 information & file amended state return, I need to add State Income Tax Paid 
In the past we just borrowed the money and it was secured by the motorhome.  If we use a CD to secure the loan to buy the motorhome, can we deduct the interest just as in the past?  We will still be paying back the loan that we bought the motorhome with. 
been audit need contac number or some to talk 
What happens when IRS says they deposited your refund but you never received it? 
AGI is much higher than my wages.  The state of PA is taxing me because my AGI is reported as much higher than my actual income. 
I Paid $89 for state and fed Order number: # returned  in email and now the web site is telling me I have to pay to print I ALREADY PAID and DID NOT GET FREE STATE:((((  Can you help please 
I downloaded Turbotax 2015 for Mac. I filed my taxes, got my tax return. Now, I want to print/save a copy of my tax return but I cannot open the application. It shows up on the application bar but nothing else. I had saved the .tax file on my desktop but that wont open either. I can see the menu at the top of my desktop screen but everything is grayed out so I cannot select anything. How can I access my tax return file? 
How can I get this form to the IRS right now, after-hours, on a Friday night?  I already filed my tax return this year; TurboTax disallows submitting for a Tax Extension because of this. 
I received my Federal Refund already just waiting on my ny state refund which I was audited for 
But in August I will receive an unexpected royalty payment of about $10,000. I may or may not receive more such payments. Can I make quarterly 1040ES payments based on the amount actually received? How should I calculate the estimated tax when I dont know the final total for the year? 
I'm logged in, but the app is asking me to pay a second time to print out my amended app. This is clearly a bug that needs to be fixed. 
I filed for the amended taxes on April 16, as well as sent out the check for the federal tax due, the same day. IRS accepted my payment on April 27. However I havent received the refund. Its been 34 days since I first filed and mailed everything out and 23 days since the money was taken out of my bank for the tax due. The amended taxes dont show on turbo tax and it also doesnt show that the tax due has been paid for. Weve checked twice since then for the number to IRS inquiries and theres no evidence that we amended our taxes. Well be checking again to see if that status has changed. 
Where can I see a break down of my 2015 tax income. All I can see is the total and not the sources. 
Always used actual expenses, but have had numerous tell me using the per diem is easier with lots less paperwork. 
Last year's pin didn't work either. 
We got copies through TurboTax for both Fed and IN return but not showing up on either site. I notice when logged in to Turbo Tax it said, "lets pick up where you left off"....but, I have already filed and got confirming print out showing that. I see no email address for Turbo Tax, only phone number for Mon-Friday. Is there email address for Turbo Tax Customer Service? 
When I log into my account, I don't see my 2015 on the TurboTax website.  I see only the 2014...? (And yes, I did complete the 2015 return.) 
When will I receive the refund? 
I had already almost finished 2015, but had to file extension due to missing some paperwork. Then I had to move for a new job, so copied the 2015 file to my laptop. I have downloaded 2015 home and biz, but it searches for 2014 file, and wont allow transfer of the 2015. What do I need to do to continue working on the 2015 file?Thanks for your help! 
My\n mother received a house from my grandparents in 1993. The title to the \nhouse was switched back to my grandparents name on Feb. 12, 2004 \nbecause she was had terminal cancer. She passed away in March 2004. I dont believe she had a will and I searched records before and didnt find any record of one. I \nlived in the house until 2014 when the house was sold by my grandfather \n(I was paying my grandfather directly for the property taxes). It was \nsold on April 1, 2014. My grandfather sold the house for FAR under its \nvalue. He then divided the money 4 ways. Him and my grandmother received\n half and then he gave my brother and me 25% each. He now says I owe him\n money for taxes on the money I received from the house. My grandmother \nsays thats not true. I want to do whats fair and right. How do I know?\n 
ticket number [removed] 
Help! 
How do I see the detail for my 2015 return once it's filed 
I have a Michigan Refund and a Georgia Refund. 
I need to print a copy 
I am concerned they will reject my return before I can call the number.  Will the IRS just hold the return until they hear from me by phone? 
I would like to start teaching and freelancing from home, but have always had an employer for some of that regular income, and have received W2s and 1099s for other freelance work outside of home. This is a bit scary and have avoided self-employment ventures because Im not sure how to report it correctly as regular work. Its time to learn! I already keep track of income and expenses/deductions and just need to know how to report if I would not receive a 1099 or W2 from anyone if I work for myself? So what forms do I use, the 1099-MISC? When are the quarterly deadlines, and how do I report every quarter/what forms do I use throughout the year? If I do it quarterly, do I also need to do something for the annual tax return forms? Can I do any of this through TurboTax during the year? Thank you. 
I e-filed my tax returns using TurboTax. Do I have to separately send in W-2 to IRS? I did this last year and an year before. But then I did my own filing. Can you please clarify as I didn;t see any instructions at the end of filing process through TurboTax? Thank you, 
Iam not clearly understanding the " Not file a joint return with another taxpayer".  My mother has fallen on hard times at age 84, she still lives independently but needed major financial support from me, can I claim her as a dependent  even if I continue to file jointly ? 
TurboTax will not efile with my days worked outside of NY equaling my total days worked on the job. I work for a NY company but do not work in NY and qualify for the full refund. 
where do I find my payment history for software (i.e $24.99 posted to my credit card; where is that history)?I recd an answer already, but it took me to the cost of annual turbo tax.  I want to access the receipt for the efile of state return.  Where is my payment history for efiling my state returns?? And, BTW, whats with this charge????  Dont tout or announce a free filing with NC if youre going to charge me!!  Its misleading and deceitful to say the least! 
I filed an extension, but the taxes were not paid 
Got audit on education Credit and American opportunity Credit. I bought the audit protection while filing. If someone can help and call me on(edit) 
Does Intuit care if TTax has bugs? I found two for 2015 and sure they existed the year before as well. If they care, how do I report them? 
Parent claims child as dependent so their taxable income and tax paid is needed to calculate child's tax do.  Turbo asked for this when entering original information, but can't find screen to correct this.  Screens for everything else are there.  The returned was processed and fee paid, but return not filed. 
there should be a way to get an update in regard to Missouri State tax returns and not just read about their procedures for avoiding fraud etc 
I just received it yesterday. I put numbers in the form 8962 that were incorrect, I was told by the irs.  How do I get in to my actual filing pages so I can put all of the numbers in correctly? 
The last time that this happened, I went through a rain dance with tech support and the tax expert - ultimately, Intuit was no help and washed their hands of the whole mess. Their accuracy guarantee is meaningless. In theory it only covers interest and penalties but in practice they deny any responsibility. 
I would not be using this car for personal use, as I have an SUV that is my daily driver.What could I deduct for the Toyota Prius?  In my mind it is a commercial or work vehicle. 
What is your plan, responsibility, assistance available, ability to interceded  with IRS to help in correcting this? 
I set up a payment plan, but I thought it was automatic withdrawal from my acct. Turns out, it is not..... I am now THREE payments behind. When I try to find a contact number for the IRS I cannot locate one... what should I do? Start making the payments?(obviously) but I only have the little sheets you send in with the checks. Those are old now....Contact them and set up a new schedule? I'm so confused and I don't know how to contact them. can't find a contact number or chat window or anything. when I go to IRS.GOV and select make payment, it redirects me to an offsite page, that's super sketchy for me. Any help on how to proceed, contact numbers, or anything will be so much appreciated!!! 
I need a print out of my tax forms and can't seem to find it 
I don't have a personal computer using the one in the apartment office 
Turbotax is saying I need to pay for service before I can see old filings.  Why?  I am paid up through current filings? 
I have password 
I received a letter from the CA Franchise Tax Board indicating they have changed my 2015 Tax Return and I now owe them $3015.39 
All I see are "x's" on the viewable tax return. 
We filed for my daughter, who is 18, and primarily has dividend and capital gains income.  Using the Turbo Tax State of California software, her 2015 taxes due where $10, which we paid via direct debit when we e-filed in mid-April.  Approximately 2 weeks later, my daughter received a 2015 State of California tax refund of $10, which essentially seems to be a reimbursement of the taxes paid.  There was no explanation, just a check for $10.  Why would this happen?  Does this mean I need to amend her tax return?  Do I need to contact the Franchise Tax Board to get clarification?  If so, what is the best way to work with the FTB -- phone, email, chat?  Should I just do nothing (especially given the amounts here are not significant)? 
where 
I sold my home in September 2015, I deducted the tax for Jan-Sept of 2015 but forgot to include the tax paid for 2014 
where is tools? 
I need to print them. 
I file with TurboTax every year, and I filed this year in February and did not print out the final paperwork when I was done. TurboTax Timeline only shows 2014, and on the main screen it is asking me to start my 2015 return., which I have already completed. 
Need to print/save tax returns from 2013.  I feel like this might be illegal not to give a person their tax documents that were filed with the IRS? 
The Save and Print Option on my Computer is Grayed out.  This is 2013, I need to move on to the 2014, then 2015.  It's Urgent! 
my return is being worked on by irs, in the meantime turbo tax charged my debit card for the fees. my return has not been reduced and i stated that i would like the fees taken out of the return not my checking account. i do not want fees taken out of my acct and called turbo tax regarding this. 
My son claimed me on 2015 taxes.  I owed for 2014 but the taxes were paid by 10/2015.  How can I prove I paid?  They're saying he owes because he claimed me. 
I'm unable to find the supporting documents but I am certain this entry for 1225.00 is from unemployment benefits. Where can I go to reprint this off for Iowa? 
I am unable to find on the website where to print my 2015 tax returns. I am working with a mortgage specialist who needs to see a copy of my returns and I do not have a copy currently 
They have stayed with me at least 6 months of the year even though i cant prove it 
Its not on my tax timeline and the Net Spend card never got funded! 
I need to access the info I input if i could please 
This is in regard to taxing and the T.I.N. application with I.R.S. 
I need a copy of my tax return, Form 1040 of year 2015 that I filed from TurboTax Desktop (CD) version> Please help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why is my info not showing up I already paid the fees and tried to file taxes but everything has disappeared 
Does anyone know the form I need in order to pay NJ quarterly taxes. My company is out of state and does not deduct state taxes from payroll. please email me ( PERSONAL INFORMATION DELETED ! !) thanks Jim 
I filed my taxes back in February, and have received my refunds, but Turbo Tax still says my return is "in progress"--as in, I haven't filed yet. Why does it say this? 
I cant find the button to click on to see the list.  Thanks. 
i have followed instructions on how to download 2015 tax return and it is not posting on my home page it just starts at 2014 please help 
I lived and had income from FL only during the whole year of 2013. I moved to PA in Jan 2014 and paid 2013 taxes with PA address (as that was my home address) using TurboTax. I received a letter to submit a statement of no Liability or previously reported income. Where do I find the statement of no Liability for PA? 
I now have windows 10 on my desktop.  I want the 2013 edition I paid for. 
I DID THAT MORE THAN 1 TIME STILL HAVING TROUBLE. 
Our divorce agreement says we alternate years to claim our son.  However, the agreement never specified a year of when to STOP alternating.  For the year 2015, he turned 21 at the beginning of the year and is attending college.  She no longer pays child support, he is no longer a minor and she was the non-custodial parent.  Could the courts make me allow her to claim him just because there is no end date on the divorce agreement?   My understanding that I couldn't even sign over the form 8332 because it is no longer valid after the child is 18, PLUS I am the custodial parent. 
this account- [UserID removed] has my 2013 return. account -.[email removed]has my 14 and 15 returns How can I merge accounts. I paid multiple times for packets. Cant retrieve 2013 details without being prompted to pay. want to push all info to [email removed] account if possible. 
Will my refund go up is I correct my status to head of household? 
Why can't I access my returns despite using TurboTax for two years now. I don't have access to any previous history. 
When submitting my taxes I paid the amount turbo tax asked for in March. Now it's May and the its is requesting a new amount and has no record of my March payment. Do I deduct March payment from the May billed amount? How could I check with turbo tax where the March payment stands? Please review my account. 
Hi thereI always have a question regarding UCLA tuition. My estimated tuition, including on-campus housing, books, food, and UC health insurance, is $34000 in total. I got $19000 of financial aid. Hence when I report taxes annually (through turbotax), I will report all my tuitions and cost, will the government refund the amount of money thats not covered by financial aid (around $15000)? Or they wont ? The housing and meals should be considered as education expenses, right? 
I just need to see the information from my W-2, it was automatically generated to turbotax  from my job so I didn't upload anything. I read that there is something called "jump to" link and I can not find it anywhere. Any help would be great. 
I went to their web page to verify my information but did not have copy of my return. 
I can still go back to my 2014 version that resides on my PC, but that's not a great solution.  I think this is a major loss in going to the new web based process. 
I need to undo an upgrade. 
Just need to be able to upgrade to get my old 2014 tax return printed. 
I was trying to get my 2010 Tax Refund Record for one of the US Embassy Requirements for my sons CRBA please help me get thru this and get my records. I am outside the US and i have limited knowledge to this 
I plan to file my 2013 taxes and I am wondering if I can have the refund direct deposited into my account. 
Not sure why i can't access my returns? 
I need to get information off of my 1040 that I filed this past year and I don't know where I find that. Can I access it on here? 
I have a "certificate of salary" but I don't know which which lines conform to the boxes on a w-2. 
At the print screen, it just says it is saving the information and brings me back to start and won't let me continue to pay for my order. I have already tried the instructions online and it is not working please help. 
I need to amend my 2014 tax return, if I can complete anf file my 2015 tax return then amend the 2014 tax return. by the way, I'm currently living oversea for few years. 
I live oversea for whole year of 2015, I have some pension and ss benefit, do I need file a state tax return? which state do i need to file? ( I'm a nonresident for three year for Georgia state.) 
In 2014 I forgot to include my unemployment compensation on line 13. And as a result the irs declined my efile all together.  What do I do from here? 
But the TurboTax website told me it couldn't complete my transaction because my bank account had a different address. But they still charged my bank account, and there is no record on their end that I made a purchase. RIP OFF. 
I want to do some trading as a hobby, and I believe I need to setup an LLC so I get tax benefits for my winnings and losses, and can write off some of my expenses. My wife would also trade as a hobby, can you offer some advise please? Thank-you 
I can only get copies of my state return, where can I find my returns? 
how do i do this.  my return was sent 6 days ago but is yet to show in my account.  TPG is showing that they have deposited the money into an account (last 4 match my account) but they dont show the full account number. 
When I follow the prompts to upgrade to PLUS it says to login and select the orange block option "take me to my return" but my orange block option is is "Start my 2015 Taxes" 
I need to know how much I'll be refunded based on my AGI. 
It is now saying he needs to repay but I don't understand why especially he had no income.  Please help 
My computations do not match Turbo tax and I've gotten different results each time I check. Help! 
The letter the IRS sent has a Proposed Amount Due. 
I want to talk to a representative with Tubotax. What number can I call 
Two people in my household have used turbo tax and only the last one is in my documents 
I filed under the free military 
I filed my taxes through Turbo Tax and I have been waiting on my $38.00 refund and it shows that My Ga-e file is incomplete but doesn't tell my why or what I need. I paid a LOT to file my taxes through you. Ya'll need to make sure that I know everything that I am supposed to do to get my refund 
TurboTax asks whether I'm in the military, and when I answer no, it assumes I live in the US, so I've already passed the filing date. 
Here are the details:Purchased condo in 2005 for $215,000 for personal use.  I converted it to a rental property in 2006.I am planning to sell the property this year for approximately $275,000.Over the years I have claimed depreciation on my taxes.How can I quickly calculate what I will owe in taxes? If it is too much I may decide not to sell. 
Hi,I'm trying to track my State refund, and the State website is asking for the exact amount of the refund claimed.  I can't find it anywhere on the website, and even after calling the "contact us number" i just get some automated response about my federal tax.  How can I find out what was the exact amount of my state refund claimed? 
My 93 year old mother apparently did not file 2013 taxes so I need to do it now.  I only see TurboTax deluxe and above for 2013.  She only needs the free basic package, as she has only SS income to claim.  How do I get the free basic turbo tax package? 
I'm just trying to find my federal and state returns from previous years, but can't seem to do that. There's no option to search for it or to visit your previous documents on this website. 
2015 w-2s 
the online wants me to pay a upgrade fee because my 2015 is under another user name but I don't think I should have to pay for a copy of something I paid to file. 
Filed form 1040EZ. Received a letter that the IRS needs form 8962. Had insurance all year.  January-June I was on my parent's personal health insurance with BC/BS.  July-December I was included in family coverage with my parents through a policy through the Insurance Exchange.  I have entered the information needed to complete the 8962 from the1095A my dad gave me, but it is asking for the Shrd Policy ADV PTC Pct.    I have read the instructions for form 8962 and it makes no sense to this average lay person.  Can someone please help me with this? 
The IRS says they posted all of my money into my account.  There is still some missing.  Who do I contact to get it back? 
How do I claim her on my taxes for him? 
What deductions can be claimed to reduce the amount he'll end up owing? 
I am a Non-resident Alien living in US since Oct 2015. I was living in India and in 2015, I bought some stocks which I intend to sell by July-Aug 2016. I have been paying US Tax returns for 2015 and I completed by tax filing for India salary too. I just want to know what I can do to avoid this double taxation, when I sell India Stocks. Will I be taxed again ? If I intend to keep the money in the India account. I dont plan to bring it to US, but mostly buy some real estate etc. Can I avoid sharing this from IRS. How does the IRS know that I sold my shares in India. If I gift it to my Mother, will it have any implications ? 
is there a quick calculator tool to help add your data? 
The letter stated that income was reported on line 12 indicating that we are liable for self-employment tax. While using the Turbo Tax program, we assumed the program calculated this information. 
I filed my taxes on February of this year. I have waited and waited for my tax check to come but I didn't receive my tax check. 
Can I use Turbo Tax to file my back taxes? I need to file for 2012, 2013, and 2014 even though I didn't work, so I have no W2s. 
the irs sent me a letter about health coverage i fixed it in march why havent i received my refund yet 
I logged in and there is nothing I opened this account in 2013 and this should have my 2013 and 2014 return but it is not coming up under my timeline 
i filed with turbotax and i received a premium tax credit form and its asking for a 1040 and im not sure how to find that 
Don't know how they come up with Arrears as they take the payments out of my checks every 2 weeks and when i change and have 2 jobs they give her $ from both employers for about 2 months untill i get it straightened out, and I never see a penny of it back.  They just say that there is nothing they can do accept ask her for it back?  It's like the non custodial parent, (mostly dads) are being told you divorced her so take the consequences.  We really don't care!  Now the info. they want gives them my salery for 2015 and my bank acct. # and routing #...seems WRONG! 
I'm filing my tax return late, but I did not file for an extension before the deadline. When I'm submitting my late tax return through TurboTax, do I also need to complete an extension form, even though it's already past the deadline? 
I filed my 2015 tax return, I have a copy I need to amend but I can not locate it in Turbo tax 
I tried calling the number to talk to someone and it's only an automated response. What do I do. 
My daughter turned 24 in 2015 after she graduated college.  I paid for all expenses.  Why am I not getting the educational credit? 
It shows I am a widowed with dependent children however it shows me as "head of Household" and does not give me the "married filing jointly" deduction 
I click on continue my 2015 taxes and it goes to a blank page.  tried two different computers 
I need my 2014 tax's so I can apply for home mortgage for next year 
will get all of my e states and my federal return in the following days...still working in some details and credits...but this one state is ready. How do I pay for it so that I can print it and mail or even file electronically (as i am paying for it).i and purchasing the home /business turbo tax edition ($104.00) + $39.99 per state. 
In trying to pay taxes owed my payment was not accepted because I had not filed in 2012. 
how do I pay for plus so I can get my return for 2014 
I filed taxes and received a refund, but later amended them to gain even more refund. When can I expect this? 
What is Turbo Tax customer service telephone 
it lets me select deluxe and all the other options. I just need to select plus so that I can get my 2014 tax return 
I entered my credit card information and received the following error message: shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; Any suggestions about what went wrong?Thanks! 
Is there a video that takes me thru how to enter revised income to figure out what I should pay in estimated quarterly california and federal income takes? 
to edit the originals to then edit the amendment. Thanks for your help. 
For the last two years I haven't received a state refund. I assumed this was normal until my brother received on this year. He and I are both dependents. The only difference is that I attend university out of state (in PA) while he is in high school (in CT), and that he is under 18. 
It looked like it was counting as both business and personal income. 
How can I change my residency status? 
The federal taxes have been efiled and has been returned to my account a few months ago, but the state efile is not allowing the taxes to be transferred to be sent 
I have the order number.  Download does not show up in My downloads. 
How can I change this and and get my money back? 
This is the first year in which all of an annuity reported on form CSA-1099R is taxable.  The form as received does not have a value in box 2a, and there is no checkbox for 2b, as on the basic form 1099R.  I filled out the TT version as requested by TT.  TT did not include that income in the sum for 1040 line 16a.One of two things should have happened:  1.  TTax should use Box 1 as the value for Box 2a if user leaves it blank.   2.  TTax should have at least flagged it in Error Checking so that the user could investigate.Thanks for nothing on this one -- I did not catch this originally and now have to file an amended return. 
Deluxe* 2014. When I go to amend off my tax timeline and download it only starts to download premier, when I have basic taxes I don't think I would be needing premier. Should I download Deluxe and be able to amend and e-file my extended 2014 taxes from there? Thank you! Maritza 
when i try and finish my return for North dakota it says i cannot put my ssn directly on the federal form and when i do what the instructions say to do it goes back and say it has the same issue 
The offer or prize was 4 subscriptions for one year at $2.  I have now cancelled 3 of the magazines, but this was after receiving a charge for over $120.00 for peoples magazine.  I would like to know if others have had a problem. 
on corrected form 1098, The mortgage interest received from payer(s)/borrower(s) is $2,182.39. What do i do with this? 
I was filing a form 1040x then when I was about to print it I figured that one of the sentences in the Explanation of Issues Involved in Request section wasnt complete. I would like to go back and change that. I am thinking about completing it by hand after printing it but I dont know if they will accept that. 
My old job considered me employed during my trip back (so there was an overlapping period of time, including when I took the trip back to my old job, that I held two jobs). 
I help an elderly man 2 days a week wit a variety of activities : such as: drive him to store, drive him to pick up mail, help sort his mail, help him with his phone and printer, help him put his shoes on, find things he mis-places. Essentially a sitter or personal assistant.What self employed business code should I use.Also I pet sit/house sit for his married daughter every few months.What Bussiness code do I use for pet/house sitting?Would that be a different code than helping the man? Would that be 2 separate self employed businesses? 
Someone else posted a similar question and was told to add these expenses to the "Other Common Business Expenses" section. However, that section is reserved for items valued at less than $200 and that lasts less than a year. 
ii need to know how i can print my return 
and now I need to go back to the stuff I saved because, I misplaced the w2s and how do I find the stuff I save on here from that long ago so I can finish it this time. 
looking for where to add my unreimbursed job related expenses 
My mom claimed me and i didn't realize it, so i need to change from not claimed to claimed. 
where did this error and the big number come from? 
My original file shows paying in yet my forms I saved and mailed in showed a refund due.  Below line 9 "for amended returns only" shows original payment of $460 but it was actually a refund received of $273 
Hi ,I am facing the issue after submission of my state tax. \tWhat happened IL1040-8000-2 - This return could not be processed for electronic filing by Illinois because of an issue with one or more of the pieces of information used to validate the signature: IL PIN, Prior Year AGI, Driver's License or State ID Number.IL1040-8600-2 - Please review and correct the Primary taxpayer's signature requirements. At least one of the following signature fields must be present and valid on the Dept. Of Revenue's file: IL PIN, Prior Year AGI, Driver's License or State ID Number. Next step We'll help you update this on your 2015 Illinois Personal return and e-file at no additional cost.  \tTo update your return Simply sign in to TurboTax and we'll walk you through making the updates you need, then help you re-file your updated return at no additional cost. If we're unable to resolve the errors and e-file again, we'll help you get your return filed by mail. Need your User ID or password? Get a quick reminder Let's fix my return 
Wondering why I am being charged. 
How does Turbo Tax generate a Schedule SE? 
I accidentally claimed him this year but it wasn't my year to do so 
My line 12 of form 1040 is more than $400, so IRS asked me to issue a Schedule SE, but my SE is a negative amount.  Please explain the discrepancy. 
"Choose a way to connect with us" Consider Telephone being an option!!! 
Will someone please contact me immediately at[removed] I need to pay and print my 2015 taxes. 
It says available on the order status but has no prompt to download 
how to activate it? i forgot 
I paper filed my amended return about April 2, 2016. 
The IRS site says that they are processed in 21 days. Its been a month and almost 2 weeks. What's the deal 
I planned to mail it to NY state but I read that all documents prepared electronically need to be submitted electronically.  Not sure if I should mail it in or not? 
Ex hasn't ever paid his child support in full either, he only pays half and I need the return to take care of our kids. I am desperate. Please let me know what to do to get refund asap. Thanks 
Their calculations are different.  They sent $ to my bank.  How do I get their calculations? 
The mail has reached the PO Box before deadline but I am not sure how to see its status 
I entered my income under foreign by mistake.  How do I delete it from there.  It want let me take the amount out.  Please help. 
How come when I clicked on the Merrill discount foe Turbo-tax, I still ended up paying the treatise price? 
I am married. My annual income is under $40k and my wife's income is $90k. We have one dependent. The land was purchased by me solely during my previous marriage and I married my current wife last year 
I need your number because I am having no sucsess at doing this online 
The IRS hasn't been very helpful either 
I filed my return with TurboTax. Since filing, it's been 3 months, and I've contacted the IRS 3 times, waiting on hold an hour each time. The IRS customer service employees have no direct access to the processing department in Cincinnati, so you can't actually speak to the area responsible for the delay. I was told the IRS needed more information from me, but they never sent me a supposed "12c" letter. Is there anything I can do, or any services TurboTax provides, that can hold their feet to the fire? 
I need to update my 2014 tax filing with form 8949.  What is the process to do that ? 
i click on 2014 tax year to copy that years tax return..it tells me i have to pay, i click on the link, it takes me to the payment options, i choose premium. then all it does is take me to my home page again, i try to click on 2014 tax return, again, it tells me i have to pay..its a never ending loop. 
I amending 2013 and 2014 returns, both of which were previously amended and show amount owed to the state and federal govs. I have paid those amounts. When I attempt to amend those returns now to add a child care tax credit, it's only reducing the amount owed to the fed & state, even though those have been paid, and now I should be showing a refund. Long story short, how do I file an amended return that only shows the amount of my credit (and thus money to be paid to me). 
please tell me how to get a copy, for i never printed for my files 
Missouri did not receive a MO-CR form for credit of taxes that I paid to Kansas.  Also they adjusted my Medicare Tax amount and I do not pay medicare or social security since I work for the Railroad.Please call my cell at [[ PII REMOVED]] 
You really need to make it so that there is a receipt for that.... I had thought it had to show you a receipt for it to be legal. But if it is or if it isn't it really doesn't matter, for the customers sake it should tell you what you are paying for and allow them to review it. 
i have about 200 colectible decorative plates to donate to a charity thrift store. How do I value each plate to be an acceptable deduction? 
When I filed my taxes I didnt have a account to deposit my refund into so I used my boyfriends. I never got it and we split up & now youre sending emails saying that youll take $103 out of his account on June 3rd for MY taxes. You cant take his money from his account, he will sue. Please contact me immediately. [remove] 
Sell my rental house and me finance 
They want 1095a and newly computed 8962. Would you have a sample on how to fill these 
Is there any way I can fight that or get it reduced? 
irs needs info 
Since my income tax had been taken. How can I find out how much more I old on my student loan? 
I need to print my 2014 return. I was told i can at a later date since i used the free version. NOW it will not allow me to.  Im not signing up whit you just to print 1 return. I no longer use turbo tax, it was actually a mistake that i used it in 2014. 
My company sold to another company  I had 35 years and was forced to retire. I didnt plan on retiring but had no choice. i was 54 in 2015 and didnt turn 55 until 2016. I had to redraw some money from my 401k and got charged the penalty. I read that if you were terminated you didnt have to pay the penalty.. Does this apply to my situation? The company terminate our jobs when they sold us to another company. I paid the penalty but was wondering if i shouldnt have? 
A pair of business partners have a business account and respective personal accounts. One business partner gives the other business partner a monthly stipend contingent on the generation of ideas that may one day produce profit for the business. Expenses and distributions are determined on a monthly basis and transferred into a personal account rather than the business account. Neither partner reports this transfer of funds as income. A tax professional in the local community believes these distributions are taxable income. The tax professional said the deposits could be considered non-taxable distributions only if the deposits came from the business account. The partners could then refer to the monies as shareholder distributions/loans that are not taxable. The business tax statements would need to reflect each distribution/loan from Partner A via the business account in order for tax to be exempt. However, the money is taxable since it is transferred into the personal account of Partner B for the exchange of ideas and investment. Technically, Partner A should be giving Partner B a 1099 at the end of the year to reflect each distribution and Partner B should be reporting this income to the IRS (similar to an advanced royalty). Can you offer your thoughts and professional opinion on this issue? 
Why would I need to pay the fee (possibly a second time) if I chose to have it taken out of my refund? 
Please inform me by email. I don't want an issues when I file next years return. Thank you so much 
I've been waiting for almost 4 months for my return. I've tried calling the IRS and everyday I call it tells me basically I'm screwed. I'll click the option I need and it tells me basically I'm not important enough for them right now. Why is the IRS number so stupid. I just want to know if I'm even going to get a return! I'm just tired of sitting around waiting and I'm struggling right now and need to know if that is even money I should look forward to getting! 
I signed in and it shows my return amount but I cannot find nor print off my 2015 return 
I just need to know how I can print a copy of my 2016 tax return 
can never get a live person at IRS 
How do you actually get in touch with someone, like a real body, at TurboTax? 
We need a confirmation number to give to NCDOR so we are not fined for a late payment.There was no communication that our  payment did not go through on April 18, just be patient and wait 3 to 4 weeks. 
I need to know how much we owe and I cant even view my returns anywhere 
I e-filed through turbotax. Also, is there anything else I need to send. 
I think my question is clear. 
So basically the story breaks down like this.  My wife and I are separated and filing for dissolution soon.  Our child primarily lives with her mother but spends mornings and at least two nights a week with me based on my work schedule.  I was looking to claim her to receive SNAP benefits but were concerned that if I do my wife (who gets to claim her this year) wont be able to claim her on her taxes.  Does anyone have information on this? 
no 
I want to go to the T2125 form for a motor vehicle addition this year for a $16,767.89 vehicle and get a capital cost allowance.  My current turbotax wont allow me into the details of the form. Can you walk me through how to do that? 
Does mortgage points and property tax interest raise my refund 
There are two different federal refund amounts listed. I know how to subtract. The question refers to which refund amount is correct? 
ive already did my taxes and got my refund..however I have another I forgot about 
17 year old child is going to college, our income doesnt qualify us for any federal loan or grant money. We own our home, pay interest on a mortgage, have a 15 year old 2 years away from college, little to no college savings for either, spouse has IRA, few scholarships, and bad credit. Kid #1s school is offering some grant and scholarship money but it only covers half of tuition,room & board, fees, etc..If I file separately, claim the 2 children as dependents, have $0 income, would both dependents get more access to federal grant and loan money? What are the potential drawbacks of doing this? What other ways can you think of to qualify us for more federal grant or loans? 
My amended return was recieve on March 11 2016 irs.com said an i went to the irs they told me dif they said they just got it may 15 an they sighn it still and the processing stage how long till it get adjusted it Ben a 11 weeks i know they said 12. But u need answers 
1) I dont have employees nor do I foresee having employees. 2) I wish to run this business as a sole proprietor who performs the work for customers himself and, from time to time, uses independent contractors to help me with the work load.3) The LLC is a full-service IT support company serving business customers. I would prefer to list the EIN and LLC name on a W9.4) I do not want to file as S Corp, C Corp or any other LLC designation. I want to maintain my status as a sole proprietor and file for taxes under Schedule C.Thanks in advance for any help! :-) 
Does the single member LLC need an EIN to issue 1099s? 
i recently started COBRA insurance premiums Are they normally an item you can claim as an itemized deduction? 
I bought a car in March 2015 and then traded it in due to being in an accident and got another car in October 2015. Can I add the taxes I paid on both vehicles to my amended return? If so where could I find the information on which taxes I paid on one of the vehicles as I cannot find the paperwork from purchasing it. 
I've followed the directions that were told to do and this doesn't work 
No longer have access to other email due to divorce 
I qualified for EIC. I never got a check? 
My parents obtained health nsurance on my behalf through the marketpalce.  I am recent college grad and file myself, not a dependent of my parents, although under age 26.   I did not receive a 1095A.   In the middle of 2015, I obtained my own health insurance, although my parents neglected to remove me from their coverage until 2016.  How do I record ontax return? 
Your TurboTax program incorrectly depicts my income as $0 under Schedules K-1, Q on the Wages & Income page. 
I need to do a amended tax return (2013) I did not file with Turbo Tax for 2013 can you do an amended return for me?  Cost? 
The check was for me and for my husband. He passed away on year 2015. Am I legitimate to do that? 
My returns were rejected bc of a recurring problem that I have since fixed. All my returns are complete, refunds received, is there a way to "mark my returns complete"? When I log in they still say "rejected" but I am done with them. 
Can I have my money back? 
I accidentally signed up for my company's dental insurance plan, while I was still covered under my parents' plan. I cancelled the plan through work after a few months, having paid about $85 toward the plan. I am now getting a reimbursement of that money since it was retroactively cancelled, but my concern is that reimbursements aren't taxed and the premiums came out of my paycheck pre-tax. Should I count this as "additional income" on my 2016 return to cover the taxes I would have paid had this been in my paychecks all along? 
I have already filed 2015 taxes for a medical missionary in Peru.  Last two years she received support from Samaritans Purse, so her income was on W-2 forms and tax withholding and Social Security Taxes were taken out.  This year, 2016, she is being supported by private donations in an account that is being managed by a church.  From that account she is taking out a monthly stipend.  The church does nothing more than service the account, no withholding income or Social Security Taxes.  The amount she will make in 2016 is even less than what she made in either 2014 or 2015 when she worked for Samaritans Purse, and even then she did not pay any income taxes either year.  I filed her 2015 returns using 2015 TurboTax Deluxe.How can I use this program to file a 1040-SE or whatever to withholding income and Social Security Taxes? 
Got papers from the IRS saying it needs more information to process my return. Asking for a completed Form 8962, a copy of your Form 1095-A, a newly computed page 2 of your tax return with your original signatures showing the transferred amount from Form 8962. 
How do I download a copy of my W2s that were done thru Tubotax? 
I claimed some business equipment on 5-yr depreciation in 2014, but am able to claim everything as expenses in 2015. How do I continue depreciation on the equipment from last year? 
Does not show that I filed taxes from 2015 
Whenever I get the money, I pay for classes,books,etc and put the rest in my bank account. I have never had a job and never filed for any taxes. 
I DONT HAVE THIS FORM 
I went back and erased my info so that I wasn't operating under deluxe and it said it would not charge me the 50 or so dollars in checkout and you guys did. Now you want to charge my acct for $64 I am so upset no is ever responding to me. Please help. 
I am using Form 8836 to claim an education credit. Line 3 asks for line 38 from Form 1040 (AGI), but TT is putting in my gross income. Does anyone know whether this matters and, if so, how to fix it? Thanks! 
Your product and service sucks 
I believe that I paid extra to have Turbotax automatically pay my balance with the state of Connecticut, but I received a notice from a third party that the transfer did not go through and then was fined $185.87 by the State of Connecticut for a late return.  If I paid extra for this service, I would like to be refunded the amount I paid extra.  Regardless of that, I would like to be refunded the fine amount. 
I am not sure if I used TurboTax the last time I filed.. 
For 2015 tax I only work for about 2 months and i worked at a company called Sidecar it is like an Uber or Lyft and I did get a car insurance and now I have health care penalty. How did I get a penalty? Also I don't have W2 they only gave me "1099-MISC_from_Side_cr_LLC" that. Please help me file and fix my tax for the year 2015. 
trying to print past returns and they are downloading as 100 plus pages 
why are faster laptops worth less than slower ones? 
It's very important,I NEED it today. i"ve been a loyal customer 
order number TTWQR1B23080697 
IRS says my tax return was wrong. They say I claimed too much federal wi thholding. I need to see how I came to that amount. 
I paid all the premiums myself with Florida Blue from 1/7/15 through June, then I started Medicare on August 2015 through December 2015. 
i contacted turbo tax over the phone and they said i could because i filed online last year online and had the deluxe version, when i bring up my tax timeline it just says " joined turbo tax" nothing more. 
I completed and submitted my 1040 and received a refund.  I have to file an amendment to claim foreign income (but it is totally exempt based on criteria).  However, once the program recalculates, it shows I owe $687 in Federal Tax now.  Nothing has changed in my return except that I claimed the Foreign income.  Why is it showing I owe tax now?? 
When amending taxes do we have to reprint every document or just the portion where we explain the amendment and send in the supporting documents? 
I misplaced my 2014 tax year CD. Sometimes I download program but 2014 I bought CD. Is there anyway to get a replacement. I have used TurboTax for many years. I need to file an amended return. Thanks for any help. 
I got a pleasant surprise refund, but I'd like to find where the turbo tax error came from 
In the non-online version of TT, there was a form option and you could see how a line was calculated.  I dont see how to do that in the online version.....is it possible?  if not, that is a big take away. 
How do I have my state refund directly deposited 
one adult  put three on the w4 the other 0 
In 2013 I filed single but I claim my adult son (who is bipolar and unable to work), I claim him as a dependent on my tax return. I provide more than half his support and he lives with me,. I am self employed and my income showing on my 1099  space 7  was 40,114.84. My adjusted gross income was 12,084.00  In 2014 and 2015 I filed head of household with the same circumsrtances.  Would it be wise to amend my 2013 return to show a filing status of Head of Household instead of single.? Thank You! 
I moved to MN but my employer still deducted CA state taxes for a majority of the year.  How can I fill out the non resident form for CA so that MN can receive the taxes and credit my return appropriately.  This would double my state return amount. 
I am considering selling a rental property and have some concerns about capital gains and depreciation recapture taxes.  Here are the details: Purchased condo as primary residence in 2004 for 167,000.  Refinanced in 2006 with interest-only, cash out loan.  I moved and it became a rental property in 2009.  I have claimed depreciation every year since, totaling $38,461.  Current loan balance is roughly $192,000 and I am looking to sell to my current tenant for $204,000.  We have a broker willing to do the transaction for around $2k.  My understanding is that my loan balance (much higher than my purchase price) is not considered in computing capital gains and depreciation recap meaning my basis is the $167k, giving me a much higher tax liability on both.  Per my calculations, I figure to make around $9k in profit after the sale, yet I will be taxed the following tax year over $15,000!  Is that correct? 
child social was wrong by 2 numbers. it was fixed and efiled twice now. even if my childs social was not used ( we used the wrong social) then used her correct social, will it still be rejected for same reason even if it wasnt used ,since it was to automatically now be paper filed? or was it really illegally used? 
I spent over $40 for your protection and wont to know why the state is fining me. 
I have received notice that my state personal income taxes due were not paid. I have now been penalized more than the total originally due. When looking at the pdf of the tax forms filed, account and routing numbers are present on the federal forms, but are absent from the state return. 
so I paid in and in amended form received a refund but have not gotten the original money taken from my account back yet. 
I was on the phone with them for 3hrs. 5/23/16 
I payed the $60.00 fee to have it saved and i cannot find it! 
I looked in "History" but it is not there. 
Now I owe $1886 and penalty of $73 .. How can I depend on Turbo tax moving forward. I was using turbo tax for past 7 years..Can you help? 
Turbo tax figured my KY state tax and I e-filed  and I was expecting a refund. I called to see why my refund was not sent and I was informed my KY Income tax form was incorrect and I would not be receiving a refund at all.  Is there an error in the program? 
I cant seem to find a transaction on my cards to show that I paid my taxes 
I want to be considered as independent for this years taxes, but I am worried that I might be pass the student test since I did go to high school in five months, but only for four hours a day. 
Please email me a phone # to call to follow up on my taxes owed to IRS that haven't been deducted from my bank since I filed on April 16, 2016. 
Site is telling me to upgrade to Plus version, but will not let me upgrade to that or the deluxe version. 
I want to file asap. Do I have to file 2015 first and then go back? 
I work overseas as contractor. I was not informed that I need to be in overseas for 360 days? Because I signed Form 673, my federal deductions was stopped. I end up paying for 2015 taxes. Need help to justify that I am out of the country form Jul-Dec 2015. 
One partner (of 3) in an LLC receives guaranteed payment. But the K1s show the amount this 1 partner received as income split between all 3. How can I enter this guaranteed payment for one partner but in a manner than it wont appear that all three are getting an equal amount? 
Hello, Im a sold proprietor with an EIN this year. I have a Roth-IRA registered with my SSN already and I contribute every year. Q1. Now I want to open a Roth Individual 401(k). I wonder do I have to register the Roth Individual 401(k) with my EIN ? maybe with SSN is ok too ? Q2. If I have both Roth-IRA and Roth Individual 401k already, can I also open an Individual 401k ? and its contribution limit has to share with Roth Individual 401k contribution limit ? Q3. IRS site shows that I dont need to apply new EIN if I run multi business. My question is One of my business may have a DBA name. Is it Ok to run 2 business in different names under same EIN ? Thanks a lot for your help !! M. 
I have been living in Malawi, Africa since September 2011. I filed my taxes for 2011. After that I was told I didnt need to file since I was making less $20,000 a year. I was a student for the first 3 years I was here so I was only working a little bit. Over the last 18 months or so, I have been working full time. However I have only been making around $10,000 a year. First question, Do I need to file? Second question, if I do, how do I go about it? 
I need to print my 2013 tax returns. I cannot find how. Its requiring a fee, but I cannot see how to pay them. The instructions are not aligning with the pages Im supposed to see. I need this TODAY for a mortgage. Please help. Ive tried on BOTH my iPad, and windows computer. I did my 2015 taxes under a different username. I cant get the two linked together. 
help? email me or call me please? 
If I purchased it through the 2014 tax software, isn't it supposed to work for the 2015 tax year as well. I just purchased it. 
do you have live chat? 
I have filed before same type of Tax return, but this is a program issue or no one is maintaining the site possibly to fix issues. 
When it downloads its blank 
I need to print my 2014 and it will not show me that return. I need to finish 2014 so I can finish 2015 and I need to seen it to IRS 
I graduated from college in May 2015. I began working full time in June a month later.  I worked while in college also. My parent is claiming me as a dependent for 2015 because I was in school half of the year. How will this affect my refund? Will it decrease substantially or is there a way to be claimed for half a year? 
I am wondering if there is any connection between the IRS and TurboTax. 
I didn't get my full refund and need to speak with a real person what is the phone number 
my dividends summary shows a value that is half that showing on the wages and income summary.  I am returning to turbotax after filing an extension and now trying to complete my 2015 return. 
Can I look at my 2014 tax return on line 
The form 2106 calculates my business deductions correctly, but this is not the value brought onto the Statement for Wages, Salaries, and Tips worksheet.  It appears to not take into account the 50% rule for meals & entertainment.   I now have NJ asking for additional tax payments for 2012, and expect this to occur on 2013, 2014, and 2015 returns as I see this issue on each return. 
My refund amount changed per IRS. IRS claims there is an error. I reviewed the lines they said are incorrect, but I do not see it. Turbo Tax calculated the amounts. How do I get them to review? 
The below steps are provided to skip fedral filing. But The option Print and Fie tab is not availiable.To E-file just State:- Click the State Taxes tab.- Click on the Print & File tab.- Choose File a Return.- On the screen Select Returns Youre Ready to E-file.    Under Federal check Do Not E-file my Federal Return now, Ill do it later.    Under State check E-file my State Return now. 
I may have to file an amended return. 
I just filed 2014 taxes when I sighn them do I use the date I did my return that was 5/23/2016?or do I need to back date it? 
Where do I purchase 2013 & 2014? 
I need to know what my taxable income is in box 43. 
This may be the reason for my 2015 tax return being rejected.  Please help me. 
I just want to know that the IRS received my amended return and that my updated refund is on the way. 
I need to talk to somebody at Turbotax 
Our state return did not show state taxes paid. This was done by mistake. Called turbo tax several times, could not get anyone who knew how to fix this problem. Very disappointed, after using turbo tax for so many years. Can this problem be fixed? 
Originally before I bought deluxe i started a practice return on free turbo tax.  Thats whats is on the turbo tax site when I sign in. 
i need to know what i sent in because my printer wasnt working and i dont have a copy of my tax return for 2014 
TurboTax has always done this on our return correctly...why not this year and are you responsible since it is an error on your part in not adding it to our return as in prior years. 
I got a letter from the IRS saying that I have some incorrect information on the income I claimed. The discrepancy is due to a withdrawal of my IRA which is already taxed. They are trying to tax me again on that withdrawal. When I did my taxes, I chose the audit defense but I don't know how to contact them. Please advise. Thanks. 
Does Turbo Tax offer a guarantee in this situation? According to VA Department of Taxation filing Code 52 Long-Term Capital Gain subtraction in my situation was an error and I need to pay the tax due plus accrued interest. 
You sent me instructions that I cannot follow. 
I am in  a middle East country on assignment and I cant call them Kindly look into it for me please 
I filed an amended return on Turbo Tax, but I do not see record of that when I sign in. Where can I go to check the status of that amended return? 
Will I be liable for underpaid taxes to DC at the end of the year if my employer is withholding to the wrong state? Is there a way to transfer my VA withholdings to DC? 
I was a travelling consultant and worked out side OH state most of the year. What should I do now? 
I did filed by e-tax on 02/28. When I filed taxes TurbTax showed I am going to get refund from CA FTB. Today after couple of months CA FTB sent me letter saying I owe them several thousand dollars. I checked with 2 other friends who has similar issue and have used TurboTax this year and having exact same issue. Is this something issue on TT side, not able to connect the missing dots between TT and CA FTB Tax system. Any one faced similar situation. 
My name is Stephanie Doty 
Another person submitted a tax return in my name so I had to mail mine in per IRS.  I paid on March 29, 2016. 
Im from Santiago, Chile 
I am being audited 
I purchased items on an Amazon Wish List for a Non For Profit Dog rescue and they shipped straight to the rescue. I have my amazon receipt. I cant figure out how to list this in its deductible. Its technically an item donation, but the way they have its deductible set up, I am not getting full value for my donation. 
I do not live in America anymore. I also have no contacts there who can help. Unable to call the 1800 nr as that is for some reason not a valid number on my Norwegian phone. I can however recieve calls from USA. 
I am a dependent full time college student. I am considering donating my eggs to help pay for college, among other things. I want to know at what income level I need to pay Texas. I've seen lots of numbers thrown around, such as you need to pay taxes if you make above $6300, but I don't know the answer for sure. Can someone please tell me how much I have to make before I am required to file a tax return on my income? Thanks. 
Company is paying my taxes, but I don't know if I need to do anything else at this time with corrected W-2. 
I just got my netspend card .where. do i put the account number and routing is so the can put the money on my card. 
The answers received are not on TurboTax I am working.  The only option is file extension.  But I have already filed extension and paid $1,500.  So I can not complete my return. 
I had to amend my return after my original return was accepted.  I received a direct deposit for the amount from my original return and sent in a check for what was owed from my amended return.  What is the timeline for the original direct deposit to be taken back out of my bank account? 
I filed a deployment that occurred in March of 2016.  How do I amend my return which has already been accepted to show this was not in 2015? 
i need to know my tax id 
Bob Meighan and Turbo Tax PeopleRE: Request For Payment  2015 Tax Return As your e-mail states: the IRS has put my 2015 tax refund (WHICH YOU PROCESSED!) on hold because of some error WHICH IS YOUR FAULT! I received a letter from them, dated May 16, 2016 asking me to complete some form 8962 and include information from and a copy of form 1095Ainvolving some health insurance marketplace bullshit!So, when I tried to go online to the official IRS website to download this 8962 form, I ended up getting some malware/snoopware called: Myway installed on my Firefox internet browser windows, that I cant get rid of. I even called the lame-ass IRS toll free # included in this letter and waited about 2 hours each day for several dayseven the local Salt Lake City, UT IRS office phone # is a POS! What a bunch of worthless, incompetent, money-grubbin, good-for-nothing government entitiesAnd Im not real impressed with you turbotax people either; to say the leastWHY WASNT THIS DONE BY YOU PEOPLE IN THE FIRST PLACE!? THIS IS YOUR FAULT AND I AM NOT PAYING YOU A DIME, UNTIL THIS 8962 FORM, HEALTH INSURANCE BULLSHIT GETS STRAIGHTENED OUT AND RESOLVED!!!Which I am doing on my own, no thanks to you.I am disgusted that you people have the gall to ask for payment, when you fucked up my tax returnthats adding insult to injury, and Im considering filing suit against you in federal court. Frustrated with corporate greed and corruption,[PII Removed] 
I received a bill from state of mi for 2011. I used turbo tax but cant  access my MI return. can I please have that sent to me 
My son no longer has documentation to file an amended return.  He lost his W2 and has no copy of e-filed return.  He is active-duty military, and wont take time to amend his return for me.  His 2015 income was only about $800, so he probably owed no tax anyway, and his refund might not change if he amended.  Losing the deduction cost me about $4000, so it is very important for me to amend MY return. 
As a US citizen living abroad for the 2015 tax year, I get an automatic extension till June 15, 2016 for filing my 2015 tax returns. I am a US Citizen who lived abroad (outside of US) for entire tax year of 2015. Where do I report a TAX RETURN payment made in 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015? 
I wanted to amend my 2015 tax return but was using a wrong account and forwarded payment credit card info and want to cancel it now 
It was based on IRA contributions. 
I have not filed my 2015 Tax returns yet as I am still waiting for some important tax documents. However as a US citizen living abroad, I am eligible for an automatic 2 month extension which allows me to file by June 15, 2016 instead of the regular filing deadline of April 15, 2016.Through the turbotax software, I figured out the tax amount I would need to pay for my 2015 Tax year  and made a TAX RETURN payment in May 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015. My question is that when I finally decide to file my 2015 tax year returns through Turbo Tax, Where do I report the TAX RETURN payment made in 2016 via IRS Direct Pay for Tax Year 2015? 
My client was 8 years old when he was sexually violated by Catholic now deceased Priest, now 70 years later he received moneyThe question is taxable or not 
What are all the addresses to send the completed 433-D form? 
Ok, from your other answers it would appear this is a scam.  That being the case should I report this to someone? 
I am divorcing and want a copy of my joint returns added to my personal account without affecting the account my husband and I currently share.  (The personal account I mentioned I had before I married my husband.)  How is this done? 
I am a US citizen working remotely (from the US) for a UK company with no US presence. I am a full-time employee with this company and am paid through their payroll with UK taxes deducted.How do I declare this income to the IRS without a W2 form? Would this be considered Less Common Income if it is my full-time (and only) job?Thank you for any advice. 
I filed an extension because my gmail had locked me out of all my devices and requested to have my email on turbo tax changed so i could finally finish it but it continued to deny my request for change. I already recieved my visa card with my name on it and have it activated as well. 
Please make available to me the entire 2014 and 2015 Tax Return. 
2015 total family income is roughly 117K, which includes my full-time income (80K) and husbands two jobs of about 17K each for the year + 1K for EI due unemployement + $720 for UCCB.  We have two children, ages 13 & 9 and residing in Canada.  We have filed our taxes as married for the first time since a long-term separation.  We got back together midway through the year.After completing tax return it shows us a refund of about 1K, but no child tax benefit.  Based on governments website calculations, as well as Liberals plan we are supposed to be getting roughly $350 in child tax benefit based on our income of about 117K.  Why doesnt Turbotax show this? It has always showed Child Tax amounts after tax return is completed prior to it being sent to CRA. 
I entered investment info in TurboTax Premier.  TurboTax said Schedule D is not needed (it checked the box on 1040 line 13).  TurboTax did not generate a Schedule D for submission to the IRS.  The IRS wants a copy of Schedule D.  How do I get Schedule D without changing any information already entered in TurboTax and provided to the IRS? 
I have attempted, since February or March, to efile my State tax return and it is still being rejected. The only thing it says is wrong, is NOT wrong (e signature message). Is it too late to file now? Am I going to be penalized for this and lose my return? What should I do? 
Please help me what this is for? 
I ran the numbers in Turbo Tax and found I owe money both to the state and the IRS. Do I send a check, or do I have to file for an extension? It's a month past the April 18th deadline already. 
What are the recommended next steps? 
I can't change the schedule from 40 to 27.5 years allowed for residential rental property. 
They gave me 20 days to respond and I missed the deadline.  They are asking me to send them a copy of page 1 and 2 of my return, amounts and dates of all estimated tax payments I paid for this tax year and any supporting documents verifying income and withholdings. 
i did my 2015 taxes with you, and i just need a copy of my taxes 
no 
At the time of filing, TurboTax said that my 1095-A info wasnt needed. The IRS says a completely different story!! Thanks a lot, TurboTax!! How do I include it now that its all said and done???? 
Why do you send my answer to an old (inaccessible) email which I have specifically changed to a new one??????? 
I received an email saying that I need to pay my TurboTax fee. Initially the payment was going to come out of my return, but the return is taking too long. I can't find where to pay the fee on the TurboTax website when I log in. 
I immediately paid $103 online directly to the CA State tax board. Clearly, something happened between TurboTax and the Tax board. The bill from the Tax Board for $103 shows indicated not payment received  from TurboTax. Please investigate and refund or credit to my account the $103.00 
Is my company allowed to make me manually withhold my DC taxes if they refuse to set it up in their system. 
for tax year 2014 state of north carolina contacted me about sending to them a copy of my fed 1040 and 1099 copies. Dont they get a copy of fed when they get a copy of my state on e-file? 
Both of my 2015 Colorado Federal and State tax return on TurboTax. I feel I am entitled to both my refund. 
I live in the state of Nevada, I had to pay last year to IRS. IRS has taken out money I owe 
I have not paid my mortgage on an investment property in almost 4 years while going through a divorce.  Now that its over I am being granted a modification on the mortgage and will start making payments again but the escrow will be rolled into the loan and I will pay it over time.  Knowing that now, can I claim the 2015 property taxes on my 2015 tax return? and if not can I ever claim those taxes that I will be repaying? and if so, how do I calculate that? 
Our total social security benefit was $ 31,962. Turbo rounded up to $32,000 and I had to pay taxes on my social security benefits. How can that be fixed? 
The tax preparation, filing fees and fees for an Identity protection service were deducted from my refund.  I want to provide these numbers to my mortgage broker so that I can have my loan refinanced. Where can I find these information? I used TurboTax online. 
they where aprove a long time ago. 
Specifically, if business purchases are planned, and an LLC wasn't officially formed yet, should the LLC paperwork be completed and the purchases made after the date the LLC is formed?  Does the date of purchase need to be after the date the LLC is formed in order to deduct it as a business expense? 
I was a subcontractor to a company and they had me report hours as if I was an employee.  I should have submitted invoices, they are being audited and now wants me to got back and create invoices.  Is that legal and/or acceptable by IRS. 
I click the link to download my file in *.tax format but no file downloads. 
If I file "married filing jointly" I can get a decent Earned Income Credit. I am poor. But the form would not go through because the IRS says his SS number doesn't match his name. He won't tell me the correct number. If I file Head of Household, am I lying? Also, as a "single parent" filing Head of Household, why would my EIC be so low? I had tried a free program on the IRS website and it has me paying $521 more to the IRS if I file Head of Househole but Turbo Tax shows me getting $1300 back in EIC if I file married filing jointly. I need to send an amended return if I can because I cannot pay $521!! 
Should I expect to receive a letter from the IRS? If I want a letter, how would I get one? 
I recently won a civil court settlement, the money will be reported on a 1099-MISC.The other party is not my employerI have two questions:1- The other party wants me to fill out a W9 form. Why is a W9 needed?2- The other party says I have to pay their share of taxes. Is it required by law that I pay their share of taxes? 
Me and my wife got married in 2014 but she didnt have a social security number until 2016 and i filed head of household should i ammend my taxes to add her social and change to married 
I have looked under both possible emails and when I look for my 2015 return it tries to get me to start it! I have already filed!!! 
I put 5500 in tax filing for my wife IRA account. But actual funded into IRA account was 2500. 
Ugg! I have already filed and just want to download my tax paperwork while I already filed with Turbo tax and just want to save it!!  I don't need to repay for it. 
its web designing 
I paid for 2015 turbo tax but it won't let me access my 2015 return, how can I get access to my return? 
Are the premiums taxable income to the 2 employees? 
My federal income form wages,etc shows $148374.72 but my State Form (Ma) wages show $14,374. I am trying to complete my state form that I did not submit in 2014. How can I fix this error? 
Same question  -  read above 
When must one use a 1041 and K-1 forms? 
I was the power of attorney, so filed the taxes. I lost the pdfs to hardware problem, now need access to the prior taxes to complete the closing of the estate. I am aware the estate needs to file; I just need the tax records prior to death. 
Is this legitimate IRS request or a scam.?What do I do next ?They want payment by 6-22-16 
I live and file in VA.  My self-employment brings in more income than my full-time job.  Can I just ask for more withholding from my full-time employer? 
what do I do? 
help 
I submit two times for the return. I needs before return forms 
I have done the correct this 9,000 times= 0 for AGI Have never filed taxes before first time 
How can I just file federal? 
I did not use Turbo Tax for my 2015 return and lost my copy on my old PC due to a virus. 
If I sell my home in under 2 years of living in it and reinvest that money into another home within a year will I be subject to paying capital gains tax since I am reinvesting that money? 
I was an Assistant Teacher in Austria from October 2014-May 2015. I don't know how to enter that information into the tax forms. 
how do i change my routing number to the correct one? 
The mother claims her as dependent on taxes usually, but should she get to claim all of the tuition even if she didnt pay for it all? 
It showed it was not completed, it asking me to pay again.Why is this.I should not have to pay twice.Is this something you are able to assist with? 
How do I make an amended report? Forms?? 
your software isn't compatible with window 10 
address to send the money i owe??? 
I got a notification that I didn't finish filing my taxes. My account says all my filings have been accepted and my payment schedule is set up. Can somebody help verify? 
I've entered all of my 1098T information and I get a message to fix errors but I don't know how there could be an error 
Took first withdrawal from Roth 2015. Age is appropriate for w/d. 
I am an E-5 in the Navy and I dont make a lot of money to begin with. I am now being assessed a $1,870 penalty from the IRS due to under reporting my income on my 2014 tax return. I used the Turbo Tax Import W-2 feature (which was newly launched) and after uploading W-2 and working through my entire tax return and submitting, my refund came swiftly. I was unable to file with my wifes SSN because she held an ITIN for the prior year, but the W-2 that was imported was actually the 2013 and not the 2014. The calculations for my non-resident alien spouse were pulled from my 2013 W-2 so the entirety of the math calculations was off.I am attempting to see what steps need to be taken, moving forward. I understand fully if I am liable in this situation, as I should have balanced the numerical information against the paper W-2, but at that time I was unable to access MyPay to pull my W-2 and I assumed that the import feature would have worked as advertised. 
I would like copy of my tax return. 
and did not file but I paid turbo tax 
KS information line where I can speak to a live representative. 
I am a freelance videographer in Illinois.  I filmed for an Indiana video production company for a day (in Indiana), and received a 1099-MISC.When I go state taxes on TurboTax, it asks:Name the business and FEINThe company that issued the 1099-MISC, correct?County of EmploymentDo I put the companys county location or that Im from Illinois ?Federal income\n\nBusiness Entity C, I assumeNet Federal Business Income or (Loss) ,Bonus Depreciation/Other Add-backs, U.S. Government Bond Interest What are all of those?  My totals from federal, or just what I earned in Indiana as reported on the 1099-MISC?Apportionment: Gross Receipts (Sales), Total Within Indiana, Total Within and Outside of IndianaWhat are all of these?Im sorry, this is my first time trying to tackle these on my own, and so many answers online dont seem applicable to my situation.\n 
How do I provide my information onto your site? 
I don't feel as if I should have to pay for a state tax return that was in error because of your software. I think you need to refund , at the very least, the filing fee. 
My computer crashed and I lost 2014. IRS wants more money so I need my return. Can you provide it for me? 
If my spouse was deceased prior to taking is 2016 RMD. How do I enter this information in turbotax online?I have withdrawn his 2016 RMD, How do I file correctly in our 2016 final joint return , A portion of the rmd was withdrawn after his IRA was rolled over into mine  . Can it be efiled??? 
did not file for 2015 
I am not sure why these documents are not available for me for past years as I have used Turbo tax for multiple years. 
My wife filed married separate and I filed an ext. We then decided to file jointly since it maximized the return. I completed the 1040x and joint return but now she says she wont sign it even though I have signed it. What happens if I just go ahead and file my tax married separate but then she signs the amended return as married jointly and sends that as well? 
Due to I bought Turbo Tax from Amazon not from online, but system still kept the old one. 
Hi.  I have a family HDHP through my work, which gives me a max 2016 contribution limit of $6,750.  I wanted to contribute the max amount early on in 2016 and on my final contribution to do this, I accidentally contributed $250 too much.  :-(  My HSA custodian says that making an excess distribution would be subject to a $25 fee.  After reading some posts on this subject here, my foggy understanding is that I can leave this excess $250 in my HSA account, pay a 6% penalty to the government at the time of filing my 2016 taxes (because that would be cheaper than the $25 bank fee), and then report the $250 on my 2017 taxes as a 2017 HSA contribution amount.  Is that correct?If that is correct, would anyone please be able to give me a little guidance on what doing this would look like via Turbo Tax online when I file my 2016 taxes?  Id just like to get a clearer understanding right now (rather than later) so that I can make sure Im making the right decision right now.  (Either have the bank do an excess distribution right now and pay their fee, or leave the excess contribution and roll it over to next year and pay the government penalty.)Thanks! 
I have recently sold a rental property, however I still have depreciating goods associated with it.  I replaced the carpet, A/C, & hot water heater 3 years ago, and still have ~$4800 in depreciation.  Can I write this off my taxes this year? 
I don't know how to get this info onto my tax form. 
Running Windows 7 
Just trying to find out if a 401k hardship withdrawal from the Railroad should be taxable as income in WV? They held out Federal tax but not State, and it was used for medical expenses. 
Helloreceived yesterday an e-mail saying Youre using a different TurboTax account this year but on the 19th you sent me an e-mail Your 2015 tax return was started, using your info from last year. how many accounts do I have? is there a problem? I am in France so if you give me your number I can call youthank you, [PII Removed] 
I want to set up an online installment payment plan with the state of Missouri, but need the PIN from the bill I received.  I have not received a bill for the amount.  I was wondering when I could expect to receive the bill from the state for the amount owed. 
i paid for the premium version and havent gotten refund 
What will happen to my information and how will the person asking me for the W9 use it? Who finds out that I received payment(IRS, people who claim me as dependents, etc)? Will i get any letters from the employer or IRS? Will i have to fill out anything for the IRS? 
I filed 2014 refund via mail. How do I check the processing status? I \ncannot get my 2015 return until I got my 2014 refund. Thanks. 
I still haven't received my ammended  check after nearly a month of being complete, just need a number to call. 
After spending more than an hour on the phone with my husband, trying to even make me an authorized user, we were not able to cancel QB. 
I just received a corrected 1098 and my box 4 increased by slightly over 100 dollars. Do I need to amend? 
Turbo tax said I'd get back $1363 
I amended my return and I haven't heard any response? 
the gross income when i filed my taxes is incorrect.  How can i amend it? 
Please help me get a copy of my daughters taxes.  I need to send them to California to prove she paid taxes in CA 
How to amend 2014 taxes 
I am trying to predict capital gains tax on the sale of a home that was gifted to me by my father.  I live in California and have possessed it for about 3 months.  He inherited it from his mother when she passed.  At her passing, the value was $300,000.  I will probably sell it for $500,000.  I looked at IRS PUB 523 and this section in particular:Home\nReceived as Gift To determine your basis if\nyou received your home as a gift, you will need to know most of the following:    The adjusted basis of the person who gave it to you\n(the donor), and    The homes fair market value at the time of the gift,\nas it was appraised for federal gift tax purposes (or for state gift tax\npurposes if the federal gift tax does not apply).  In some cases, you will\nalso need to know how much federal gift tax was paid when you received the\nhome.If the donors adjusted\nbasis was more than the homes value, use the donors adjusted basis as your\nbasis. However, if you find this results in a loss in line 7c, under How to Figure Your Gain or Loss Worksheet , earlier, you are treated as having neither\na gain nor a loss.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf the donors adjusted\nbasis was less than or equal to the homes value, your basis will depend on\nwhen you received the home.IF I understand that correctly, my dads adjusted basis was less than the homes current value, so my current basis will be dependent on when I received the home, therefore minimal or no capital gains tax will have to be paid.  Is that correct for federal?  How about for California? 
I just received my refund check after filing an Injured Spouse Form 8379. However, the refund amount I received is over $1,500 less than what I should have received. Does anyone know how they calculate the injured spouses refund amount?  A little background info.. My wife has some student loans that are in default from before we were married. She is a stay at home mom with our three children and she did not make any income last year. Everyone in my household is my (children) dependant, so I would think I should get the entire original refund amount. I dont get why my refund is 30% less after filing the injured spouse form when my spouse didnt have any income last year. Has anyone had any luck disputing their refund amount? If so, what number did you call? Currently, the IRS phone system is useless! 
According to  ..https://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html    I, and many others,  only need to pay 85% tax NOT 100%  TURBO DEMANDS. I PAID FOR THIS, YES, start for free, then its $39, at end it somehow went up to $60. NICE? 
got an e-mail saying i owe more money for file my return 
Entered all my information, then filed an extension through TurboTax.  Need to access the information 
the amounts are 382.84, 306.00, 306.00, 306.00, 3381.44, 383.52, 383.52, 383.52, and 383.52. We need these amounts included in Catherine's 2015 return 
On my pay stub it is combined together as salary. 
My name is [Removed] 
When I file next year will I be able to claim her as anything to get more back? I know she is a federal exemption on my LES for active duty. I'm trying to support myself and her and she has no job and no income. 
I am simply trying to get access to my 2008 and 2009 returns, which I paid for and filed through TurboTax.  Now when trying to access them I am told I have to pay for this year's return to do so.  I have already filed this year's taxes externally so it seems really silly for me to be required to effectively do my taxes again, just so I can pay 29.99 to get access to documents that I should have free access to.  As it stands right now there is no way for me to get to this information without completing a 2015 return. 
I have a Nova Scotia equity tax credit for more than my 2015 Nova Scotia tax amount. I would like to carry back the unused portions for my 3 previous years provincial tax. When I enter this my turbo tax return amount does not change. Will I in fact receive a refund for the amounts claimed against previous years? 
I need to amend the medical expense deduction. I first amended the returns to add long term care insurance premiums paid. I have received the refund for this change. I now need to amend health insurance showing additional premiums paid. 
please help because turbotax took payment for filing out of my federal return but Georgia says it did not get it 
How can I print a return thats not 171 pages. I just need the basics for a loan. 
I have been filing with Turbo Tax for 20 years. 
I can't figure out how to print my 2014 return. 
I'm looking to submit an offer on a house and they have requested a copy of my federal tax returns for 2014 and 2015.  How do I access those documents? 
I no longer have the option to upgrade to PLUS 
Please give a step by step explanation. 
I'm trying to upgrade to "PLUS" but it never offered me the option to pay, and now the option to purchase it is greyed out, and I still don't have access to my past returns. 
I need to copy my 2014 taxes.  I do not see them under my account.  how would I print them. 
I have the 1095-A the stated to update my page 2 and send it in with the two forms. 
My father transferred his home to other family members, retaining a life  The home was sold before his death.  Is the remainder owner's part considered long or short term gain? 
HiI rented my apartment that I live in for 3 days and stayed in it for 362 days. I have a 1099K from AirBnB. I go through the rental income question but TurboTax says that I shouldn't include the income. Is that ok? Should I try to somehow mention that I rented out my property for three days so I don't get an audit? 
I short, i'm trying to upgrade to plus in order to acess and download my 2014 tax documents. And i was told to upgrade to plus, but i can't upgrade.I've tried all relative questions i can find, but none seem to answer my problem. Thanks in advance,Ismail 
I currently have two 401(k) plans with two previous employers.  In each of these two plans, I also have some Roth 401(k) contributions, totaling < 10k.  I would like to roll over these accounts into a Roth IRA.  My reasoning is that I can then withdraw the money for a home purchase.  If I understand correctly, money withdrawn from a Roth IRA can be used tax-free, penalty-free toward a home purchase if the initial contribution dates over 5 years, and the amount is <10k, and it is used for a home in <120 days.  My question is, there is no info on whether these rules still apply to Roth 401(k) money rolled into a Roth IRA?  Would the rollover create a taxable event?  Also, is there a rule on how long the Roth IRA has to exist before withdrawls can be made?  Or a maximum rollover amount?  Lastly, my first Roth 401(k) contribution was indeed over 5 years ago, but these contributions were made on a bi-weekly basis so the last contribution was not.  Does that matter? 
Consistently chose options consistent with free federal and $29.99 state tax filing. Consistently declined premium benefits. Paid with CC rather than deduct from federal return, but was charged the additional $34.99 anyway. 
How do I contact turbo tax? How do I contact my audit protection? 
When I did my initial tax return the accountant used the wrong income and the IRS said I owed them money, I paid the amount but then realized they were using the wrong W-2. I mailed in the corrected paperwork but only received the $$ back that I had mailed in as a penalty. I'm wondering if I had filed the forms correctly if I shouldn't have been given a refund? 
Trying to get it for my accountant, I'd really appreciate anyone's help! 
Ive got 2 T4As for 2 separate one-day jobs, both only have box 48 filled out. TurboTax is not letting me submit my return until I finish forms to be self-employed, but Im not self employed. 
I went to the web site idverify. It said it would  not accept it. What do I do? 
I did not apply my 2014 Tax return, therefore d?d not received any returns. I would like to apply for 2014 tax return so what kind of prodecure should I follow and what kind of document should I provide? 
2014 and 2015 do not show up, though I paid and completed both w/ Turbo.  I need to print 2015 quickly.  HELP 
How about give me back the money you stole from me first, it was 39.00 then 79.00 then 111.00 then 197.00 
how does depreciation work.  I plan to pay 30% down and morgage the rest 
I live abroad (so have automatic extension until June 15) and mailed in my tax return; I just got it back in the mail because I forgot to sign. I need to make changes to it anyway...can I do this in TurboTax without amending? If so, how and where? 
I did not receive my STATE TAXES even though the federal ones I did. And I cant track the refund on MA website 
In my state return, the same bank account was used to pay the amount I owe to NJ and CA, and  the respective amounts were withdrawn but the refund from IRS which sent on 4/20/2016 is not deposited yet! 
Tried to pay with my credit card, but got this error:  shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; 
This says to enter freelance income without a 1099 as Other Income (which I did) https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2253707-how-do-i-enter-income-for-freelance-work-without-having-a-...But everything Ive read since then says I need to do a Schedule C and SE. What is accurate? Do I need to amend my taxes now? 
I took a bonus for leaving early, and closed my w2.  I just need a copy of my w2 
filed my sons taxes with turbotax and need a copy of it 
I just need to find a copy of my 2014 Turbo Tax return so I can download it to present to the bank. I'm trying to buy a house and it's one of those requirements. 
What do I need to do in order to get back  the penalty 
2015 tax document are not on my timeline for download 
for try(3) purchased home and business upgrade direct and it was down loaded .Now I get msg. .the file : "C\\program files ...x86 Config. has an invalid signature 
I logged into my bank online and there is 4 charges for my filing fee 
I believe I recieved a monthly advance payment of PTC o f $180 for the mnths I was insured. need to enter amount on pg2 line 46 
Since 2013, I have been missing them from my Turbo Tax submissions ! I did not know this and now they want to revoke my license. Where can I file RCT-101 electronically and/or with Turbo tax?! 
Im not sure how to fill out line 31 for the lifetime learning credit. What information do I use to figure this out? 
How do I access and print my 2014 return? 
The institution holding an IRA that I am the beneficiary of informed me that I had not taken the required distributions for two years. 
Does each owner(equal owner=3) of my company need to complete the business portion? 
I have lawyer expense in 2015 for empleyment purpose. When I include the lawyer fee (regardless of the amount) it is not changing my 2015 Federal return. Looks to me a bug 
I want to completely clear all my information from this webside. 
my tax preparers never asked me these questions 
The irs website tells me they can't tell me the status. I call the IRS and they tell me the same. 
I can't reach anyone by phone and neither the website or tax transcript say anything about an injured spouse claim. Its been 13 weeks since it was mailed (February 18th, 2016). This is so frustrating and I hate to think I've been waiting and they don't even have it. I'm afraid to send another one as I don't want to cause any confusion that could delay even longer. 
[PII Removed] name is eric 
I received a notice from the CA Franchise Tax Board stating that the calculation son my return are incorrect and that I owe $500++. Instead of the refund that turbo tax computed for $260++ mow I have to pay, is there somebody who can review the return and get back to me. This is frustrating! 
I have called my bank and IRS. 
I came to US for the first time in 2015, April last week and as of 12-31-2015, total number of days = 251. I am on H-1B and my wife (H4) arrived in September, 2015.I filed a paper return Form 1040NR-EZ (Filing status: Married nonresident alien) and submitted in person @ the IRS local office along with my wifes W-7 (ITIN) application.My wife received a letter from IRS rejecting her ITIN (W-7) application and the reason stated as your name wasnt listed as a primary, secondary, or dependent on the U.S. tax return that you includedI cross checked my return and to my surprise there isnt any field to enter spouse details. But in Form 1040NR, there is a field to enter the spouse details under Filing Status BUT we can only enter the details if we select either 3. Married resident of Canada or Mexico or married U.S. national (or) 4. Married resident of South Korea.Can someone please help me to correct the tax return to include my wifes name.Form 1040NR - [removed]Thanks in advance. 
i did not mean to choose deluxe, and i can't seem to undo it. How can i get back to free? 
I invested 13000 in a real estate mortgage business in the mid2000's and as of yet I have nothing in return and don't think the business will take off. Can I claim this as a bed business investment and if so, where would I claim it? 
Hi all, wondering if I can get a idea on tax liability from selling my rental property .We bought the  house in 2004 for $235K, added about $25K in improvements . It was our primary residence till 2012 before  converting to rental. FMV in 2012 for cost basis/depreciation was $160K & since then I have claimed $24K in depreciation. We are contemplating selling the house this summer thru a realtor & are expecting ~ $200K in the sale price . We are also changing the carpets & re-painting due to wear & tear from tenants worth ~$10K before the sale.Given this scenario what could my tax liability be for 2016 ? It is bit confusing since I read somewhere in these forums that if my sale price was less that the original purchased price there is no loss or gain. Thanks in advance. 
how do i get tax papers for  a blank 2014 self employed 
Please advise on how to fix, and when to expect my refund on prep fees. I will be investigating other options in future such as H&R Block if not compensated. 
now I can't write of his tuition for collage which is messing my taxes up this year. Can you go back and correct his return ? 
my personal car is used for work. my company pays me an allowance for my auto and shows it on my w-2 box 14. i usually file a 2106 for all my expenses that they do not reimburse me for because I work out of my home. I only pay $422 for my vehicle payment per month. My w-2 doesnt reflect this amount in box 1, it only reflects the amount of box 12, code D for my 401K plan. some of your answers to this questions state that box 14 is only for information only, and others state that its coming out of box 1. Do I need to pick this number up on my tax return? Should i be putting it somewhere on the 2106? 
I need the hard copy of my W-2 within the past three years. I was wondering whether Turbotax kept this information? 
I received a CP24 Notice indicating that I had forgotten to include an estimated tax payment.  Therefore my refund was increased by the amount of that payment.  Would this change my state tax return and do I need to file an amended federal and state return? 
I work in a foreign country and I pay them taxes. I know I can claim them back on my federal but how about Ca taxes ? Similar question has been asked and the answer was it will be credited from the federal and the federal will transfer it to the state . I am not able to understand this. Can someone explain it to me ? Thank you 
CA Tax board wants me to [pay and additional $2456 
I'm trying to update my financial aid file for school and while scanning documents realized what my parents initially thought I needed to report is about 10k less than what ended up being reported. I need to update this information for school records but can't seem to find where to update it 
As I have already applied as single, and its accepted by IRS and got my tax retunrns deposited in my account.  Can I change re apply for the tax returns as Married status ? 
You sent me my verification code to my phone via text everything is done except that. 
They were requesting paperwork to support the income I claimed 
I thought I emailed a pdf to myself but cant find it. I need it for student loans. 
I need it for student loans. I just files with plus in march. 
I use TurboTax for my taxes as a self-employed person (independent contractor) working with my wife from home. I am a journalist and do information related work for other people. My work involves building websites, taking photographs, writing. My wife does marketing. We cannot hire anybody to do the work. How do we pay ourselves for the work we do? 
Its my first time doing my state taxes in this state. 
name is Franklin DeHaro and check is incorrected its spell De Harto 
I am trying to submit other income to my tax return but cannot find it anywhere. I completed my t4 slip but I need to claim additional income I have received 
I was supposed to get a check for rent credit from my taxes and have not yet received anything 
Good afternoon,Please advise how I apply for the refund of my Turbo Tax purchase price.Thankfully the amount of money I owe the state of Vermont is not going to cause me a great hardship, however I am a single mother of three kids and didnt plan to have to pay back a portion of my tax refund.  If for any reason you are not satisfied with TurboTax, we will refund your purchase price.Please send instructions for me to apply for my refund of my purchase price.Respectfully,[PII Removed] 
They don't need an amended return, but the amount of taxes they say I owe seems very high. 
I already looked at the FAQ and it said to go into My Settings, but the next step they gave wasn't even an option. I also had someone call me, but it was just a robot and then it was disconnected. 
I downloaded the 2012 tax return and started it, but then had to get a new computer.  I already paid for it, can I download it again for free? 
the feds sent my payment to my account where is it. 
I paid to do my return online then my work said they issued the incorrect EID # so i had to do an amendment to the original which then forced me to mail in the return but the paper copies had no dollar amount to issue a check so I spoke to the rep and she apologized so i issued 2 checks to cover my bases. Can anyone tell me when my return will arrive.  i can 't seem to get the information correct on the refund status page at the IRS. 
I got my return accepted on Jan 20. And then found out that was under review got the letter to do but wait 45 days. I waited and nothing changed called they said it was never looked t and they would send a referral out for it to be looked at and would to wait another 45 days so waited 30 days called and was told that there was never a referral put out so this guy said he would do it now to wait 45 more days like what's going on 
I've used Turbo Tax for years and now need to retrieve my 2014 filing - where can I find it on the Turbo Tax site? 
Im receiving mortgage assistance from the Hardest Hit Fund (specifically, Keep Your Home California). According to both Publication 530 and Notice 2015-77, Im allowed to deduct the payments I made during the year to the servicer, but not more than whats shown on my 1098 Mortgage Interest Statement. Also, according to Notice 2015-77, the servicer may, but is not required to, report all the interest that was paid by both me and the Hardest Hit Fund. The problem is, the servicer says they will not report the interest paid by the hardest hit fund, and the policy seems like it will cost me quite a bit of my mortgage interest deduction for my 2016 return. (I do have enough income to qualify for the deduction from a severance payment at the beginning of year.)So, my question is, is there any way around this? Can I tell the IRS that the 1098 is incorrect? I cant seem to convince my servicer to change their policy, even though they say they will be manually calculating my 1098. It seems like, legally, its their choice, so is there anything I can do? 
I know that I live in a community property state however I am not sure if I split all incomes and taxes 50/50. 
This was the first year I received a 1098-T form from my university, and I claimed the American Opportunity and Lifetime Learning Tax Credit. However, Ive been in school full-time and worked part-time for several years, and I dont think Ive claimed it before this year. Can I retroactively fill out 8863 forms for previous years and retroactively receive the Education Tax Credit? 
I finished my taxes and got charged for PLUS a service I never added to it. I am now restarting them, but want to make sure that I don't have PLUS enabled this time around. 
How do I view my 2014 TurboTax online. I have been trying and can't seem to get it done. 
There is no link to amend my 2015 taxes per the email instructions from Intuit. How am I supposed to do this with no way to get to the amend part online??? 
I entered the wrong cell phone number. How do I correct it IN MY ACCOUNT! 
how do I either combine accounts or pay for the upgrade to see my returns? 
Can I do more than one return with my account? 
[phone number removed] just wont be accepted by my telephonic line, [phone number removed] just told me to call [phone number removed] and that number appears as non existant. Please someone help me here its almost going to be 20 weeks since I filed for my tax return. 
I have two jobs. One as a pizza delivery and the other a computer operator. I read that a 2% deduction based on the Adjusted Gross Income  is deducted from the valued amount on the miles. I dont know if the AGI is calculated from the combined total of both jobs or just from the delivery job. 
I have a w2 from 2007 and i was wondering if i am able to file through turbotax online? 
Who can I contact to stop the installment payment process? 
Im in Canada. Canada and the US have an agreement on dual taxation on social security and medicare. I have a Certificate of Coverage stating that I am exempt from US laws regarding social security and medicare taxes by virtue of Article V of the agreement. TurboTax slaps me with the SET when I fill out Schedule C. I cant find a way to remove it. Is there a way? 
I actually did try to efile, but the efile failed.  So I printed the return and mailed it in.  And I have heard nothing from the IRS. 
I filed my taxes electronically prior to the tax deadline and requested a installment agreement with an upfront payment and monthly reoccurring to be auto debited from my bank account. It is now almost June and I have not heard anything from the IRS and have not had any amounts debited from my bank account. 
Need to file amended return for 2015 E filed return. Want to open return in version of T.T. used to file. Trying to open that version results in offer to update but, no way to proceed without accepting update. How do I open without updating? 
Do I still have to amend my return if I didn't itemize deductions? 
I followed the steps in your website but no luck. 
Used turbo tax to file my taxes on 4/16/16. About a week later received my mn state refund. Wor says fed refund still processing. It is May 26th 2016. Recieved an email from TT saying they are going to debit my account next tues because my refund has not been sent. Very angry. 
I have a username and password with Turbo Tax.  Is there anyway that my returns are saved there? 
Your form 1040 is blank, illegible, missing, or damaged, and we can't process it. You must resubmit the original completed form along with your original signature and all applicable schedules, forms, and attachments. Form 8692 is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the form with information that supports $44.00 on line 69, Form 1040. Schedule C is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the form with information that supports $23,839.00 on line 12, Form 1040. Schedule 8812 is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the schedule with information the supports $2,000.00 on line 67, Form 1040. Schedule EIC is incomplete or missing from your return. Complete the schedule with information that supports $5,548.00 on line 66a, Form 1040 
who will my refunds get to me 
Ive unfortunately reached a point with my disability that I am unable to work enough to pay for my student loans I have filed for total permanent disability. I found out when researching this that once the loan is forgiven the IRS considers all of it taxable income. Both subsidized and unsubsidized loans total around $25000.00. Could you counsel me on how much that will end up costing me in taxes and how I go about setting up some kind of payment plan for it. THank You,[name removed] 
GIVE ME BACK MY [profanity removed] 
My employer does not hold taxes on my behalf, how can I pay my income taxes? 
How do I pull up my 2015 file that is in progress  - it says ready to file but there is nowhere to click 
My IRS letter is basically stating that my return does not match my 1099 from my HSA provider. The HSA provider shows distributions paid - which I entered into Turbo Tax. I also checked the box that confirmed ALL distributions were for qualified medical expenses. I assume the e-filed return indicates this somewhere? However, when reviewing the PDF of my 2014 return, the HSA section basically shows blank fields for the distribution portions. So the IRS is saying these distributions should have been entered as taxable income, and that I owe the tax on that amount. Is there something from the e-file, or some reference I can make, to show that I indicated these HSA distributions as qualified medical expenses? 
Is there a video describing how to figure estimated taxes? 
So in the following year there is no box 1 income so I dont fill out a k-1 for box 1.  Will the prior year k-1 be forwarded?  Since I only complete on K-1 in the following year for box 2 income I assume to complete the other boxes as well which were assigned to the K-1 with box 1 income the prior year.  Does it matter where it goes as long as it is reported?  When the LLC dissolves how will both k-1s be reported?  Chances are some boxes could have been reported on the wrong K-1 perhaps.  Does it really matter which K-1 it is when you dissolve the LLC and hence close the K-1? 
Do I need to file FBAR for 2015 if I moved out of USA permanently in April 2016. I will not be moving back to USA. 
turbo tax reported business k-1 investment of $2,822 as a loss on 1040 line 17 and Sch E lines 32 & 41, HOWEVER $2,822 was reported as a gain on form 4797 and Sch D part II line 11.  What gives? 
They said "Your refund was mailed on April 29, 2016. If you do not receive your refund, please wait until May 27, 2016 to contact us as we are unable to take any further action until then. I didn't see any Email address there and tried to call but didn't get through. Is there any other way I can reach them? Millions thanks in advance! 
In December 2013 I began a new job and they offered me a $4,000 reimbursement for my moving expenses. It was under an accountable plan where I paid for the expenses myself and was reimbursed when I submitted the receipts. Some of the expenses were incurred in December 2013 and some January 2014. My total moving expenses were $4,600. Some was reimbursed in December and some in January so it is also spread across both 2013 and 2014 tax returns. Under the rules of my employment contract I was required to repay the entire $4,000 if I left before 2 years employment. I accepted a new job overseas in July 2015 and repaid the $4,000 moving expense reimbursement. My question is: Do I amend my 2013/14 returns to reflect that I ended up paying for my moving expenses after all? Or do I somehow account in my 2015 return for that $4,000 expense that I repaid?Thank you! 
I think normally I don't have to file my taxes by post because I'm a non resident in USA, because my friends who did it by turbotax they all receive their taxes back, and now I'm already back to Morocco. 
My salary on my pdf form of my return has a completely random and wrong salary. Which is now affecting aid for me to get for my student loans. The yearly salary is about $5000 higher than what it actually is. But when I go into my tax return it has the correct salary listed. 
Havent got income yet and no money is in bank but turbo tax is taking it today so how can I stop them from overdrafting account? 
please call me at [phone number removed] 
can not find the phone number for turbo tax 
I have a unusual divorce case where the divorce decree says mother can claim child on Odd Years (2015), and father on Even years. There is no end date for claiming our child.  Our son turned 21 within the first month of 2015 and as such, so did child support payments.  Paying for college was not in the divorce agreement, how ever we both paid for college expenses.  I was provided with a form of 8332 to fill out but know it is no longer valid after the child turned 21.  The decree states within it that the child is emancipated at the age of 21.  Father has sole custody, and the child attends college.Question 1: How long would the agreement be valid?  Can the mother force me to claim him?Question 2: Would the answers I get from Intuit TurboTax be valid in the court of law? 
I need to e-file my 2014 taxes, then do the same with my 2015 taxes.  I'm not printing them out to file and waiting 6-8 weeks. 
The number was 877-216-2138, is this a real Intuit phone number? 
which version did I use for the 2015? because I want to access my 2013 taxes? 
DO I mail this or DDR it? 
What % should I have taken out of my pay check so that I don't have to pay next year? 
I am using TurboTax Free Edition  (Online) 
Its lock for what reason 
My husband and I were married last year, so in 2014 we filed separately and each got a state refund.  This year we are filing together and was wondering if I am suppose to combine our state refund amounts for the Refund income question or just the primary person's refund amount? 
How can I reduce my tax liability... my plan is to donate charity significantly, HSA, 401k max contribution... 
Turbo Tax indicates that my Colorado State return was accepted when I e-filed back in March, but the State of Colorado indicates they have not received the tax return.  What happened? 
it tells me its locked 
I work from home full time and am eligible for the home office deduction. My boyfriend also lives with me, and we split the rent and utilities. He has an office to go to, so would not be eligible for the home office deduction. When I file my taxes, can I claim 20% of the total rent/utilities for our home or only 20% of the part I actually pay? Most of the similar questions Ive seen on this topic deal with a couple using a single home office for two separate businesses, but in this instance, I am the only one using the home office for business. We are not married and so do not file jointly. The rent, utilities, and internet are all paid for out of a joint account into which we both deposit our share of the monthly household expenses. I pay slightly more on rent, because I make more and was the one to push for the two-bedroom apartment -- so its not exactly 50/50. 
My husband is not a residence and has no SSN. The system keeps asking me to enter SSN for my spouse, and I cannot fill in NRA in the SSN box. What can I do? 
I need a contact or website to contact ???? 
In total i overpaid by more than $1000 initially.  Why would the system make such a blatant error? 
my 2014 didn't save and I am having to pay more tax 
I am an active duty military member and Florida resident, stationed in California. My wife of a few months is a state resident of Oregon currently; but had been a Florida resident up to 2013 (and its where all her family is). Having temporarily lost her Florida residency by being in Oregon, would she be able to claim Florida residency/domicile again along with me when she moves here directly from Oregon to California? 
I had to verify my identity on 5/16 and still today on 5/27 still  no update and no refund I tried ordering the transcripts and I couldn't order them with the new address or the old I don't know what's going on did anyone verify around the same time and is still waiting please help and tell me what happen with yous thanks 
How long do I have to wait for my state tax. 
New Mexico has now asked for proof of all income earned in 2013 and 2015, plus proof of my identity.&nbsp;&nbsp;I was under the impression the information provided to them through TurboTax would be enough.&nbsp;&nbsp;I was active duty military last year and both my spouse and I were Alaska residents.&nbsp;&nbsp;We were not required to pay New Mexico state taxes by law.  Why would I be required to do this and what recourse do I have? 
I'm quite pissed off at Intuit these days. I've been using your products for years. Recently, when I purchased Quick Books I had to reset my Intuit password. Since then I've had to reset my password a number of times for some reason. I need to access my tax file for 2014, and I want to open the file I have saved, not an online one. I cannot log in !!!  I've messed with this account for 45 minutes today, still with no success, and had to change my password again. If you cannot fix this problem, I'm not going to use Intuit products anymore.  And a burning question, is why do I have to log into Intuit to access a file I created with your product?? I own the software, and I own my own files.  I don't need Intuit to know my every move using the software.Enough rant..... fix my password issues !!Regards,Phil Erbaugh 
Gail xxxxxxxand Thomas xxxxxxxx 2014 AGI $xxxxxxxxxx 
I have already filled in my bank account for on line payment, but now I decide to file by mail. do I have to include a check along with the form? would I be double charged? 
I paid for it to be filed. How do I make sure it is filed? 
At the end of the year, I will claim 5 standard exemption/deductions for my family. Not sure if this affects the response. 
A link was sent to my email however when I click on the link it takes me to an unnecessary home page. 
how do I file old taxes from previous years 
Trying to get info on my taxes 
I am being told that I owe money for my state tax, Massachusetts? I was owed $460 prior to entering my second W-2 into TurboTax. That was my USAF retirement 1099R which I believe is not to be taxed. 
Note that my payment is double the 72 month payment plan amount and I am otherwise fully eligible. 
I brought my house on December 15, 2013.  Due to a new job I relocated to another state and rented my house on December 1, 2015.  Im planning to sell the house in 2017.  Im currently renting in the new state but will use the proceeds of the sale (very modest increase in value, down payment and mortgage pay down) to purchase a new house.  Will I have to pay capital gains tax on the sale? 
I sent my payment with my w2s over 2 months ago. They cashed my payment within 3 days. If they did not have our signatures on file, how could they legally take my money? And why should I have to resend our w2s, again, they would already have those on file.. I dont feel comfortable sending these, 2 months after the fact. This doesnt feel trustworthy. 
I want to get an EIN for my single member, disregarded entity LCC, so that I can put it on my invoices instead of constantly giving out my personal SSN. Can I do this without having to file another tax return separate from my personal income return? Can I do this midway through the tax year and just start using the EIN instead of my SSN? Thanks. 
a newly computed page 2 of my tax return with original signatures 
Forgot to add my tax loss which is ongoing for 3000.00 deduction. 
I filed my 2014 taxes with Turbo Tax, but I started over and now when I go to my timeline my 2014 year is not there. How do I get a copy of that return? 
when do i supposed to get my tax return money from state of hawaii? 
the 12C letter was re the medical premium tax credit. 
In my Sch C it shows employee income that needs to be shown  on line 7 but I cant see my data for my 2015 return.  It has not been filed and I have an extension but my tax cpa wanted to see the forms first. 
Windows 7 fix for error 19698274423 had no effect 
This is supposed to be a free return according to the Federal website.  Since I had used you previously I went ahead with it (with caution as the past year was lost).  I was charged 30.00 upfront but never got my state taxes done.  I know I will end up paying another 2-250.00 this year again because of this.  Id would really like to know what happened. 
I used your service to e-file my state return and you determined no state income tax payment was due. I just received a notice that I owe a tax payment and was charged both interest and a late payment fee. Do you guarantee your service? If so, I would like the late fee and interest charged to me reimbursed by TurboTax, 
How do I retrieve my 2014 turbo tax returns? 
we both had separate residents and she lived in another state. There are no qualifying dependents or children. No property to split and was a uncontested divorce. 
I need a set of my w-2s, 1099s and w-3s for the bank.  When I print it out, all I get are forms that have not been filled out.  Where are the forms I filled out. 
Hello and thank you for taking the time to review and answer my questions. I am 100% owner of S-Corp A and 100% owner of S-Corp B.  I also draw an annual W-2 salary from each, $25k from A and $50k from B.Question 1 - In starting a Simple IRA plan for Corp A, is my compensation for the 3% employer match considered to be $75k (compensation from the entire group) or is it $25k (compensation from S-Corp A only)? So if I were to max out my salary reduction of $12,500, would the employer contribution paid by Corp A max at 3% of $75k or 3% of $25k?Question 2 - My goal is to be able to 3% match on the entire compensation of $75k, so can I accomplish this by only establishing a Simple IRA plan with S-Corp A without establishing a similar plan with S-Corp B?Question 3 - Would my ability to contribute to a Traditional IRA (and deduct the contribution) be affected by the Simple IRA contribution?Thank you 
I was claimed as dependent and so I discontinued the process of filing for 2015 Tax Return. I do not know how to fix the problem, because I really need a copy of my 2014 Tax Return for school. 
Last year I went through TurboTax and they paid my owed CT taxes with my refund. This year my CT taxes were not paid even though I paid extra for the Deluxe edition and all that jazz. The only difference this year is that I messed up my account number so I still have not received my federal refund. So again why were my CT taxes not paid as was done last year? 
print returns 
IRS claims my tax refund was direct-deposited ($3199) on March 9th 2016. However, no deposit was ever made, and I have my bank records to prove it. What happened? 
I work in Spain, for a Spanish company as a CEO. 
My previous return is watermarked with "preview only" 
How can I pay my turbo tax fee online 
2015 tax year 
HiI had a transaction through ETrade. It was under an ESPP program which gave me discounted shares. Here is the breakdown according to ETrade:Proceeds\t 249.43Acquisition Cost \t125.68Ordinary Income Recognized \t22.18When entering the cost basis for this transaction, should I put down 125.68 or 125.68 + 22.18. What does ordinary income mean in the case of ESPP?Thanks! 
I want to amend my 2014 tax return due to now owing the IRS. My husband and I filed jointly. He went to talk to H & R Block about helping us amend our taxes for the 2014 year and they said they couldn't help us. What are we supposed to do? 
I've called them twice, and they are still not providing me a download. I need to amend 2014 taxes. Does anyone know how to download the Mac version? 
The document name in French is " Dclaration Fiscale des Traitements et Salaires Perus au Cours de l'Anne 2015", I was told this is the W-2 equivalent in France. 
The state is assessing me another $899.00 in taxes plus $84.72 in interest.. Turboxtax did not correctly compute the tax rate because it did not use both my income earned in state and my income earned out of state to compute the rate. Was this a known problem? 
I just wanted an estimate "if" I claimed my daughter, but her father claimed her and myself as well. I was claimed as dependent under his tax return. I also did not make any income for 2015 and for that reason, I wish to cancel my filing. However, I would please like to have a copy of my 2014 Tax Return for school purposes. 
I am not sure if I file it with Turbotax 
my mailed return never made it. Can I back out and efile? If so how should i do this? 
I'm a US expat living overseas for a long time.  I have a US bank account and card that I would like to use to pay, but the registered address on that account is in a foreign country.  How can I pay? 
Hi, I have gambling winnings of $3,500 and baby sitting earnings of $3,000.  When I inputted this information into Turbo Tax Deluxe, it did not generate a Schedule SE.  The IRS send me a letter saying I need to fill one out.  Do I need to fill one out?  If so, why didnt Turbo Tax generate this form for me? Can I have Turbo Tax generate this for me now?  (My income is about $9,600).  Thanks. 
IRS was not able to locate my schedule with my 2014 tax return.  They told me to send that schedule to support my request for a refund. I do not have a copy of my return because I no longer own that same computer on which the return was prepared.  What can I do?  I noticed the letter gave me 20 days back in 2014, but I did not get the letter until now which is late.  I was not mentally able to handle my affairs for several yeas .  What can I do? 
I got diagnosed with stage 3 rare cancer called gestational Trophoblastic neoplasm... I ha e bad breathing problems..I went home with in home oxygen.did 5 rounds of intensive chemo and couldn't work.my fiance supported me and my children...paid the bills...food...their cheer leading...their school things... So why is he being audited for claiming two of the children he basically fathered? 
This year, for the 1st time, I am running after bank bonuses. I assume, by the end of year I will get around 25 different 1099 INT from different banks.is there enough space on tax forms, to include 25 items of 1099 INT? 
If I claim her as my dependent; can she lose insurance benefit she is getting from state? 
I found the proof of e filing for this year but not for previous years and I need 2012 
Recently rebuilt desktop, and need to reinstall software. My login does not seem to remember my account, but I have email receipts for these products... 
I've selected the steps in "Amending "  and downloaded the things it's told me to. After downloading both, it still doesn't work. I've been contacted by the IRS and have to amend and also pay back. Looks like I messed up and put social security with holdings with the federal. This is the only W-2 (more than 1 job for 2014) I have to amend. Please help! Nothing has worked. I filed using a tablet and my phone and it's been having me download Windows stuff. I'm beyond stressing out! 
I rebuilt my desktop, and lost all previous year's returns. Can you help me to download just 2014 and 2015 returns so it can transfer in to 2015/2016 
Military member CO residentSpouse CA resident noe employed in NCBoth residing in NC due to orders. 
We have now have separate corrected 1095-A forms. 
I have followed all directions, from same previous questions.  When I sign into my turbo tax, it akes me to a buying screen as if I haven't done my taxes.  I need to complete form 8962 by June 1, per IRS letter 
I had a vertical sleeve gastrectomy in Tijuana, Mexico.  I paid for the surgery, the plane ticket, there and return, as well as hotel charges for 1 night before and 1 night after my surgery. Are these allowable expenses and if so how do I claim them. 
The IRS sent me a bill for the entire amount that I cashed out.    Which is weird, because I can see paying taxes on the total amount that I cashed out, but not pay the total sum of the cashout back to the IRS.    Any help or guidance is appreciated. 
I am retired and am  preparing to roll over my deferred retirement  payments from a previous employer into a traditional IRA. I am 59 and want to know what is the annual max amount allowed. 
I got a letter saying I still owe $93 because I cannot prove my health coverage. I was lead to believe that I already paid $325 for not having proof. 
I have done everything as I normally do when filing my taxes, but still have received no refund. The Track Your Refund tool just says "processing." 
Old account has historical completed tax returns. New account has current tax information. I have paid for the new account yet I need my old files. Is there anyway around having to pay a second time? 
I loaned money to a private party they filed bankrupitcy the court granted how do i add that loss to my taxes 
The govt is taking money from.my husband's check for the Medicaid my son has,but we were exempt from having to havelow income Obama care because of low income.can they do this? 
He received his state return, but not his federal 
I've been doing my taxes for several hours and my guardian has informed me that it should only take me 5 min. How is this done? 
I wasn't named when I was born my ss card & birth certificate  say the same thing but the name I used in schools isn't . I signed off on my child's birth certificate with the name I've been using my whole life , with that being said will the IRS still b able to identify me as the same person. 
My tax advocate said my refund will be in my bank account either Friday by noon or Saturday (it's Saturday). I have yet to receive anything. What's going on ? I would have to wait till Tuesday to call cause Monday is a holiday. Would could it be ? 
I can't e-file for federal because I have no income to report, other than ssa. But when I choose file by mail, I get a blank screen. Help! 
I called Netscape and the cannot give me an answer . Only we don't have it it's at the bank. But there is no phone number for the bank. 
I have 2 sources of retirement income and my wife one.  Each of mine provide greater income than hers. 
I just want to find my claim and it's details. I don't know that I actually saved it - I know that I didn't print it. is there a way to still retrieve it? 
I cannot open 2014 downloaded version to complete that year return. I resently downloaded it.  Can someone help? I get a message that says it is either not supported or file has been damaged.. 
where do Icall to get audit defense last year got for less cost by a person on phone 
I just want to pay to get prior returns for now....I'm not at this time planning to file 2015 returns using turbo tax....is that possible 
where can I see where i inputed my information 
My understanding is that downloads are available to download a certain number of times, for a number of years back. 
Hi there,I've filed my taxes for 2015, stating that I had a contribution of $5,390 per person to a Roth IRA. 1. Originally I had made contribution of $5,500; but when preparing my taxes I realized that I was allowed less than that;2. I did then prepare an excess contribution withdrawn for the year of 2015, which was processed by February of 2016;3. I reported on my tax return a contribution of $5,390.00 ($5,500 - $110 of excess).4. When receiving form 5498 I see that my broker account reported contribution of $5,500; and when contacting them they indicated that the excess contribution reporting will only come in 2016 with a 1099-R.Could you please confirm if I have reported it correctly, or if an amendment is needed.Thank you in advance. 
I need someone to look over my return. IRS sent me letter stating that covered california wasnt correctly stated. for some reason. 
I've amended my return twice in TurboTax and I forgot to print it last time to send it in. I'm not sure if the version that I can print now is the amended one or the original one I created the first time around. Where can I find my amended return? Thanks. 
I'm filing an amendment and have to know the answer to this before I mail it off. 
Hi there,Ive filed my taxes for 2015, stating that I had a contribution of $5,390 per person to a Roth IRA. 1. Originally I had made contribution of $5,500; but when preparing my taxes I realized that I was allowed less than that;2. I did then prepare an excess contribution withdrawn for the year of 2015, which was processed by February of 2016;3. I reported on my tax return a contribution of $5,390.00 ($5,500 - $110 of excess).4. When receiving form 5498 I see that my broker account reported contribution of $5,500; and when contacting them they indicated that the excess contribution reporting will only come in 2016 with a 1099-R.Question --- please confirm if I have reported it correctly (as $5,390), OR if an amendment is needed (that I need to report $5,500 now and then next year correct via 1099-R)?Thank you in advance. 
Turbo Tax did the calculations wrong and now I am receiving a very very small refund. I would not have purchased the extra services otherwise. 
The file is named ~2015 Stokes D Form 1040 Individual Tax Return - errors fixed. Size is 4104 KB 
Am happy there are people in this process. 
It keeps asking me about it, does it matter if I leave it blank ? 
want to download the documents, the only option I see is print. why? 
On turbotax online home & business version, I had entered educational expenses and completed and printed my return, which included Form 8863. A month later I logged back in and the refund amounts were showing the same as I had left it. Then I entered a schedule K-1 that I had just received, which had a small loss from a business partnership. As soon as I finished entering the K-1, I was alarmed to see that my educational credits had disappeared. Upon investigation, Form 8863 and the educational expenses that I had entered were all gone!! Not recalculated, just gone. Is this a known bug in the software? How do I make sure that stuff does not randomly disappear. 
trying to obtain 2015,2014, 2013 returns. Computer originally filed on has crashed and data lost 
The question on residency in California, I said part time since I lived 6 months in Louisiana.  Then it asked when I became a resident of the above mentioned state (CA) and I have been a resident here since 2002.  Can I speak to someone to see if I've filled my tax return correctly? 
I\nreceived a 1099-MISC from my insurance company for reimbursement when I was in\nthe hospital in Florida for being out of the 50 miles radius.  I added this to my income.  When doing my medical expense I added the\namount I paid out of pocket, when I got to the end for medical expense, it\nasked if I received reimbursement and the amount paid, this sent my expense to\n0.00.  Do I place the amount paid by my\ninsurance company for reimbursement in both places? or just in the income\nsection for Miscellaneous income? 
I applayed for my taxes retourn in Jnauary 19, 2016, and till today I still having not answer about when I would get it back, I called the IRS and they say they have not idea whats wrong with it and that I have to wait till June. The problem is that Im Currently living in Colombia but I would go to the USA the next month for long time, so Im wondering if I should change the billing address? since I would be in the states when I HOPEFULLY get answer. 
Other instructions on Section 1244 stock refer to there being a special situation question that will be asked after stock is selected.  No such luck here.  Extremely frustrating. 
need to correct. 
The income shows in tax caculations and taxes paid, but not where it should be on line 7.  Should I delete the w-2 and reenter it? 
I only need to enter K-1 info and file. 
I'm a driver for Uber and i'm not sure if I have to pay estimated quarterly taxes or not. How do I find out? 
I would like to move forward with out the charge of 29.99 
I did get earned income credit. Or I may be backwards. I was told I should have gotten earned income credit. I'm not sure, I just know I have been told I should have qualified to get money back on my son and I only got back less than $400 
Why am I not able to view my completed tax return? It only shows that I just joined TurboTax. 
I'd like an explanation and/or refund of the fee for that return. 
I was never able to submit my online return for 2014 due to a fraudulent return in my name, i got it cleared and the irs told me to go ahead and resubmit my return, they said i could do it through turbo tax but i have no idea how 
[[PII Removed.....any telephone calls you may get, due to telling the world your name/address/telephone number, are NOT from Turbotax]][]thank you 
I need to send the 5471 asap as I live in Canada and it needs to reach the IRS center by June 15th with my tax return.  Just want to know if I need to send an amended return because of my mistake, or if I can just send the printed e-filed 1040 I've already completed. 
payments in 2013 and 2014 
I did my taxes through Turbo Tax for 2013 return.  My information has not changed and it is through the same email.  It is not located in my current Turbo Tax info. 
MY HARDDRIVE HAD TO BE REPLACED 
I want to know what happened.  I need the refund.  If you failed to file the return, what do you do next to rectify this disaster? 
It will not let me sign in because it cant display challenge 
self employed 1099, and I don't get why banks don't look at the gross income 
Hi, I didn't put the IRA contribution when filing in Turbotax as line 32 in 1040 was result as empty. Now I remember as the trustee sent me the form 5498. How do I correct such? Thanks for detail answer first! 
From June 1997 till January 31, 2016 my wife and I rented out a single family home, which was our primary residence before June 1997, in a suburb of Dallas, Texas.  The renters vacated the rental on January 31, 2016 and since February 1, 2016 the home has undergone a renovation, in fact I am still working on it.  We want to convert it from a rental to a second home but continue to live in our current primary residence.  Can this be done for this tax year (2016).   We want to hold it as our second home for at least two years, till Feb 1, 2018, at which time we may want to sell.   Would we have any problems with any IRS rules and can Turbo Tax handle this type of situation........... 
Thank you 
I need to speak to a human please!! 
What is the best way to analyze the difference in income by adjusting my withholdings on my W4? I get a large refund now but want to take more home each month and would like to see what options I have 
I have already filed by 2015 return, and it has been accepted.  I got a large stock distribution from my company, and would like to pre-pay 2016 taxes.  Can I use Turbo Tax to do this? 
I am currently living overseas and will qualify for the foreign tax exclusion.  However, since I left in August, my time out of country does not reach the 330 days until August again.  Is it better to file for an extension or to file for an amended return? 
Received changes made to my 2014 tax return 1040EZ stating I owe additional taxes and penalty of $612 dollars from Philadelphia Pennsylvania that need to be paid to Kansas  city, mo. 
I'm out of the US so my tax due date is June 15, how do I know if I could have a late pay penalty and a late pay interest based on April 15 for my owe tax?  Do I calculate it by myself or will get a bill/notice from IRS then pay ? 
If IRS would send a notice/bill to me if I have something wrong on my 2014 tax, by mail or e-mail? 
I do the taxes for both of us and have been using Turbotax online for years.  Can I just add this to our current account?  Also, I do some consulting on the side.  Can the bundle be used for 2 people? 
I tried another US card. This card has my foreign address on it, however the card information does not accept foreign address.  Please advise. 
why I haven't I received my state return? 
I run a handmade shop on Etsy so all my items are made to order, I do not house any inventory. Thanks! 
I have been living overseas since August 2015.  I don't have the necessary documents to file my taxes.  How do I file for the 6 month extension?  I know I already receive a 2 month extension, but need the 6 month.  Please offer specific details to help if you can. 
I need help calculating my mortgage interest from 2013 taxes..... 
I thought I would be able to deduct a portion of my premiums as well as my mileage. Is this not true or do I enter it somewhere else? 
Filed and excepted on 4/19/16 received a  letter faxed IRS info and it still says processing on the IRS web and on Turbo excepted 
I do not have a US address. I am a dual-national by accident, left the US at the age of 3 and have been living in Switzerland since 1969.I need to file US taxes, but I am not allowed to pay for / use the turbotax software.I do not have relatives in the US. I do not have a bank account in the US. I do not have a Credit Card registered to me at a US address.I spent hours filling all the questions thinking I might then be able to print the return and file it by snail mail.Why does Intuit Turbotax not want my money?PS: I owe zero (0) tax and will not get a refund. Even if I got a refund, it would come to me by check, so I cant use the Refund option. 
Help tells you that you get an auto extension until 15 Jun to file if living outside of the US...but does not tell you how to attach the required statement nor does TT ask you when efiling.  How does one attach the statement? 
state refund in MA is not calculating correctly.  it is approx. $500 too high.  I can fix it but when I go to file it reverts to wrong amount.  Very frustrating. 
Hi, I need to get a detailed invoice/payment receipt for TurboTax service ($86.59) as I am submitting it for reimbursement. I have received a support upon payment, but it did not include tax portion. Thanks. 
I had purchased 2014 Turbotax Delux Online and then paid for upgrading it. My computer had crashed and I do not have the software any more. I need to print a portion the tax return again. How best can I get the software installed on my computer again with out having to pay for it yet another time.  Thanks 
If I select the option of not filing last year and that "we'll put a 0 for you" does that negate me putting a zero in some other place. The most recent time my return got rejected I did that and still nothing has worked 
I have used TurboTax 3 years in a row and I need to amend taxes for all three years. No issues w/ 2013 and 2015. However, the desktop softward (Deluxe version) is trying to make me purchase the state forms again. I paid once and should not have to pay again; seems like a technical glitch. I've spent hours on this issue now (reinstalling, etc.).  Very frustrated. How to fix w/o paying state fee again?  At this point doubt that I will be a future customer. 
My state and federal taxes were never withdrawn from my checking account. I know the information I submitted was correct since I also used that same method to pay Turbotax. Turbotax took the payment, however, my taxes were never withdrawn from my account. Also, there were enough funds. Where do I go from here? Can I just make another payment using turbotax? 
She has dementia and is not able to write checks herself for common living expenses - rent, medical, utilities, etc. I write the checks and her Trust fund reimburses me. I dont know why that needs to be reported as income, but I do need to make sure. 
I have paid for 2012, 2013 and 2014 and entered info but never filed. I have begun 2015 but need to access and change my return info in prior years, I already purchased. I am on Mac. How do I do that? 
Just starting the online version and it just loads no options are working from the menu .  I have tried to load it more than once and have reloaded page 
Or will I need to file for the S Corp separately 1st? 
So should I wait until the IRS are done with this outage or go ahead and use the 3rd party companies they have listed? Also, where can I look to find the type Federal form I am using to file my taxes on? 
I started my 2015 tax return and have put in most income items, but I can't seem to find it on line? 
I have the final number listed on my form but can't access the individual amounts I entered on Turbotax. 
didnt receivemy MO state refund due to rejection of all my Itemized deductions. letter statesneed pages 1,2 of federal return, schedule A and MO-A what does this mean? 
Reimbursement will be $5250 non-taxed for 2016, total spent will be $14,000 leaving $8,750.  Can I write off the $8750? 
The online tool just says checking for accuracy. My return was accepted mid April. 
This question shows up after entering the W-2 information under the subheading "Wages and Income" 
I need a copy of my 2015 taxes 
My wife has been providing long term care for her mother the entire 2015 calendar year.  Are expenses or loss income deductable from 2015 joint income tax return? 
Who should I contact to get this corrected? 
looks like I haven't been able to subtract any of my expenses and so my taxes due are high, any body knows if i have to pay a fee in this web in order for me to add expenses? 
This mistake was a result of your program transferring data from my Federal return to the state. I need this corrected since I received a letter from State of PA. 
What happens next? How long will take? 
I had a job that paid poorly for the first 3 months of 2015 and was on Obamacare. I then got a job that paid well and had health insurance through the company. It appears that Form 8962 is penalizing me by taking back all of the the advance payment of PTC based on my annual income and not just the income for the first 3 months of the year. Is this correct? 
I've been trying to pay at the end of preparing my online filing, and this annoying message keeps coming up. 
so when I did 8962 as you said I printed(so far good) then I realized they're asking for form 1040 page #2. you had not that yet filed. I looked all over and Couldn't. Then I ended up filing again 
I already filed my 2015 return im just trying to upgrade to the deluxe version for 29.99 so i can print my 2015 return and it wont let me upgrade without filing my whole 2015 return over again and i also cant get the proce of 29.99 its trying to make me pay 54.99 how do i fix this problem? 
I have received a letter from the Commonwealth of Virginia stating:Form(s) W-2, Form(s) 1099, and/or Schedule inc were not received with the return copy of the other states tax return was not received for credit  tax paid to another state. I cant find any documents from when I filled my taxes through turbotax and now I don't know what to do to retrieve this information again.What exactly should I be doing to fix this? 
How do I log out and come back to finish on 6.1? 
I just need to upgrade to the deluxe version so i can print my 2015 tax return immediately i need it for May 31, 2016 please help me 
Hi, I formed a sole proprietor LLC. I want to use your tax preparation service for both my LLC and personal tax. I already have an account and it is linked to my personal tax preparation. What is the best way to do this? 
I can't make this stop in Smart Check, even by deleting zeros in the box 
The amount was denied by the IRS so it is not available for my 2015 return.  The amount was imported from last years return.  Thank you in advance. 
Read this NRA thing will not work for e-filing my return. Dont want to purchase a Deluxe version to find out I will have to do all the work on paper after all. 
PURCHASED STATE - NO BLUE DOWNLOAD ARROW - CANT ACCESS IT. PURCHASED HOME & BIZ TURBO TAX EARLIER TODAY. HELP? 
My business accountant recommended that I make sure I take into account the basis limitation worksheet portion of the K-1. I keyed the K-1 information in as shown on the Form 1120S. Does Turbo Tax automatically take into account the basis limitation worksheet portion? 
I filed 2015 federal and state taxes in early April 2016.  In May 2016, my state Dept of Revenue notified me that I omitted to include an estimated tax payment I made in 2015.  Error in my favor; the state changed my return and increased my refund.  Do I need to amend my federal return to reflect that I paid more in estimated 2015 state income tax?  I started the Amended return on TurboTax and entered the corrected estimated payments, and TurboTax showed that I should get a higher state refund (which already happened), but did not show that my federal return changed at all.  Does that mean I don't need to amend my federal return?Thank you,Dallas 
After going into TT to amend my return, I do not know how to reflect the Schedule C loss onto Line 12 of the 1040.  Does anyone know which path to take in order to reflect that on Line 12? 
I payed for 2015 estate tax that was very expensive.  Now I have no access......what's the deal? 
I have some ESPP and RSU stocks that I am considering gifting to my parents.  What are the tax implications?I have owned the ESPP shares for more than the two year window.  From what I read, the gifting will be treated as qualifying disposition.  I need to report compensation income.  Here are some hypothetical numbers:Lower of market price on offering date and market price when bought: $15Discount: 15%Market price when gifted: $40What would be the cost basis for my parents?  What is their acquire date?  If they sell immediately, do they have long term capital gain?  What is the value of the gift for my gift tax purpose?For the RSU shares, they are vested and the brokerage already deducted shares for taxes.  Is my parents' cost basis the market price when I got the RSU shares?  Is their acquire date the date when I got the RSU shares?  What is the value of the gift for my gift tax purpose? 
I filed an extension for both federal and state. Now I am trying to finish my taxes. The program asked "Are you filing late?" and I didn't know what to answer. How do I enter in the program the fact that I filed extensions? I filed extensions for both state and federal. Do I enter those differently? Also how do I enter if I paid money as part of state or federal extension? 
TurboTax is not giving me a Credit for Childcare and Dependent Care expenses (1040 line 49).  This is presumably because the instructions for Form 2441 state that you deduct "Excluded as foreign earned income (including any housing exclusion) on Form 2555, line 43, or Form 2555-EZ, line 18," for the calculation of Earning Income in Form 2441 Lines 4 and 5 and all of my earned income is excluded as foreign earned income.  However, for previous years my tax preparer did not do this deduction in Form 2441 and apparently the IRS was perfectly fine with it.  Should I still be able to get the deduction? 
Im a self-employed, non-US citizen running a consultancy in my home country. However, because I met the Substantial Presence Test for 2015, Im filing taxes in the US, in addition to my home country. I made healthcare fund contributions in my own country. Are these contributions deductible for US taxes? 
The deceased passed away 7/21/2015.Do I use the fiscal year and if so what month should it end?Thanks 
I have been residing outside US for past few years. I have been receiving K1 from my employer. I need to file my K1 for 2015. My tax consultant has been filing using paper forms for past year and said that June 15 2016 is the due date for filing 2015 tax return (as I am not resident). Please let me know which version of TurboTax I should buy and whether I can file my tax return online for both state and Federal. Thanks a lot for your help! 
two related question topics:1) I started my 2015 taxes using TurboTax online, then switched to the CD version, but my online account profile wants to complete my 2015 online taxes. How does the account get updated to show my CD usage - including the extension filed?2) My 2014 taxes are missing from my account. I would have used the same account name when I filed, but does that indicate I used the CD version? or some other anomaly? 
TurboTax added a $175 withholding tax penalty. How do I remove this?I'm a self-employed non-US citizen running a consultancy business based outside of the US. Am filing US taxes only because I met the Substantial Presence Test for 2015. Do withholding taxes apply to me? If not, can I remove this from my filing? 
When I filed my taxes for 2015, I owed North Carolina a balance on my state income tax return.  I currently have no allowances that I am claiming on my NC-4EZ form and do not have any additional amount withheld from each of my monthly pay checks other than the standard amount my employer automatically withholds.In order to reduce the possible balance I may owe on next year's state taxes, would it be to my advantage to increase my withholding on each paycheck (e.g., to indicate an additional amount to be withheld on line 2 of the NC-4EZ) beyond the amount that my employer already withholds from my paycheck each month for NC taxes? 
Hey is there anyway i can receive a copy of my amendment return also original return from my tax preparer turbo account? 
In completing the form 2555 you must record any travel you made to the US, and state how many days were on business.  The website does not allow you to enter zero and forces a minimum value of one, which is just false (and not consistent with the instructions on the paper form).  Are Turbo Tax planning to fix this error soon? 
I ordered a download not a CD.  If necessary, can you send me a CD? 
I gave up on her, as she has no time to follow up with me. So now I am filing my 2015 tax returns late. I lived in Korea in 2015 but don't know how to report this on TurboTax because they only ask for a W-2. I didn't get a W-2. Please help. 
NO 
Assume a 14 year old Life Scout is working on his Eagle Scout Service Project building items for the local government Parks Department.  He has no other income, and receives approx. $1500 through a crowd funding website that issues a 1099K. ALL of the website funds are used to benefit the charitable org. (local Govt).  Is the Scout\nrequired to file a 1040?  Assuming the total amount is Tax Deductible, will there be any resulting tax liability after\ndeducting the $1500 as a charitable contribution? 
I do I download previous tax records 
I would like to use Turbotax. Filing from the UK with UK address and credit/debit card. Is this possible? 
the bank acct listed hasn't exists in over a year so where did my money go? I never got a check or letter saying anything about the deposit 
Yes, your account screens are difficult to navagate-- cant find my prior purchases!!! 
It will not allow me to type the two letters that are at the beginning of the number. 
We created our information using W2's.  They have those and we don't understand what else they need. 
I have had business losses, rental property losses and capital gain losses for the last 3 years. These losses have just been accumulating. I also am planning on a Roth Conversion in 2016, where I could transfer funds from my tax-deferred IRA and do a Trustee-to-Trustee transfer to a Roth IRA.Normally, this Roth conversion would be taxed. I need to know whether Turbo Tax will be able to handle this transaction and be able to offset this taxable income (as a result of this ROTH conversion) and take into account all or some of my past carryover losses and end up with me not any paying tax. 
My personal use 2nd home/vacation home is being sold at a loss, how is this reported to IRS? 
My taxes are done now.  Please email me the answer. 
At the time of my Tax filing, I was told that FBAR needs to be filed later. Has it been filed yet or do I have to do anything else to file it? 
I printed and mailed them and they were free. 
The irs took my refund and sent it to child support recovery unit, usually it sits for about 30 days before they release it to them fully, in case it is disputed. This time, they took it back from child support and i have no idea where it is at. I did have to have a taxpayer advocate because there was a about a weeks time where noone knew where my refund was, ended up being i had typed in the wrong acct number on my paperwork for direct deposit, the irs took the money back from child support the same day that they sent me out a paper check. Does anyone know what this means?? 
I want a copy of my Federal, Alabama, & South Carolina income tax returns for my files.  However, when I print my 2015 returns, it only prints the Alabama return which was not filed electronically.  How do I obtain a copy of my Federal and South Carolina returns for my records? 
I want to help my mother use TurboTax for first time (I have used it for years). We both have Vanguard accounts, and that is how I access TT. My mother filed for an extension for 2015 taxes; how can we access TurboTax for Federal 2015 tax filing? I want to make this as simple for her as possible, preferably linked to Vanguard where all her accounts are. 
I am an individual in an unfortunate and unique tax circumstance. The situation can be described as being a wishful thinker for success and having an utter fear of tax inequality and maltreatment from the IRS. (Before I didnt quite know why I had such a fear of the IRS, but now I know that this angst stems from my step-dad who is a retired IRS tax auditer and not the greatest step-dad.)Todays date is May 30, 2016.2008 return filed (on time) Apr, 2009. ($4,000 taxes paid on income from Schedule-C)2009 return filed (on time w/ extension) Sep, 2010. ($20,000 taxes paid on income from Schedule-C)2010 return filed (late) Dec 2013. (NOL around -$25,000 from loss from Schedule-C)2011 return filed (late) Dec 2013. (NOL around -$7,000 from loss from Schedule-C)2012 return filed (late) Jan 2014. ($3,000 taxes paid)2013 return filed (on time) Apr 2014. ($500 taxes paid)2014 return filed (late) Apr 2015. ($1,000 taxes paid)I am a sole proprietor who lost everything due to the great recession of 2008-2009.I run a business and have filed nearly all returns very late. The reason for filing the returns late is encompassed by the fact that I was going bankrupt year after year I couldnt handle the stress of putting together all of the information required to file an accurate return. I also believed that when there was a loss, that there was no reason to file a return.I filed anyway, no matter how late.I ended up filing the returns with a business loss because a friend informed me that I could carry forward all of the loss I had acquired for Expenses for Business Use of Your Home from IRS tax form 8829.NOL and carrybackMy 2010 and 2011 returns both have a significant NOL. I would love to carry the losses back to 2008 and 2009. Based on the dates of the returns and amounts, how would this carryback be computed? I have learned that I cannot file IRS Form 1045 (Application for Tentative Refund) because that statute expired within one year of the NOL for 2010 and 2011.Should I file form 1040X for 2008 to apply NOL from 2010? Should I file 1040X for 2009 to apply NOL from 2010?What can I do with the NOL from 2011?I would love to get some insight into all of the statute of limitations that would apply to my circumstance. Is this a common circumstance that certified tax preparers deal with? I would like to take this to a tax professional but I cannot afford the $1,500 fee / $2,000 fee that two preparers have quoted me unless I know that I can get some money back from the NOLs to be able to afford the accountants. 
how can I find a copy of my extension? 
Hi.  Ive been reading the article on home selling, here: (https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Home-Ownership/Tax-Aspects-of-Home-Ownership--Selling....  Its very good, but appears to have logically conflicting definitions of the concept of Profit:  In the section Do I have to report the home sale on my return, it seems to indicate that Profit is the same as the sale price: The sale price is $250,000 or less. However, the end of the following section indicates the profit is the same as the Gain  Lets say you bought a house for $50,000 in 1993, sold it for $75,000 in 1996, and postponed the tax on the $25,000 profit....  Which is actually the case? Thanks, --Peter 
I recently became a contracted worker and I attended a conference, paid it out of my pocket in December of 2015, to attend in March of 2016.  It pertains to my career, but I paid my taxes in early February.  I just found out that this conference could have been deducted.  When I file in 2017, can I include that conference purchase?Also, I have decided that Im going to pay my taxes quarterly, and dont know if TurboTax has this option.  This way, everything is in one place and when 2017 rolls around, itll be easy for me to access any information I may need.This is all very new to me and Im just trying to figure it out.  So much information online with language Ive yet to understand. 
I have called netSpend, they said if I have deactivated my account prior to receiving tax refund, netSpend will send my refund to the agent who process it, which is Turbo Tax? 
The c-corp still owns the LLC (which will have an additional owner).  Do i simply sell the assets from the C-corp, and add the assets to the LLC with the same original depreciation schedule?  when i do this on 1/1/15, should there be deprecation for a partial year for the C-Corp and partial year for the LLC? or entire depreciation for the year goes to LLC? if so, how do i stop depreciation from being calculated on C-corp? 
Please close my turbo tax account and delete all data 
Do I have to fill out a CT W4 and a NY IT-2104? Do I have to withhold NYC tax if I live in CT? 
I want to file a form 1444 that exempts me from paying federal taxes if I earned less than $99,0000, but I can't seem to find it on Turbo Tax. ( I shouldn't show any tax due.) Also, I just want to to print and file by mail---not on line. This is why I upgraded---so I can print my 1040 form. 
I want to transfer money, about $150,000 from a foreign account under my name, that was reported in recent years through FBAR form, to my account in the US. Are there reporting and taxing requirements for that? 
2015 is also due . figured might be important to do 2014 first 
I pay money to have TurboTax help file my state taxes.  After entering all of the correct info for my state taxes which TurboTax asked for and they automatically rounded all of the totals, I paid my state taxes. Now i got a letter saying that because i shorted the state $0.17, I have been hit with penalties and fees for $199.58.   All for $0.17 which TurboTax automatically rounded for me.   I though i paid TurboTax to help prevent these errors.......... 
Ill also pay approximately 20k for selling my home at ultimately, a loss. Will the 9k a year in depreciation push me into a higher tax bracket, or is that depreciation just taxed at 25% while my regular income is taxed as normal?Will I lose my child tax credits as my total income is pushed above the threshold? 
getting kind of nervous it got lost in the mail 
I haven't received it yet and want to make sure I gave the right info for deposit 
Ran updates and wanted to continue my return, but it started a new return. How can I get my info back? 
is a section 193 expense possible 
I completed and saved my return and my wife's return. Can't find them here. 
I created a TurboTax account in 2014, but was not able to print out my tax return. Is it possible to get that information now? If yes, then what are the steps necessary to do so. -Thank you 
NJ-1041 New Jersey Tax . Line 23 has a value of $517.Resident Entity. According to all literature and by rate schedule and tax table.Tax on line 26 should be $7TT Business 2015 has calculated line 26 as zero. 
I'm following the instructions shown to upgrade the account, but I'm not able to pay for the upgrade of $29.99.Click on Timeline > Click on Add State > Takes me to print center screen > Click on 'Print or View a prior year return' > Automatically saves and takes me back to Home page. 
I read on the internet that forex losses can be reported under section 988 so that they are treated as ordinary income/losses. if thats the case, which line on 1040 do I report them and is there any additional form I need to fill out?How can I deduct the $25,000 loss in future trading against my ordinary income? I dont want it to be treated as capital loss because in that case I can only deduct $3,000 in losses in 2015 and carry over the remaining.thanksLalit 
I made a mistake on my tax return and I was going to submit a correction, but I just got the original form back (which I had to mail) asking for my signature. Can I go ahead and modify the original so that it reflects the correction, sign it, and send it in? (No issue with payment because I'm getting a refund.) 
It looks like TurboTax updated their website since I filed could something have been lost? 
I paid the fees for and need to get a copy of my return 
I see at the end of my filing it says my state refund is ready to mail however, I have mailed out my state taxes but have yet to receive my refund. Can someone explain if I've done something wrong? 
I just bought a qualifying electric vehicle (Volt.) Is it advisable to adjust my W-4 to account for the tax credit for the rest of the year? This could save me a lot on financing. 
The farm is not a residence I paid taxes and deducted them on Schedule A and had no farm income or filed Schedule F. The buyer wants to pay cash with no interest or financing. I plan to use proceeds to buy personal residence. Can this be a "Like a kind Exchange"? If not is there a way to spread out the tax hit over time? 
I have all of the tax forms except for signature page. The lender will not accept e-signature... they want our actual signatures. 
Do I send estimated state tax penalty by just adding it to the $ number ($170 + $10 = $180) on the check and keeping 1040 still with original number ($170)? Also, where do I find MI Collections Account number for online state tax payment. I filed electronically on turbo tax. 
My Tax Due was about $3300 and then after I applied and qualified for the Foreign Earned Income Credit it jumped up to $5780. This seems like something is broken on Turbo Tax.100% of my income was earned as foreign earned income, when I read the definition of Foreign earned income exclusion it seems to me that I should be paying $0 in taxes. My total household Gross Profit is about $55,000 and we were out of the USA the entire 2015 so all 100% of it clearly qualifies. 
We need to figure out if we need to get married before the house sells, or can we wait and get married later in the same year to claim the married $500,000 exclusion. 
We had already received a refund by direct deposit from the federal govt..  Then discovered that we omitted a w-2.  We ammended out return and mailed in the balance of what we owed.  We later received a check in the mail for the same amount that they deposited in our account the first time.  What do we do with the check?  Who should we contact? 
This is for school 
What more do you want............. I am a human 
I no longer see the option to upgrade to plus by paying for this service today and have already received my 2015 return.  Is it too late to pay for the upgrade so that i can access my 2014 return? Please help 
I filled out and filed my taxes for 2015 through Turbotax. I even paid my taxes that were due. Now, when I sign in, it offers to let me start my 2015 return, but I cannot get to the one I filled out and efiled successfully. 
how do I find my 2015 tax file on turbotax? 
Which version of Turbo Tax 2013 should I use? I am using the Home and Business one 
Hi, I can get the 2015 state return with no problem but how do I get my 2015 federal tax return. I need it to file apply for loan so the sooner you can help me the better.Thank you! 
Im under 59 1/2.  Just rolled over my 401k to an IRA (direct rollover)  Can I access my new IRA and repay within 60 days or is my 401k rollover considered my 1 time a year rollover? 
I should have a lot of deductions from using my home, cell phone, educational and computer so I want to pick the right version that will allow be to deduct all of those expenses 
Now for the 4th time.........I received a refund not due to me as a result of changes the letter says I requested when we made no such request. 
$1700 of the check is funeral and other expenses related to his death (like cleaning out his apartment and paying some of his bills).  The rest of the $5000 was partly a gift and also to help with other expenses that I didnt have receipts for like gas and my time. 
I will not be using Turbotax next year due to p[rice increases. 
need to print page 2 of my 2015 tAX RETURN FOR IRS AT THEIR REQUEST 
Is there going to be a penalty and if so how much? 
I did not click the link in the original email. Instead, I went to the website and manually requested a password reset email. The legitimate email from Intuit matched the original email I received. I did reset my password, but I am concerned that I received an unsolicited email in the first place. 
call me to schedule a payment i owe to you guys. [remove phone] 
I received a letter from the IRS saying I did not pay penalties for an early retirement draw in 2014 and that I owe several thousand dollars. I signed up for TurboTax third party audit protection service and they said the documentation line item in my taxes says L and should say 1L. I of course dont write any of these line items, TurboTax does it for me. What recourse do I have if TurboTax messes up my taxes? Obviously they arent going to pay the taxes, but shouldnt I atleast get a refund and they pay the late fee and comp me state amendments? 
I am doing joint filing. My wife and I have ITIN and SSN respectively. I have applied W7 to get ITIN for my son. I have not received ITIN for my son yet. In my State(Connecticut) tax return, my son name is not present. Do i still need to wait to get the ITIN to submit my State return? If yes do i need to apply extension (i have already missed the deadline and not applied for extension also). I dont owe any money but expecting the refund. 
I live overseas and thus cannot use call back support feature apparently. 
yes i need a copy of Kristina ford 2015 tax returns for her records 
It's wanting me to refile and continue.  I've already filed. 
My CPA is asking for a copy 
I have tried every resource I could find to contact the IRS and speak to someone that would help me, but to no avail. 
I filed my federal taxes with Turbo Tax for that year. 
Will this negatively affect my return if I file as married but separate when I cannot receive the exemption for him? I had to enter information for him on the personal info page. 
what is your phone number. 
We are thinking of buying a rental property in US? Will I have to pay double tax in both US and Canada on our earnings? 
I only file Federal.  Doesnt my foreign address and foreign employer exempt me from this penalty? 
I came to US to work with an HB1 visa in 2015. My family (wife and two children) came with me but with an H4 visa (Not SSN). I couldn't added them as dependents in my 2015 taxes because they didn't have a SSN. We will get our Green Card soon, so they will get the SSN. Can I amend my 2015 tax return and add them as dependents as soon they get their SSN? 
Let's say I make $300/month total from the site, and I pay my outsourcer in India $100 a month.  How do I document how much I paid him, so that I'm only taxed for the remaining $200/month?Are PayPal invoices enough, or is there a form I need to have him fill out?  Also, if there is a form that needs filled out, or a letter that needs written, can I have him send this to me electronically given that he lives in India? 
us bank made a mistake on 1098 mortgage interest, need to amend form 1098.  us bank sent me a new corrected form 1098. 
I have applied for the max amount of pin numbers is 20 and irs told since I paid for the cd that your company allow me to print my returns for free. I'm sick of you and I'm starting you hate you. me and my family use your program for years and you do this to me. i would like to have my refund too. 
My husband passed away and the family took over his business. The past due tax amount is from the business that I had no ownership in. 
I hate you 
I am 19 and have been supporting myself over a year now. I havent asked my family for any money or anything. I filed my taxes and they came back rejected. My tax form said that someone else had claimed me as a dependent on their taxes. I just need to know what i should do and how to fix this so that I finish my taxes, because it is a little frustrating. 
I have an LLC and made 32K and have an expense of 26K for a Tug to pull aircraft with, where do I enter this? 
Need previous years tax returns. How do i get it? 
I would like to print my 2014 return and verify my 2015 return was electronically filed. 
I have not filed 2014 Tax return 
There was an error on my return (R0000-902-01 - Taxpayer TIN in the Return Header must not be the same as a TIN of a previously accepted electronic return for the return type and tax period indicated in the tax return) so, while I e-filed by the April 18th due date, I did not actually get my return accepted until the 26th since there was a lot of back-and-forth with the real reason my return was rejected (I had mistyped my SS#). Now, I have received a letter from the IRS saying I owe a "failure-to-file" penalty, a "failure to pay proper estimated tax penalty", and a "failure to pay" penalty. Is this something I can fight seeing as though I have the original confirmation e-mail saying I filed on the 18th? 
I need to print but cannot access doc to print, telling me I need to pay?  I already paid. 
I think I deleted original order confirmation. 
help! 
If I need to pay Estimated taxes for 2016, How do I prepare Forms 1040ES if my spouse passed away in 2016? 
I used the free version 
I am setting up a knitting community where various members from around the country will be sending blankets for donations to multiples hospitals. Im acting as the middleman, organizing projects and meetups and specifically collecting the blankets to be donated. I am not a nonprofit. I am not accepting monetary donations, just handcrafted donations and spare yarn. How would I tell my members to claim this on their taxes. Are their donations even eligible? Would I need to provide a receipt from each hospital for every members blanket? 
I'm taking this online course to get my personal training certification. 
My son receives Social Security benefits based on his fathers disability. 
I need to file a 1040X for 2014 
I just finished ordering the turbo tax download, then I find that I signed up for automatic renewal which I don't want. how do I cancel that renewal part? I want the 2015 delux package, but not the automatic renewal part. 
It says I must pay for my 2015 taxes to get my 2014 returns, which I already have on the other account. 
E-mail me please with any questions.  as soon as you can.  Thank you for your help. 
i started filling 04/12/2016 i had  a lot of trouble because of ID and pass word by using number codes i though i had them donenow im finding they werent e-filled also i still cant get in without using a code 
I've used TurboTax the last two years but the 2014 return does not show up. 
I amended the 2014 1040 because of IRS Notice 2015-2 (increase in pretax transit benefits). I was instructed to fill out form 843 to reclaim the excess social security taxes paid. I am now being told that that is the incorrect form and that I should have added the excess social security taxes paid to line 12 on form 1040X. Im not sure how to correctly fill out line 12 - do I add the excess taxes paid to the federal taxes or do I just list the excess taxes. I cant figure out how to amend an amended return so I was going to do this the old fashioned way. Thanks. 
extension to file approval form from irs 
Do I have to pay for turbo tax once or every year? I have to file for 2013 and 2014 
And if so, how do I need to file and amended return? 
already file an extension, now how do I file my tax 
received a letter from the government for identity verification on April 11th 
I filed my mother in laws taxes last year, but on turbo tax it states it is still active, why? 
oringal signatures  showingthe transferred amount from form 8962 
I want to call someone there too discuss this issue whats the phone numberr 
How do I access my 2014 returns if I am not filing my 2015 taxes with you. 
Why does Turbo Tax have some sort of life checking. When I filed for Socil Seceurity, they flagged the IRS. IRS said I should have filed a form to say she had passed away, but she was alive the entire 2015 Tax Year ? What going to happen next year for they said I still have to claim her ?  Where in your information does it say is the person still alive ? 
please let me know that the payment has been received and my account is paid in full 
I filed it on turbo tax need her adjusted gross income for faspa 
I see a charge on my credit card for $11.99 and think that is the purchase. 
there is a software glitch on form 8379 it is not checking boxes. will turbo tax be crediting customers for their aggravation? 
I have used your product for the past several years with no problems in filing my return.  I don't understand why I am having problems with the product this year.  I also noticed that there is a fee of 39.99 for the Premuim Service Benefits which when it aasked if I wanted this product service I indicated I did not but I was charged 39.99 for it.  When I go on the website of Where's my refund I can not seem to get any information regarding my e-filed return.  Was it filed and am i going to be penalized if in fact the Turbo tax did not e-file my return on April 9, 2016.  Please help it has been more that the 21 days that are required to process my refund and money is tight. 
I see the examples provided by the TurboTax help. However, I read IRS Pub 587 and found no mention of any limitation.Can you please provide the IRS reference for this question in TurboTax? 
But I have the email that said that it was successfully sent and accepted. 
Received a letter from IRS asking for a form 8962 but never received a 1095-A. How do I proceed? Also what are the ramifications of not providing. Tax return was accepted and taxes were paid. Thanks 
I only have one account and I have upgraded to plus and still can't see my 2014 return 
my friend efiled my taxes and I detected an error. She put in 5 more numbers for my bank account auto deposit. My efile on IRS site has been saying pending for 5 months now. I have over 2,000 dollars for my return to be automatic deposit in bank please help me fix this 
Couldnt find how to prepare the statement in TurboTax to waive the Carryback period under section 172(b)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
I was finally able to order both transcripts on Fri and still today being Tuesday I don't have a ddd I was wondering how long did it take everyone to get a ddd after you order you transcripts I was hopping an update over the weekend but nothing I don't know what's going on 
Although I expect my income to decrease a bit as I was very eager to start, I am making about $2000 CAD weekly. I do not know how to claim this as income, or what I need to do to follow tax laws. 
the amount of money needed is in the range of 50,000 per year 
Help with IRS wanting more money 
What does my audit protection do to help with this? 
When I login to turbo tax, it says that my return is unfinished. I used the program software to restart the whole thing. Haven't received my return yet. I did, however, file on the very last day so could that be why I haven't received it? Also, my file is corrupt so I can't see the exact dollar amount of my return. please advise. 
I just received a letter in the mail from DC telling me I still owe taxes 
I cannot find 2013 federal and state and must have used a different id and password 
needing to print my 2014 for mortgage purposes, can only find my 2014 return 
I am not sure what to do now and confused as to why I couldn't file electronically this year? 
I have not received my refund. 
WHY ISN'T MY 2015 TAX FILE AVAILABLE 
I have a password protected 2013 return on my email but do not have the password.  How can I unlock/open the file? 
Line 20a shows a total SS tax os $34,006 but line 20b shows taxable of $19,000.  IRS says that this is wrong and I owe $4,3200 in addiitional taxes.  What is wrong? 
I do not have print center from accounts menu or any orange boxes.  i need to print out 2014 return. 
I filed my taxes for 2015 and already received my tax return. Now, while I'm looking back at my return it says that I did not complete the tax filing process. 
CA box 2 number won't take in the 1095-A. 
I need to upgrade to the Plus account to access my last three years of returns but I can't seem to find the option. I've read the article "How Do I Upgrade to Plus" and it has not provided the answer. 
The note on Turbo Tax for the 2555 form reported I can exclude my total income as I qualified---as I have for the last 10 years. However the 1040 still shows I owe $2,387. Thus, I can't print or send until this is fixed. Don't know where the problem is? 
I cannot e-file my taxes due to a chapter 13. How do I instead print the return to hand into my lawyer? 
I was receiving a refund that the IRS is holding for previous taxes. I owe Turbo Tax $29.99.     HOW DO I PAY? 
Hey guys,is there a way to know if i amended my 2014 tax return? i need to amend it (possibly for the second time) 
i entered some information on incorrect lines on my original 1120s. I've amended the form but i think i need a 1040x. Can you help? 
How/ When are we able to add/ amend the returns to provide the complete information? 
(I was hoping I could log back in to TurboTax, and just change that one piece of info, and see what difference it would make. But maybe I've waited too long? (May 31) 
Many thanks to epo39b for the reply. Problem resolved. 
I mistakenly did the whole return with me first, then realized I had listed husband first on all previous returns so went back and changed personal info order and order of W2s. 
I would like to load up my 2014 tax documents that were submitted in 2015. I was hoping for the sake of ease I could do that here rather than digging through all my files. 
I paid my state tax due but I found out that I forgot to put health insurance deduction. I paid $200 more than I supposed to pay to state. first, should I amend my return? second, if I amend the return, would state return the $200 to me? 
I filed my taxes in Feb. I have yet to receive my return and am beginning to get quite irritated! I was going to amend it but when I entered the changes, my return was still the same, therefore, I did not submit it. 
Just got an tax due notice on my 2014 return from IRS and noticed my employee stock options income has got double taxation. Seeking for solutions. Thank you! 
I'm out of the US for two years, now I need the Georgia State IRS address to mail my State Tax Return. Can you please e-mail me the address (it websie can't be linked)the address is for oversea taxpayer! Thanks 
did I complete my forms 
it says i cant continue with it and i cant continue without it. 
My wife has exclusive possession of marital property while divorce is pursuing. she hasnt payed property taxes and home will soon go to tax sale. Is she legally responsible to pay them ? Or doesnt the exclusive possession have any impact on tax liability. I have a feeling it doesnt, but will I be able to sue her for losing my half of the homes value ? 
I can view my purchase on the "orders" page of my account, but when I go to my tax timeline, I'm getting prompted like I never filed a 2015 return. 
I have been audited by the irs and they say that my has was not properly entered on my taxes. they got a 1099-sa that stated the distributions from my HSA. I have used turbotax for many years and have entered the has information the same each year. Can you HSA distribution count towards taxable income? 
do I just mail in a check to the IRS with my SS number of do I need a form to go with the check? 
the IRS sent me a letter stating I need to amend my return.  I left information off of FORM 8962.  How do I enter the info and print my return for mailing? 
Hi, IRS accepted my federal return on January 29 and it says the FL return status is "ready to mail". I am not sure what to do now and I live in Australia and would like to receive it soon. How do i know when it will be sent or if it has been sent? 
My girlfriend and I(not legally married) own a business together. How would we show the net profit on our taxes when we deposit the money in to a shared bank account? 50/50? i know we have to file a self-employed claim but thats about as much as i could figure out. 
I thought I had saved a copy but cannot track down the .pdf file 
Am I using the wrong one? 
I've downloaded the program to amend my 2014 federal,  however it's asking me to pay for my state returns, which I already did when I filled in Feb 2015. HELP 
When should the funds be available if the both returns show deposited? 
I would like to also know if, if i pay the membership fees now can i access my already filed tax files or preview them? 
I resent my tax return 2015 without corrections. 
The refund is not appearing on any of my statements since March, 2016. The checking and routing # provided to Turbo Tax was correct because I received my state refund no problem. What do you advise? 
Hello, if I don't want to e file and I'm using online version, is there a  way to pay and print? tnx u 
I need a phone number for a customer rep!!!! 
do turbo tax do these 
The state now claims I owe them another $1,979, due June 10. 
file out with turbo tax need a copy of it201x 
I am currently in a part-time MBA program in order to advance my career (not switch careers). I have been paying for tuition out of pocket (resulting in approx. 60k of tuition during 2015). When I filed my 2015 taxes, I used the lifetime learning tax credit. Should I file an amendment and take the non-reimbursable business expense instead? I heard that I meet all of the requirements for it... 
It has been 10 weeks, need to track it. Help 
I mailed my Kansas State return How do I know if the State have got it yet? 
I have entered my W2 correctly but don't understand why the sum of my withheld tax is $300 more than my W2 sum in the turbo tax calc? 
but now IRS said that I owe $1,086.00 please can you help me with this? I can't talk right now but after 5pm I can receive a call or you can e-mail to me. Thank you 
I have not received check that the above bank was to issue to me 
Do I just post this as an estimated tax payment? 
Not sure how to verify shared info that working for a social service agency (non-profit) might get my school loan waived.  Attended on-line college approx. 1.5 yrs before pulling out. 
Daniel F [[PII REMOVED !!)]]DUPLICATE\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364686-where-is-my-refund-i-know-it-went-to-bank-with-this-pii-re...\n 
I mailed my tax form around 2 month ago. When I enter my info in where is my refund irs webpage , it does not give me any information. I am thinking may be IRS did not receive my mail :(I dont know what should I do now? Should I resend my forms? Or should I send a 1040 amended from? My refund amount is not that much, I do care more about my tax history to be complete. Please help. Thanks 
below what net income ( less exemptions and STD deduction) do you not pay taxesmarried jointly what is the std deduction?, exemption? 
My e-mail address is [personal info deleted for privacy] please include to verify interaction. 
I was supposed to receive a check of my refound, but I never received. Can I change my delivery adress? 
When I access my account, It doesn't show I completed my taxes however I did complete them and I received my refund.  I just need access to my tax return documents for financial advise. 
error message: shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; But I checked. all these two field are conforming to the rule. 
can't get thru to IRS by phone 
I'm trying to pull my 2015 tax report 
Phone number for bank holding my refund 
I received a notice from you saying that my federal and State returns were rejected because of my AGI.  I used the AGI that was originally submitted on my 2014 returns and still was rejected.  What do I do now? 
It has been more than 3 months and nothing. My address is correct and I`ve checked everything 1000 times. Is there any way I can ask for the check to be re-sent or sent to a friends address in the USA? 
I have the tax file available 
I have received a new w2 that I would like to file for however I do not see where I can delete the form I started. Is there a way for me to fill out a new return. 
I tried to e-file for a week, bit it would not let me. I hate to mail the return.It never told me why. 
LYFT IS A PART TIME JOB MY FULL TIME EMPLOYMENT IS IMPORTED INTO TURBO TAX WILL LYFT EARNINGS DO THE SAME 
I need to submit a second T1Adj form but I cannot bring up a blank form to do the second one. 
I go to school part-time and work full-time. How much can I deduct from taxes? 
Can I use TURBO TAX FREE VERSION W/ a full time job as a nurse and part time LYFT driver 
Is this a legitimate email from you? What should I do now to check/correct my return? 
The 2nd box TOTAL DIST is checked.  If gross distribution is used I may be taxed with a 50% tax penally if an amount for MRD is not indicated.  I have talked to my employer and cannot not get an answer. 
California AGI: 8,306, California std deduction: $4,044. This yields $4,262 taxable income, all from capital gains. Because it is unearned income, and my parents made ~$150k, it is taxed at their rate, even though they dont claim me as a dependent. from Form FTB3800, I owe $396, minus $109 personal exemption, minus $69 renters credit = $227 according to Turbotax. I just received a letter from the California FTB saying I owe $336, not $227. This is $109 different, so I assume California thinks I am not entitled to the personal exemption, even though my parents didnt claim me as a dependent. TurboTax knows all of this too. Now I owe penalties and interest. Which one is correct? 
Each are paid separately when they have a sale, and each receives a separate 1099, but husbands is less than $1000.  He has almost no expenses (a little mileage) so it would be easier to combine both into one Schedule C if possible. 
When I apply for a Foreign Tax Credit, initially I get the credit in TurboTax and I complete the section.  When I click on Smart Check it says I need to fill in the Reduction in Foreign Taxes section of my Foreign Earned Income - Deductions.  No matter what I enter in this field it takes away my tax credit.  What is it asking for in this section?  I can see another FAQ where it says I should take answers from form 2555, but I can't see the actual forms until I'm done.  Please help. 
I am doing 2014 taxes & bought the software 
Do I need to have 10 % held for IRS when I withdrawl for tax purposes if its not gonna be taxed. 
I need this ASAP for my mortgage company. thank you 
I need to know how to file both as a sole proprietor for a massage practice and an independent contractor for a house cleaning business owned by someone else. Do I need 2 separate schedule c forms? How do I proceed with my taxes? Thank you! 
We have a 1099-G regarding the return addressed to both of us. We both filed itemized for 2015. He was advised by a CPA to only include 50% of the total from the 1099-G. 
This case is about Louisiana state tax return of 2013. My income is only $900 of 2013 in Louisiana. Turbotax suggested me don't need to file Louisiana state tax return. But I received letter from Louisiana department of Revenue, the letter showed I got tax due and penalties. Now I received letter from Louisiana Board of Tax Appeals. I need help follow this case. Do you have any service for it? Thanks 
No flood ins on contents.. no FEMA payments for contents 
how do I get to my previous years tax return 
My parents are moving from Poland to the US. They are Polish citizens. They just sold their apartment in Poland for $74,000. They want to bring that money with them. I looked through different options of doing that, and a wire transfer seems to be the safest option. I am a US citizen, and they have another son who is an international student here in the US (a nonresident). My parents do not have an account in the US, and will not have one until about January when they get their Green Card. If my parents wire the money to me, will I have to pay taxes on it? If my parents wire the money to my brother (nonresident), will he have to pay tax on it? If my parents wire the money to either me or my brother, and withdraw it before the year ends (either in cash or deposit it into a bank account if they manage to get one), will they have to pay tax on it? They will likely be with no tax status on December 31st (visitors), and will become US Permanent Residents in January. Lastly, is there a way for them to own their own money without paying tax to IRS? It doesnt sound fair that Polish citizens moving to the US have to pay tax to the US for a property they sold in Poland... 
My refund has been held up, received letter that Form 8962 wasnt included with my TurboTax Return 
I completed my taxes and were submitted. What happened to the copy? 
I am listed as the recipient on the form 1098. 
Hi, its for my 2016-17 FAFSA Verification through South Puget Sound Community College. They will not accept a copy of the return, only the tax return transcript. Just wondering how i get a copy of that. thank you for your help. 
How can we remedy this? 
I received a letter from IRS that indicated I need to file 8962 and make a small change on my 1040. (line 69). Please advise how to do it. thanks. 
For the life of me, I thought I submitted.  I printed it out and I knew that you wanted me to file my Illinois State through TurboTax, but I chose not to.  I was for certain that the response was to finish the return based on filing for State. I sincerely, thought the Federal went through.  Can you tell me my true status and what to do if I failed to file? 
I am redoing my sons 2014 taxes and filing his taxes for 2015. He has not used turbo tax.Should I setup a new account for him? Can I enter the 2014 1040EZ info he filed for 2014 in TurboTax, then file an amended 2014 tax return adding a schedule C and changing the filing status to married filing jointly? Do I need to do the same for his wife? She filed a 1040EZ as well. 
IT says I can upgrade to the deluxe edition to access my 2014 returns but it will not let me purchase the deluxe version I can only purchase the premium for $79.99. I will spend the $29.99 to get my returns but I cannot spend 79.99. 
I filed my 2015 taxes with turbotax online but now when I log in it just asked me if I would like to file like I am a new customer. I clicked load my tax timeline and it just shows joined turbotax?? 
I didn't receive my 1099-SA distributions form until several months after the deadline for filing taxes for 2014.  The IRS now wants 1240.00 plus interest for not reporting 2756.31.  I use my HSA account strictly for medical expenses only.  They want the money by June 22, 2016.  What do I do? 
I have filed as a resident alien for 2015 and it is my first year in the US. I received a form 1042 S with Income code 29 (Interest Income), Chapter 3 Exemption code 02 (Exempt under IRC (other than portfolio interest)) and Chapter 4 Exemption code 15 (Payee not subject to chapter 4 withholding). The amount in box 7 (withholding) and 10(credit) is zero. However, since I am a resident alien, I am not sure if I should pay tax on this income. And I have already filed my tax returns without it since I got this statement after filing. Should I file an amendment and pay tax on this or just report it with 1042 S but pay no tax. I am not sure why I am exempt as per this form. Can someone please tell me the process and forms to be filled? Any exemption claim I can make? 
When the return downloaded it was all 0 
I would like to access a copy of last year tax return but am unable to do. The system is not recognizing my information as a past client and is not pulling past years on my time line. 
Franchise Tax Board sent me a notice of tax return change, saying that they calculated my CA income tax withholding differently that what I say. Now I suddenly owe $2,000. I checked my withholding from my W-2, and there was no error found. I really dont have a clue how could they calculated it to be even less than withholding from just one of my W-2. Anyway, was anyone successful in calling FTB? I am out of country and have no other means that I can talk to them really, but the waiting time is like 2 hours (on international call!). I also wonder what happens if they dont respond to my dispute before the due date. What is also ridiculous is that the balance is due in 2 weeks from the notice. I just got forwarded this letter and really am feeling frustrated. 
I received  my state but never my federal. I went to the website and it still said prossessing. Help me please! 
I have not received the state tax refund, when I checked instruction generated by TurboTax, learnt that I should have mailed the official return with W-2 before April 18 2016. How do I go about this now? 
i have the file but not the software 
I need this ASAP!!! 
My husband and I both contributed $5,000 each to a flexible spending account last year.  We didn't realize the max was $5,000 per couple until this year.  How do I adjust this on my tax return?  We are doing married filing separately. 
i don't even remember setting a password and I certainly know the answer to the security question but still it say invalid , ugh.  Anyone else have this as an issue after updating Turbotax 2015? 
I was a resident of US for tax filing purpose during 2015. My Wife is on F1 visa. We filed out federal and state taxes jointly. I have foreign accounts and i have filed  FBAR for all the individual accounts. Are we required to file FBAR for my wife ? 
box 7 Income this appears what does it mean 
I my state tax on March 19th, 2016.  I just received a letter in the mail I did not pay it, and now its late and they are charging me $117.  Why was this not taken care of. 
CA FTB determined I owed money, determining my withholding was almost $4000 less than what is shown on my forms.  This is after we sent them my W-2 and 1099-R which adds up to withholding claim 
Shared with other policy holders 
how do I print them online 
We found information in multiple different places stating the processing can take 3 weeks. In another place, it said 12 weeks. In another it said 16 weeks. Any experience with this?? TIA! 
How can I see a break down of what Turbo tax paid to the state or federal based off of my deductions. I got a notice from California that I have payments due however my assumption was that Turbo Tax paid that amount for me when they deduct from my returns. 
EDD is auditing me for the month of June 11/2011 ~June 18/2011 like to verify  who i worked for and if this is a error i do not see it on my taxes 
i have ll my paper work saying that i ill get my tax return 3-4 weeks but i logged back in and now its saying that nothing happened. 
TRANSFER DATA FROM BAD DESKTOP TO LAPTOP BUT THERE I AM NOT ABLE TO OPEN MY TAX RETURN BECAUSE THE TAX RETURN CONTAIN THE CALIFORNIA AND THE ARIZONA TAXES AND MY LAPTOP DOES NOT HAVE THE TWO STATES INSTALLED. WHAT CAN I DO. 
Got a letter from the CA Franchise tax board today in the mail not 2 months after e-filing and sending them a check for the amount owed, since apparently they wanted more than was withheld. Even though we entered everything into turbotax, and imported W-2's electronically without issue, our sole source of incomes, the CA Franchise tax board states that we under-reported our income somehow, and owe 5 times what we just paid them. How does Turbox F#@^ such a simple return up, or is it the California FTB that somehow has different data then our employers / W-2's. It was just a married filing jointlytax return, with no deductions, and we mailed them a check w/ CALIFORNIA FORM 3582 (e-file) generated by TurboTax. Not sure why California thinks $2000 less was withheld by our employers. W-2's match E-FILE / FORM 540 / Line 71 California income tax withheld.I need this like I need another hole in my head.. 
Im following the help articles, and they aren't helping me at all. I think I need to upgrade in order to access my tax return, and that's fine, but I can't figure out how to pay to upgrade!! The help article says to click on the big, orange button... and there isn't one. 
I am following up on the above 2015 tax transaction, authorization # ###### from April 2nd, 2016, and seeing when I will receive the return. Please advise 
I am your customer, and paid for the audit assistance while filled my taxes. I need your assistance please. Only one week left to justify this. For more info use my email address to contact me. Thanks! 
Misplaced tax forms and I need to file FAFSA 
Apparently, my tax return is STILL processing.  How can that be? 
I need a copy of them ASAP. I paid the fee to file so should have access to them 
In order to track my refund on the NY state website I need to know the exact amount of my refund.  I do not have access to my returns when I login to the website.  This is very annoying, I've been waiting for my NY state refund for too long! 
working married couple with one child. 
I cant access my account as Im being asked to pay again.  I was given a support number 2 days ago but havent managed to get through to xxxxxxxx.  Can I have another number?  The original incidence number was :  xxxxxxxxxx 
I don't know how to print that form to mail by in to the IRS. 
I sold my house after living in it for 23 months and 26 days.  I plan to seek a partial capital gain exclusion based on a health related move in order to take care of my adult son who suffers from ADHD?  IRS publication mentions disease and illnesses and I assume ADHD falls into that category but wanted to confirm so. 
i want to speak to someone, why does it say you are closed 
Computer crashed and need copy for bank re-fi 
After sending in 1092 like I was asked my adjusted gross income transferred from page 1 to page 2 of my return does not match my originally filed return now they want a newly completed tax return with original signatures and all forms. What do I do ? 
another w 2 form 
I am trying to decide whether it is a good idea to spend money on a piece of office equipment if the info that I store on it cannot be used. I have a home office that is over run with paper work and I am trying to get everything organized and I thought that one of the neat desk would be a good idea if the info could be used. 
I receive the refund from a different W-2 but when I add another one it didn't and I'm still waiting  for almost 2 months now. 
I tried changing email in accounting but did work 
Is it too late to obtain TurboTax's Representative services now that I have been audited by the IRS for my 2013 taxes? 
I was not able to locate any of previous tax returns online and need a copy of my 2014 return I filed with turbo tax 
Hello. I own an S-corporation and want to make my spouse a shareholder. She does not have SSN nor EIN, just ITIN. Form 2553 - column M wants me to give Social security number or employer identification number. Can she be the s-corp shareholder using having only ITIN? 
I have an S-corp that operated in 2014.  For 2015, a new S-corp was created that resumed operations of the first one.  The old company did not have operations in 2015, and we thought we were going to fold the old company into the new one.  We decided to make the new company a parent and the old the subsidiary.  I am not completely sure what to do with the R/E of the old company, however. Also, do I prepare a consolidated S-Corp and if so, how do I do it in Lacerte?  I didnt see where Lacerte had a form 1122 available for S-Corps.  Thank you in advance, and I appreciate your help. 
contact number 
I am claiming my daughter of 33 years as dependent in 2015 because she had no income in 2015 and we had to support her financially. She got her health insurance through Health Insurance Market Place. Am I supposed to return the health insurance credit she received because my AGI is more than 400% of Federal Poverty level 
I missed a year of filing taxes. Can that be done through turbotax or should I go see someone else? 
Dear Turbo Tax,As I found unusual activity such a deductions that you have done several days ago with my bank account, I would like to report that I have not received any refunds until now. Please let me know what deduction it is, and why should my account has been deduct for refund that I do not even received.Thank you,Made Nanda 
No phone number in US for call back from expert, and where is my refund does not find anything either. 
and if so how do I do that on my return 
My state and federal returns were accepted over a month and a half ago...federal has come my way, but not state - is OK experiencing delays on this? 
If I get married, do I need to inform my employer? They don't cover my health insurance, and I file my taxes through Intuit Turbo Tax every year. So, do I have to inform them of it? 
Order date: Feb 16, 2016Total charges: $34.99 
Need some asnwers ASAP 
The child is my grandson who lives with me since March 2015. 
Hi - I wonder if the company I work for can give me money to pay for my tuition (I'm pursuing an MBA) ? If so, how much can the company claim as a write off  ? and what is the process to follow for  the company ?Also, as an individual, can I claim the tuition and/or the loan interests on my tax return for next year ?I've also read about Business Deduction for Work-Related Education but I'm not sure how this would apply ? Thank you for your help. 
I alread filed and got my refund. Now I want to see my data. I don't want any update that would change the numbers on my forms 
My IL-based partnership e-filed 2015 taxes, then changed to an LLC.I understand the IRS still treats the LLC as a partnership, and our business keeps its EIN, but still need to be informed of the name change. Per their website, "Partnerships  Notify the IRS on your current year partnership income tax return (Form 1065). If youve already filed your return for the current tax year, youll need to write to the IRS at the filing address... For multi-member LLCs, follow the partnership process."I e-filed using TurboTax Business.What address do I send the notification to?(It doesn't look like we filed with an M-3, and made less than $10 million... does that mean to use the OH address from https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-your-taxes-for-form-1065)?Also, what should I send?A blank paper with the old and new business names, and member signature?A copy of the LLC Articles of Organization, adding old business name and member signature?Finally, the bank we make our deposits to is waiting to change our business name until it receives "documentation reflecting the change from partnership to LLC from the IRS. Once I have confirmation, I will make the name change on the account."  Will we receive something like this? 
If i wanted to serve some legal documents who should i send it too, i also wrote a complaint to the BBB 
1040 form for my paper filing 
I efiled my federal tax forms.  IRS accepted them.  I received a letter from IRS to send them my W-2s, and 1099 forms.  I received a letter from IRS telling me that I will be receiving $1242.00 in refund, but I havent received it yet.  Am I suppose to file an amended form or what? 
I have already filed using the standard deduction. Before making that decision, I put in all the data for my actual deductions. Now I can't find a Schedule A, list of deductions, or list of donations. Where should I look for it? 
Searching: "Someone help I am very confused. In 2014 I received a 1098t from school I didn't even know I received one when I looked box 2 says 37180 and box 5 says 42874 I didn't have any other income and had a loan that helped pay for school that's all I don't know what to do the amount excedded looks to be about 5000 I have never done taxes and I didn't know I had to do anything and I am super scared that I was suppose to do something and now I would owe so much money someone please help me " 
Sept 2015 and Jan 2016 pmts of $300 
I still have a D.C. drivers license and not sure yet whether I will move back to D.C. or VA or another state near by. I do own a home in NH but they don't have income tax. Not sure if that will matter. Just trying to figure out if I will end up paying the same D.C. state taxes being overseas for the rest of 2016, regardless of not having an apartment, house, or any physical presence in D.C. Employer is based out of DC as well, fyi. Wonder if anyone has any experience with this? Thanks! 
Need to use your softwarer 
Cust service rep suggested i buy deluxe as it was $94! as following your instructions i needed to add another state then i was charged extra. Rep could not answer any questions as to why PLUS was not available to me. If i already had PLUS why was I not able to access my 2014 tax return? I would like this fee refunded. 
My babysitter is a couple years older than me and this is her only source of income. No one claims her and she has a dependent. She watches my two children (6 month old daughter and 2 year old son). When we file taxes next year, how should we file? What percentage of taxes will I have to pay for this service and what will she have to pay the state when she files? I have been paying cash and she is not licensed. Will I need some sort of proof, or is just her social and info valid enough? Please advise, thanks! 
Please advise. 
[edited for privacy ]I have a similar letter re IRS return. \n......length of post.. 
Please help.  I need my info from my 2014 tax return that I filed using liberty tax.   Im trying to buy turbo tax but it is asking for my wife and kids social security numbers and I do not have and cannot get easily.  Please help me file my 2015 return. 
I am a practicing attorney in Manchester, Vermont. My client owed some money on her account, she paid on May 27 but the files are still inaccessible.  She has tried contacting you without success. How can she call and speak to someone at Turbo Tax? Thank you, Cristina Mansfield, Esq. Manchester Vt 
Plus I am unable to get a deduction for state sales tax paid. 
copy of my 2015 return 
the directions given weren't very specific and couldn't find any of the recommended buttons to follow. 
The letter says I now owe $800+ 
Earlier I did not have ITIN for my wife and daughter and completed filing Federal Return in the category "Standard Deduction" and "Married Filling Joint" having my Child as a dependent. Now since I received ITIN for both of my wife and daughter, I edited federal tax return in Turbo Tax and I notice the refund is decreased by more than 50% after entering ITIN information of my spouse and daughter. I am trying to understand how ITIN affects the amount of refund. Why refund is shown now half of what it was shown earlier. Rest of the information still remains same. No additional income.Your response is highly appreciated. thanks 
I had a major surgery at the Huron regional med.center in January been laid up,have to go get another opinion next week and I will need the money to get there 
I am married to a non US citizent. I have filed taxes as married filing speratly as my husband doesn't have a Ss# nor income in the USA. However his name appears on the returns (under filing status) . We have been married for over 7 years and use our home as primary residence. Can we benefit from the $500,000 examption if we add my husbands name to the next tax returns under Joint filing? Or do we need to do it for 2 consecutive years? 
i do not have a printer 
I have 3 w2s: One from TX, two from my work in MO- one with KS withholding =0 and one with MO withholding = xxx.Do I have to pay tax in KS for the earnings made in MO even if I paid income tax in MO? 
I am now selling the property which is under my name. My dad purchased it for $40k and I'm selling for $63k. Title company will issue a check to me. I will then divide it 3 ways, between me and my 2 siblings. Is this subject to capital gains tax? Or any other tax? And if so how much? 
I paid my 1st 2016ES on 4/15/16, however I indicated incorrectly on eftps as 2015, now I received CP24 and due a bigger refund.   I already paid 4 ES payments for 2015, this one meant to be for 2016, can I send the refund check back and apply the amount to my 1st 2016 ES, thanks.    Otherwise will I have penalty for not paying 1st ES on time ?  Thanks. 
I was told that because Im 80 only have social security I didnt have to file 
we were audited on our 2010 return and turbo tax didn't add in our 15a line for IRA distributions.  It only added it in the subline but not the 15b line therefore giving the wrong total income, hence we now have to pay more on Federal and state as we have gotten letters from both.  I have used turbo tax for several years and now not sure I will continue unless they are going to help resolve this issue which wasn't our fault but the calculating of the software that was wrong. 
won't let me click on options to get for free 
my e-mail address is 2bonafide4you@sbcglobal.net....resend invoice. 
I have been trying and not able too 
Used the How do I upgrade to PLUS? help page., but again the button its asking about does not show. 
in my account, it shows it is accepted 
How can I check and verify if I was charged once or twice for the service? I think they just deducted it from my return even after I got an email asking to pay it manually because it was taking too long. If so, who can I contact to get a refund? 
The house in Ireland was my husbands main residence, but he was traveling for a while and moved to the US as a resident in Sept. 2013.  There is no rental income on the home.  It was bought in 2005 for 226 Euros and is selling now for 265 Euros. 
How do I do it? 
Not as this point. 
that was roughly 28% of sale. how do I report this withholding? I sold at a loss and the only tax form they gave me was for dividends. 
to avoid penalty 
I called irs and they said h&r block changed my birthday but I had them pull up all my taxes and my birthday is correct on all the forms 
The summary showed that "my calculations" for CA income tax withholding were significantly different than theirs, so I just reviewed our W-2s and they still add up to the same amount, exactly what I put on the return and approximately $3K different from what they say we actually withheld. The amount of difference is not a number I see elsewhere. I can communicate with them, too, but is this common? Is it possible that an employer didn't send the money they said they withheld? 
I was able to delete it from Federal  and thought it should carry over to California 
I havent finished my 2014 taxes and i need to get back into it, finish it and mail it.  I cant get to that part where i continue with my filing.Please call me at [DELETED] 
I am having a really hard time efiling because there is an error that I am totally confused on , form 5884, this is by far the most frustrating thing I have ever come across 
What does T4AP stand for? 
The paragraph below states, " The 1099-G amount reported inbox 2 calculation:"Oklahoma withholding plus any estimated payments you have made plus any payment with extension minus Oklahoma income tax. 
I was single at the time I'm just wondering can I go back and claim married since we got married afterwards and can I claim my stepdaughter or would I have to be married for a certain period of time 
Need to remove all personal information, as no longer a Turbotax user. 
I'm having trouble recovering my username and password from my existing account. 
Meaning, I have health insurance in another country but not in the US. 
This is confusing I need help from customer service 
When I look at my 2013 return it includes a W-2 (and other work pages) all total it is over 30 pages. However, my 2014 & 2015 returns are 9 and 11 pages respectively. Why are they so much shorter and why do they not contain the same paperwork? 
I have been homeless since 6/2016  Because of a medical problem I had with no insurance I lost my home  I have been sleeping in my car and taking showers at a truck stop in order to work.  I have been spending 95% of my money on hotel rooms just to sleep  I need every penny I can get.  My credit score is so low no one will rent to me. 
Need to complete 8962, supply copy of 1095A & a newly computed page 2 of my tax return w/original signatures, showing transfer amount from form 8962 
I have followed the steps given but when I click on the print save button it just takes me back to the tax timeline. when I do get to the upgrade option each time it grays out the previous version and keeps getting more expensive 
Logging in today, my history is gone - no prior year tax returns, no record that I filed taxes today.  I filed successfully back in February, using the same credential for many years. Any ideas? 
I saved a copy to my computer but cannot find it online. 
I mostly need the dresses of places dos end my state (Illinois) and federal estimated taxes for June - and for September as I will still be at our summer home.  I forgot to bring along the necessary forms.  Thank you. 
ITS NOT UNDER THE WELCOME HOME BOX LIKE THE FAQ SAID. IM SERIOUSLY DESPERATE 
Will I need to pay quarterly taxes? I heard there was a minimum amount and that I could wait till end of year. 
I filled out through turbo tax and It said I owe around $900. Then, later I found out I skipped whole my property tax related information... I did fill out turbo tax again and it said I have around $1300 of refund. I did amended report and expected that $1300 of refund only.However, IRS took $900 first then $1200 refund back to me later.I thought Previous report which owed $900 will be voided once IRS accept Amended Report. but still I didn't get back $900 yet.And there's no way to contact email or phone (all automated... make me frustrated...) First of all... I want to check I understand right thing or missing something... And I want to know how to resolve this issue if I'm right.Thanks in Advance!! 
Would I be able to download copies of my individual tax returns for the past two years? 
Please I need my past taxes to submit to the IRS. Please why would she lie to me  and not call back to help. That is wrong and makes me very unhappy to do business with you guys 
I took a picture of my W2 and would like to know how to access that picture 
I have to mail a copy to the IRS 
I purchased the incorrect Turbo Tax software and need to speak to someone please[Removed] 
My account is associated with an ex-boyfriend. How can I delete it 
I became self-employed beginning February 2016, and my husband (who receives a W-2) and I have filed jointly in the past. Last year we received a refund, mostly because my husband was in school full-time, while also working part-time positions. This year his annual estimated W-2 income would be $64,465.55. My estimated W-2 income is $1,485.06. So far, my estimated annual gross SE income is $5,112. I have a feeling that will increase, and also that I will obtain part-time employment somewhere, or gain additional SE income by other means, but for now that's the amount I obtained from QBSE.I recently began using Intuit's QuickBooks Self-Employed Tax Bundle to help with tracking my self-employed income as well as my federal tax filing, so that seems pretty straight-forward to me, but the state filing is what is really throwing me off.First of all, am I exempt from paying quarterly since this is my first year of self-employment, and since my husband and I received a refund last year? (I do understand if I am indeed exempt from quarterly payments that I would have to pay the lump tax sum by 4/15/17.)Secondly, I am having difficulty understanding the specifics of determining my quarterly state tax payments. When completing the worksheet that helps me calculate the NC income tax, should I be including our household/spouse and I's gross income or just my SE income for 'estimated federal adjusted gross income'? I'm not sure what to list as 'estimated additions to federal adjusted gross income' or 'estimated deductions...'. At first I assumed that only applied to my own self-employment income, but when I got to the step to enter in my standard deduction, I realized that the standard deduction is specific to the fact that we're MFJ, and that amount as it stands now would be $12,600.00. So that made me re-think the whole process of what amount I need to be entering for the gross income/additions/deductions.I'd really appreciate any assistance with the matter! 
The IRS says they transferred my refund to my bank account, but it never arrived. It turns out the routing number and account number on my 1040 pdf copy are not the numbers I entered for my electronic refund. It looks like there was some kind of scamming operation going on with my 2015 TurboTax. 
HELP 
no help button no plus upgrade option 
If I can't pay the $650 now will I get in trouble and will they take it from my taxes next year, I want them to do that 
I do not understand how, if, & where, I can claim the $ amount that I paid into an invention when I file taxes. I have not acquired assets from it yet. Can anyone tell me in plain english? I have had 2 answers but, do not understand them???? 
the wrong pin number. I can.t seem to get to it, to revise it 
My computer crashed and I lost my 2014 and before tax return data.  When I went to my account, it said I did not file with turbo tax.  I have been using turbo tax for many years.  How do I recover my tax data? 
My husbands income was duplicated an we already received tax check. How do I fix this as we will have to get health insurance 
i have already e-filed my taxes for the 2015 year and they were accepted and ive already recieved my return. I need to retrieve a copy of my filed 2015 tax return for use in buying a house.  Any help would be appreciated 
I called customer support and they are not helpful- they are telling me I am stuck paying again.  That doesn't seem right or fair.  FYI, I have not filed the first return, but I have paid.Any ideas.Thanks 
i would like to transfer money to my mother overseas for nursing home , she is not a US citizen , am I confined to the 14,000 $ gift money ? or can I transfer more while declare it in my next year's report and pay tax or something , is there a limit on the amount transferred  ? 
Line 64 on 1040 is higher than my withholding (box 2) of W2.  I can't tell where the extra is coming from (and now have a letter from irs also asking).  The difference appears to be box 6 on the W2 which says "Includes add med"....can anyone explain if this should be included in the withholding sum? 
According to FAFSA and USC I cannot file head of household. Does that change my original return amount? 
I need to view and print my 2015 taxes as I made a mistake on them.......I was never advised that if I used the so called FREE tax, that I would have to pay to review them........this is something that should be mentioned in advance ......I would have gone with H&R block, where free is free !!!!!!!! 
I was charged for both fed and state. I only wanted to electronically file fed. 
You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access the prior year online returns.  You can pay for the Plus edition you are currently using.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.                                           When I select my account there is no printer center                                          There is a download/print return, I selected it, still wont bring me to your credit card screen. if I tr to print a 2014 return it just keeps telling me to upgrade, but it wont let me upgrade anywhere for $29.99. NO CREDIT CARD PAGE, NO PRINT CENTER, NOTHING!!!!!!  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.THIS IS RIDICULOUS! YOUR PAGE KEEPS TELLING ME TO GO TO THINGS THAT ARE NOT THERE! IF I AM ON THE WRONG PAGE WHY WILL NOTHING GET ME TO THE RIGHT PAGE!????? 
The monthly pension payments are calculated by the administrator, but do these payments count toward the general RMD? 
Somehow my return got changed to itemized, I need to change it back 
Netspend has little technical experience and always hang up on you.  They contradict themselves when they said they'd send me a paper check.  Nope i went back to the IRS.  In 2017 - not Turbo Tax and NO Netspend. It'll go to my bank. 
I have to file by June 15 and do not know how to do this since I have not ever been a 1099 employee. 
I have not received my card yet. I would like to know what card to look for. how will I know? 
I want to know if I will be penalized.  I submitted my return on 4/13/2016 but didn't realized they had been rejected until today when I was going through my returns.  I am worried because I didn't know they had been rejected. 
I need to cancel MAX Assist and Defense bundle 
I purchased my home in July of 2012 and used it as a primary residence. In January of 2014 I converted the home to a rental property since I moved out of state. I am thinking of selling the property in August of 2017. I plan on seeing a gain of at least 100K, not including appox. 25K in depreciation taken over the time period. I am also married, what will the tax treatment be? Will I qualify for the partial exclusion since I resided in the property for less than 2 years? 
I accidently destroyed the ES1040 vouchers for 2016.  Can you duplicate them so I can print? 
Need some big help and dont have the money to find someone to help me On the Marketplace Health Insurance website, it clearly states that when your salary increases you should inform the Marketplace right away to avoid a penalty payment at the end of the year.I did exactly that. From January-May 2015 I only worked part time and OVERESTIMATED my income in the marketplace to avoid any penalty fees. In June 2015 I was promoted to full time, cancelled the Marketplace health insurance and took health insurance from my job. Now because they are saying my overally yearly income was more than I stated, I have to pay back a huge amount $1500. But I was only making more for HALF of the year, and that HALF of the year I WAS NOT provided with health insurance from the Marketplace. How can I fight this? They are only looking at my yearly income and not looking at the fact that I was only covered for half the year at that pay rate and then I cancelled it. 
I moved to GA in Sep, 2014.  It seems there was a timing issue getting my address updated with my retirement administrator.  If I didnt live in SC in 2015, but there is info for SC in Box 13 & box 14 of my 1099R, do I have to file SC state in 2015? 
I paid for it it on one of them because I lost access to my [removed] account for a while. I just want my 2012 return information 
May you tell me how I can take my last income tax request 2016 that I did with impoNet. Because I used TurboTax 
Why didn't TurboTax tell me to include this payment? 
Need you to grant me excess to his turbo tax information. Thanks. 
MY daughter called IRS # for me to retrieve my so called tax ID #. They said I DO NOT have one, enter 0. That didnt work. You say if I have my AGI from 2014 thats enough so whats the deal guys? Lets get it done 
Very cagey and frustrating.  Amazed that Intuit would pull such a fast one. 
Why did the Turbotax instruction sheet not say anything about the W-2s or other required forms? I depend on Turbotax to tell me this stuff, otherwise why would I be paying this program? What can I do? Can I send a copy of the W-2 or does it need my original form? 
[number removed] 
My federal agi is higher than my wages earned, shouldn't that be lower? 
is there a way to refile my taxes. i need the money and grown tired of waiting... 
I am a green card holder. I have income from a U.S. employer on Jan 2015. Then I was hired to work in China, starting June 2015. I stayed in U.S. during the gap (Feb., March, April, and May), so I couldnt pass the physical presence test if my tax year is Jan. 01, 2015 to December 31, 2015. The software suggested me change my tax year. I dont know how to do change that. Should I file form 1128 and then have 1/1/2015-5/31/2015 as the 2015 tax year or 1/1/2015-5/31/2016 as the 2015 tax year? Please advice. Thank you! 
Can excess funds to an AZ 529 span multiple years?  Example: I funded an AZ 529 plan in 2014 for $15,000 and AZ allows $4,000 as Max, so will I be allowed to carry $11,000 forward taking deductions in the following three years? 
After entering the amount I paid in student loan interest n 2015, it showed that I would receive a tax break of a certain amount. But the Federal Refund icon is 0. And it shows no tax refund. Why is that? 
I don't have the slightest clue! 
Whom do I need to contact (and how!)? This should be covered by the TurboTax guarantee, I assume. 
It appears IRS has calculated tax at highest rate, but I think most if not all of the DIV income was "qualified". Have no idea how to go about re-filing through Turbo tax. 
I need copies 
WI phone numbers are down, and no luck via the web-site.  When can I expect my money? 
I have already completed my 2015 tax return. I came on to her to get the forms in order to fill out of my FASFA. I can not continue my classes until i get my FASFA done. It shows my 2014 return but not the 2015. 
Our primary residence is 54 acre property with one house on it, we have lived here over 2 years which would exclude us from paying capital gains. We are now looking at selling the property but considering splitting it into 2 tracts for easier sale. One lot would have the house on it and the other would be a tract without a house. Would doing this require us to pay capital gains tax on one or even both of the newly created properties? 
I am trying to pull up my 2014 return i need to make an amendment 
how do i claim 1099 expense deductions? 
Can you explain how to fill in Form 11 Rita? I filed through turbo tax and Rita says it is wrong and I need to do a form 11. I just need a clear explanation of what goes on each line. Thanks! 
Penalty for excess taxes owed, seems like your program should have included this item.  Always embarrassing to receive a letter from the IRS.  Better check your formulas. 
I filed with Turbo Tax for several years now and I need my 2014 tax return but can't locate it.  Can I download it from your website? 
Should I have reported, and paid taxes on, the 2013 state refund (from an EV Tax Credit) in 2014? Do I need to pay this full amount. A portion owed was from a 1080 that came in after filing. 
incorrect routing and account number on return 
I am trying to file for the automatic 2-month extension for US citizens living abroad. I have started filing my taxes for 2015 and clearly stated that I moved abroad in June 2015. However when I try to file this extension I get a message saying "You were living in the US on April 18 and are not eligible for an automatic extension."  I was not living in the US, how can I get this corrected? 
PLEASE tell me how to get access to my 2014 return. I've tried playing the UPGRADE game, but it will not let me print my 2014 return..... Please help! 
Hi,I live in Brooklyn NY.  I have 2 real estate properties: a 3-bedroom condo that is my primary residence (purchased 2010) and a 2nd 3-bedroom condo (purchased 2007) that I currently rent.  I lived in the 2nd condo for one year (2007-2008) before renting it out.Now I am considering selling the 2nd condo but I dont want to get a tax bite.   I paid $575,000 back in 2007 and it was recently appraised for over $900,000 (Brooklyn real estate is still hot).Does the $250,000 exclusion rule still apply?  Would I need to move back into the 2nd condo and live there for 2 years in order to qualify.   I dont want to sell (or rent) my current residence, so are there exceptions to this criteria and how would I get one?If I sell the 2nd residence, do I need to immediately roll the profits into another property?  Or, preferably, can I roll it into an investment fund instead?Thank you,\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nRT 
I paid for basic TurboTax service. No upgrades. 
I filed my 2015 income taxes with Turbotax (Downloaded) 
Will I have to do anything else once I change the information? Will I have to resubmit the form? 
Also keep being asked to fix the return and don't see anything to fix. 
I answered a question related to my 1099-misc that charged me like a self employment tax.  This is incorrect and i have paid too much in federal taxes and need to amend my return to receive a refund.  I have tried unsuccessfully to make this change on an amended return.  Where on the amended return do I correct this information to receive a refund? 
I have a 1099-b from tdameritrade and it seems to only have imported the gains from the sales transactions and didnt imported the regulated futures contracts losses. how do I enter this in? 
You said id be fecieving my return on june 4 2016 but its still not on my card 
I want to delete my FL State return and just keep my nonresident GA return. 
I transferred some of my ira to my individual trading account later in the year I did a 60-day rollover for 1/2 of the amount  i took and also did a max cash contribution. I'm confused on what to enter 1099r is showing that i took the whole distribution doesn't my 60-day rollover of 1/2 the withdrawal cancel out distribution? Also 5498 Is showing rollover contributions totaling more than my withdrawal(i did an employer rollover at the beginning of the year and toward the end did a 60-day rollover of 1/2 of my distribution. 
I need to input information about a rental property that I sold.  The regular questioning in Turbo Tax Premier isn't getting me where i need to be.  Thanks. 
could you explain to me why this happened.I didn't receive anything from either agency explaining the reason for refunds. 
She already filed without me and claimed the 2 kids.  I supported all of them, but can I claim them if she already filed her return? 
trying to do it for free. 
I need a copy of 2014 and 2015 
the married couples are son+wife,mother+father of the son - joint tenants in common, each wants to take the $500K exemption,property is worth $1M, and is free and clear, no loan. Please advise 
under business taxes it shows special situations including the ability to exclude SE taxes.  I have a waiver from Social Security due to the US-Canada tax treaty.  The screen only allows three ways to include income, not exclude, then it tells you you are done.  It worked last year - sounds like a glitch.  How do I override this? 
I have been charged twice for the 2015 Software. How do I get a refund? 
what should I do first? 
Other services charge $29.99 for filing a state tax return and give me the option to download both my federal and state tax returns. Why does TurboTax charge another $29.99 for downloading the forms? 
We both have lived in the same property as our primary residency for over 5 years. The property is under my name and we are getting married. I just need to know if there is a waiting period before selling, or is it enough just to be married prior to the sale (even for a week) as long as the marriage happens is in the same tax year where the sale takes place? I also assume there is no need to add the second person to the deed before selling. We are in NY. Thanks. 
Turbo Tax had a VT glitch and called saying I needed to refile. Do I start my tax filing over? 
i would like to get a refund for having to do all this leg work myself. If i knew i would have to go through all this i would have done my taxes myself. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!! 
in order to receive my refund I need this form 
Turbo Tax notified me of an error in my original Vermont file.  I have updated TT and once again went through the Vermont taxes.  I notice TT has included several new forms for filing.  When I tried to e-file again TT says Ive already done so.  I do not want to re-file federal, just the state of Vermont 
When will it arrive? 
My employment and self employment is below the foreign exclusion limit, what am I doing wrong??? thank you 
Our April 2015 mortgage thru Wells Fargo offered us the option of paying a one-time fee of $3,000 vice the monthly PMI amount.  How do I deduct this amount? 
Federal and North Carolina 
I would like to apply all eligible foreign taxes to the foreign tax credit instead of taking the foreign income exclusion and only apply the taxes related to the un-excluded portion of foreign income to the credit.First, is this possible? Based on the IRS website, it seems to be so. https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/choosing-the-foreign-earned-income-exclusionSecond, assuming it is possible, how does one accomplish this in the TT online? The problem I am having is that the program seems to be automatically populating line 12a1 "Current year foreign earned income excluded less related deductions" from  Page 3 of the "Foreign Tax Credit Computation" worksheet with the entire amount of my foreign income. I'm not sure if this is due to some sort of erroneous checked box on my part or if it is an issue with the system. I've gone through the module about 5 times now and cannot figure out how to get rid of it. Is there a way to indicate in the "Deductions & Credits/Foreign Taxes" section that no income was excluded? Although I did previously fill out form 2555, I have since updated my filing to indicate that I am not claiming the income exclusion and have deleted that form.Note: It seems that this would be incredibly straightforward if I could simply edit the forms directly, however it is my understanding that this is only possible in the desktop program and not TT online.Any help would be greatly appreciated. 
Do I have to file a tax return if I am still receiving insurance benefits through work.  If I have to get Obama care plan do I have to file. 
I click the link from my confirmation email and it takes me to the Taxes page, but 2015 wants me to restart my taxes.  There doesn't appear to be a "Some things you can do" section.  It says "Tell us about you" and has the comparisons for the different versions. 
I can see there is a file, but Turbo says it is ready to e-file (which I thought I had done).  I cannot open the file from Turbo or the back up file, so I have no access to this file.I did accidentally put in the wrong e-mail address but thought the file had already been sent so did not make that correctionI think I paid for the file but now I am not sure what actually happened. 
Recently separated and this is my year to file taxes and claim my kiddo.  Kiddo has a custodial account that grandparent started.  What is the form I need to use to file gains/losses? 
I get this error on payment submission: "shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14;" Anyone come across this and, if so, find a way? I doubt it but you never know... 
I have a Canadian RRSP managed by a financial institution, call it A. Within that RRSP account are various investments (mutual funds, stocks, etc.) which are managed by other financial institutions B, C, D etc. For form 8938, do I report the RRSP as a single investment, or do I have to report out on all the pieces? 
I make money from watching my cousin. He is disabled and his mother's job offers a certain amount of money to her that she may use to pay for needs for her son. She pays me with this money and she had let me know that I will need to report this on my taxes. However I am not given any tax reporting documents for this income, just a check. How do I report this on turbo tax? 
For example, if someone made $1300 from self-employment in 2013, but didnt report it for that year, is it possible for that person to report that income in 2016? 
My taxes were rejected because of the EIN. I used the Social security number from the family that pays me. Do I need a special form? The social security number was not the primary tax filer, it is a joint tax form and I used the spouses number. Whhat do I need to do? 
Federal facilities regardless of there locations belong to Federal gov not the state.  Laws are federal, police is federal.  What is I do not live in a state and only travel through to work in a federal facility.  Do I have to pay state taxes there?  I already pay state taxes in my state that I live in on that income. 
How long does it take to get Turbo tax fees taken from refund 
I got a letter which says that I owe taxes on 2014 returns. I recognize some of the taxes I missed, but not sure about the others. I need help to understand how to respond to it. 
I have purchased 2015 but not the online version 
Can anyone help 
I would like to see the work sheets on Turbo tax not the final print out. Is this possible? 
Where do I deduct medical expense and college tuition on TurboTax premier? 
I want to make sure Im getting the right program. 
My elderly mother made less than $4000. She lived with me all year. I paid for all her expenses. My father filed his return as married but filing separately and he showed his income was a negative number as he had sold shares at a loss. He was not dependent on me as he used the share sale to sustain himself. It appears I followed all the rules but I am surprised why my return was rejected using a filing status of head of household with my mom listed as my only dependent.. 
I received a Form 1099-G from the California Franchise Tax Board and Im not sure if I should file it. Its equal to the amount I received back from the state as a refund for 2014 taxes. I wouldnt have a tax refund had I not overpaid the state when I filed for my extension in 2014. 
I have 1099-MISC from NPO.My CPA told me that it should be reported as "Miscellaneous Income not subject to Social Security Taxes" 
Does this program accurately do taxes for ex-pats? 
Our retired CPA who did our taxes says the prior depreciation is $18,539 and that the current should be $1390.  TurboTax says the depreciation is $1491. 
I logged In with the same info as when I filed them. I chose the plan that would store my information to come back to at any time. My profile is wanting me to file my 2015 taxes when I already did so on your website. Already received my returns. Filing an application for a school loan. Need this asap. 
I filled it a few months ago but it doesn't appear in my tax timeline. I even have an order receipt number in my email. 
I removed a couple forms and I manually replaced them. For example I had numerous stock trades so I had to add my manual attachment to Fed Form 8949.  If the state scanned that code would they overlook manual changes to my return? 
My wife is British but has a social security number for taxes.  She is currently is not living in the US, and her green card has long expired.  Does she still need to file for US taxes? 
will turbo tax enter the 2015 loss carry over from the 2014 return to the 2015 tax return how is this done and will the carry over be automatically carried over into the 2016 tax return 
Can I deduct my biweekly Aflac payments? If so where do I do that 
Letter says we can appeal but are subject to 10% penalty and interest which is applied daily.  Appeal take 8-12 weeks.  Is it possible that IN did not receive electronic copies of these 1099-Rs? 
Also where do I report foreign tax data for form 1116? 
Father was the beneficiary of the policy when he passed the son received the cash value already paid tax in US does he have to claim it on his Canadian taxes he is a Canadian citizen 
How long do most people haft to wait. 
Is my return actually missing 
I can't not enter my business inform in a form 1065 turbo tax is just doing schedule c what do i need to do to file  form 1065 ? 
just bring up my2015 turbo tax filing 
I had health insurance all of 2015 under the Market place under my parents policy. I thought I would be dependent but must file independent because of my income. We did contact the market place to see if they can separate the amounts on the 1095-A for us but we were told they have no way of doing that. What should we do? I suppose I will need this for my return and my parents will need it for theirs. Any recommendations? 
it had to be fixed because of my insurance but its still been very long, please check and maybe you can find out the status on it, thank you gary buzzerio 
I have not signed up for this,  and the email states the following... An Internet Surveillance alert indicates that a piece of your monitored information has been exposed on the web. 
How do I add a second business 
I have a printed copy but when I go on your site it is not there 
So, when I filed my taxes I owed the state money, and I thought I had set up turbo tax to pay the state via my bank account, but it appears that I did not, or it didn't work. just wondering how can i check if I set up turbo tax to pay what I owe? 
They sent a letter, I called, sent the info from my mothers return they requested which they indicated would suffice/prove I had insurance; they are still processing months and months later.  What is the best number to reach them? Or department. 
I already received my refund so i know it was approved but I am not able to access my 1040ez which  i currently need 
How can I get my 1095-A and the a newly computed page 2 of my tax return with the original signatures, showing the transferred amount from Form 8962. 
I just started driving with Uber and I understand that I am now self employed and have to take care of my own taxes instead of having it taken out for me in my paycheck. Do I wait and pay my taxes once a year? Also, around how much would I owe? Is there any way I can just bring all my information in somewhere to a professional and have them help me out? 
If I reduce my taxable income by contributing to a 403(b), does the amount I contribute get added back into my income on Form 6251 "AMT" Line 27 "Other adjustments?"  Or anywhere else? 
e-mail  [remove email] 
I followed the steps here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-form-8962-on-my-2015-return 
I only filed in Ca because I am renting a house there. The only income I have is from the house rental and I lose money every year on it so my taxable Ca income is $0. The letter has a list of what their numbers are and they match what I filed except that they don't show me paying any taxes to them from what I can see, but my tax return did. 
I am trying to find my tax returns from 2015 and 2014 for my bank. What is the best way to do that? 
now with no fee 
I was able to generate the Federal 2014 amended return, but don't see how to generate the NYS return. How do I do it? 
I make money freelancing and writing punch-ups and sometimes full scenes for another screenwriter who has sold many scripts. I get a 1099 from her annually which I report on my return. I'm wondering if I could take a filmmaking class and write it off on my taxes? If so, would I only be eligible to write off writing classes, or could I take one in cinematography, directing, other filmmaking elements? Would I write these off as a business expense or on another part of my return? Thank you. 
I had to verify my identity so I did that on May 16th and I was finally able to order both transcripts last Fri I recieved them in the mail yesturday and I have codes 150,806,768,570 i also have the cycle code of 20162105 with the dates of April 24 and June 13th and I didn't get any letters to why I have a 570 code so does this mean that I should receive my refund by June 13th since that's the date and no other letters recieved and I already verified my identity please help and if anyone else is dealing or already did please let me know what happen thanks 
CP05 LETTER 
I filed using Turbo Tax in 2014 but I do not have a copy of my 2014 return. I need that in order to amend my 2014 return. I do not have the money on hand to pay for it now so can I use what I get back from the amended return to pay for the fees? If so, how? 
I went through all the steps to amend my return to get the Form 8962, but there is no option to print and even when I print all forms and worksheets, it is still not included. 
I filed my 2015 taxes on a different account but I really need to print my 2014 return.  I have no idea how to upgrade my account so that I can print my 2014 return without filing my 2015 return on the same account. Please help! 
My refund was deposited into a bank account that does NOT have my name on it. It was deposited February 12, 2016. Today is Sunday, June 5th, 2016 and i still havent received a paper check in the mail. Ive issued 2 tax refund tracks since then with no results. Ive called Turbotax Customer Service and they DID NOT HELP. Ive called wells fargo, the bank it was deposited into, and they say i dont have access to information regarding an account that doesnt have my name on it, even though they deposited a check with my name on it to that same account. What am i supposed to do? 
reason: "You incorrectly calculated your tax due when you subtracted Total Payments from Total Tax" 
I don't need to change our return and want to file it now but although I saved it at the time, I cannot open it now to enter the taxes paid and submit the return.  What do I do? 
I cannot access my federal tax return from 2014, but need to. Is there any way to do this? 
I'm literally entering my W-2 information now, but I need to file 2014 and 2015 taxes.  Which year's information am I inputting right now? 
it says my taxes are complete but its not showing my 1040 ez form. how do I find it on turbo tax? 
need it now thought this was free to get my information why cant i get this help need health insurance 
I was a resident of Germany for 6 years and paid tax when I moved to the US in September 2015 to work at the university under H1B visa. I was wondering if I am eligible to be exempted to pay tax according to tax treaty agreement. Thanks a lot! 
I need to amend my self-employment C-EZ form for 2012. I'm on a Mac 
I am living abroad and trying to include the overseas explanation statement saying that I am entitled to the automatic 2 month extension. When I go to File an Extension in TurboTax in Other Tax Situations, the only option I get is if I was in the military. There is no option for if you live outside the US. I tried using the Tools function and going directly to Form 4868 instead, but that just brought me right back to the same Easy Extension screen with no option for living abroad. Not sure if there is a glitch in the software because it also said I missed the deadline to file an extension because I lived in the US on April 18. I filed a Form 2555 for foreign income indicating I lived abroad so not sure why the system would think that. Thanks in advance. 
It does not appear on my tax timeline. I will need TurboTax to help me retrieve my 2014 return. Thank you 
I thought I had downloaded them to an USB but when I opened the USB all I had was 2013 and then 2015. 
and under the What you need to mail section, one line reads: Deadline:Postmarked by May 16,2016 for the Louisiana state tax and for the federal tax document the deadline states April 18, 2016. 
I filled in all the info correctly and I have ordinary income from Box 11 with code F.  After putting in that info and then checking my income summary it shows $0 under K-1s.  It doesnt appear to be creating a Schedule E.  It should and then the K-1 infor appear on line 17 of the 1040.  I have put this stuff in a hundred times trying to get TT to handle it.  Please get a CPA on your staff who can manipulate your program to get it to handle this correclty. Thanks 
One of my daughters needs to know if she can get a copy of last years return? 
I don't want ot pay for something I never needed and somehow it started to go through to it at the end of the Federal section. How do I get rid of the charge? 
My employer has me under a part-time "Independent Contractor" contract and therefore receive a 1099-MISC at the end of each year. 
my tax return is incomplete. why is there a charge, since efiling was never completed. 
I'm living in the US and want to transfer some money I already have in my home country.  The money was already there before I moved to US, so I think this cannot be considered as an income. Do I need to pay taxes for it? 
The womens clothing definitions are very confusing 
is there anything I need to be aware of as I fill this out? 
trying to submit 2013 federal tax return but dont know where to mail it to 
it's counted it as a 2015 gain. 
Since I have no residence, I have no living address or business address.  I work as an artist and do my work all over the world over the computer. I use a mail service in Oregon which receives my mail and scans it for me.  Therefore I have an Oregon address.  But I have an California Drivers License and am in California more than anywhere else.The tax forms ask for my business street address but I dont have one!  What should I put there? 
He is self-employed, I am an independent contractor, we are required by Obamacare to buy insurance from the marketplace.  Can we get a deduction? 
I have done the "fix it" 6 times I PAID YOU TO FILE NOW, DO IT!!!! OR GIVE BACK MY MONEY oraI will file fraud charges. 
I need to go back and print a copy of my 2014 federal tax return 
I no longer have access to the emails that were used and there fore can not use that PLUS thing.  HOW HARD IS TI TO GET A COPY FO THEM IF THEY ARE ON YOUR SYSTEM?? 
Do I need to file for state tax ? 
I followed your directions by clicking on taxes and then on to the next step and it says scroll down , well I could not scroll down. Now what? 
I cannot download State (MASS) forms to complete my 2015 taxes. Already filed for extension.  Your server refuses to respond! What is going on?? This is my 4th (fourth) communication about this problem since April.  Do I get a refund? Do I go elsewhere?  Please respond before I seek legal assistance.J. R. Lynch 
We have accumulated a carryover passive activity loss while owning two rental properties. Our income is over $150k and we are not real estate professionals so we kept rolling over the passive activity loss which is now around $150,000. We have disposed of our entire interest in the passive activity (the rentals), what happens to our carryover loss? It is pretty clear that the passive loss can now be fully deducted as described in Tax Topic 425 but the question is fully deducted against what? Only passive income such as the gain from the sale of the properties or against other income such as ordinary income? Thanks! 
I lived in NY last year, and was on managed medicaid. The NY State of Health people tell me there is no 1095-A for me (because it was medicaid). All they can give me is the 1095-B, which is of no help. Yet, turbotax won't let me e-file without information from a form that doesn't exist. What can I do? 
how do i find and print my taxes and not my whole tax form. 
It is not in my tax timeline. My tax timeline says "Joined Turbo Tax". In "My tax documents" it says I need to pay to see these documents. I need my 2015 return as soon as possible. 
I need a listing of my deductions for 2013 for tax purposes.  How do I get a copy that far back.Thank you 
The reason I want to do this is because I have a large overpayment of state taxes this year, and if I take the standard deduction, the refund I receive this year will not be counted as income next year (if I itemize, it will). Having a larger deduction is not advantageous on the federal return, but it is on the state return (this is due to the disparity in federal-versus-state capital gains taxation tables). The state is Oregon. I just need to know where in Turbo Tax to register the preference. 
it says i have to pay for it when i go to my docs? please let me know what steps to follow to get to where i can download my 2015 tax return. i am not sure if "my dos" is the correct place to look for it. I just need it downloaded to my lap top or at least to view it . 
Why are they taking my tax refund for 
If I receive 200K transferred from a foreign account to my US account, and immediately transfer it out to another US account. Is this transfer out subject to Gift Tax? 
I am itemizing my deductions, and in Texas we only have a sales tax. So if I can get both the $300 credit and an additional $800 sales tax deduction (for the large purchase) that would be very useful. 
To file for Original 2013 Tax Return Do I have to wait until next year in April when its time to file? Or Can I file anytime I want in the year. before 2017 deadline. 
I completed the EZ form for my daughters tax return. When I go to save it on my desktop and print it, the EZ form is not there, just the Intuit instructions for where I should mail the EZ form. Any ideas on why the tax form isn't included in the "download/print return"option? 
Last year, I was able to file a 1040A through Turbo Tax (Free Federal), even though I had amounts listed in box 6 of my 1099-DIV forms. This year, because of the box 6 amounts in my 1099-DIV forms (just a few dollars of foreign tax paid), Turbo Tax is making me file a 1040 form, which requires an upgrade.  I want to file a 1040A as I did last year, not a 1040.  How can I do so? Thanks! 
i filed it by mistake for 2015, then i had to have it amended and i purchased the 2014 version and filed that way but the state is saying they never received it 
I have followed 2 different sets of instructions and it is still not working. 
What part of assisted living expenses are deductible? 
How do I go about filing the extension? 
why didn't turbo tax tell me that I owed more money? I sent what yall told me to send . IRS said yall made mistake on my taxes I owed. 
It is needed to complete our home mortgage application 
Line 13 of Form 8889 is supposed to be the smaller of Line 2 or Line 12. My line 2 is smaller than line 12, but Line 13 keeps populating the larger number. Is this a Turbo Tax error or have I entered something wrong. I've gone thru it several times, but can't find the reason why it is doing this. 
I received a letter from my state saying I did not file state taxes for the years 2012 or 2013. I did everything on turbo tax and know I input all the state information. Now I'm just trying to figure out how to go back and redo them or see what I need to do. 
I did submit my name and indicate she'd passed away this year when I was processing her taxes through turbo tax 
received a letter from irs saying my wages was19741 and I show they were18358 I need to check that on my 2014 return 
Only the country is wrong. Everything else is correct. I don't know what happened but probably my checks are lost  somewhere. Because they were accepted and sent. 
how do i go back into the program to do it or what must I do. 
I have lived outside the US for the several years, but have a drivers license through Massachusetts.  I was able to not pay federal taxes because my income was low enough, but I cannot seem to figure out how to make this work for my state income.  From what I have read under the mass.gov website, because I do not live there, "Nonresidents are taxed on their Massachusetts gross income (derived from sources within Massachusetts)," and I am paid from a Germany company, I do not think I need to pay state taxes.  How can I go about fixing this problem? 
I am a resident of Utah, but will be moving to Nevada for school and my wife will be working there. How should I file taxes and are there any specific regulations I should be aware of. For instance, Utah has state income tax and Nevada does not. How would I file under this situation? Thanks! 
I need help to get my 2013 tax foams 
I filed my taxes with H7R Block last year. Since I know you have access to my tax history, can you get my tax return from them? 
I received an email about the fee I have to pay. It said my account will be charged on the 10th  There will not be any funds in the account that day to cover this fee. I won't have the funds until the 17th. Is there a way to change the date of the transaction? 
During Review-  i transfer credits to my wife and it states on the Family Tax Cut optimization screen that after transferring credits to my wifes return, the amount is increased. But my refund doesnt change - why is that? 
Import & Carry-forward 
i need to print a copy of my 2015 tax return [remove PI] 
\nJai seulement reu un relev 24.\nJai complt lcran reus de frais de gardedenfants avec le montant inscrit sur mon relev 24.\nJai complt lcran Relev 24 avec ce mme montant.\nPourquoi cet avertissement?  Me semble que jai tout rentr correctement.Merci. 
I received a notice from the Franchise Tax Board in California that I have an underpayment penalty for my 2015 LLC annual tax, but it shows that I paid the $800 LLC tax on time. My business did not make more than $250,000, so I dont owe any LCC fees. Why did I get an underpayment penalty? 
For about 7 years I had a rental property that had a loss each year. Once property values came back, I was able to sell the property for more than I bought it for. How do I use the previous losses to offset the gains from the sale? 
They said sometimes companies will change the bank routing number to their account so they can withdraw a fee. Do you guys do that? 
The TP-1029.LR does not accept the postal code H3W2E8 
I talked to IRS about a letter I received about my identity. How long till I get my refund. They said I passed and I am who my tax's say I am 
I used turbo tax to file this yr and I lost my w2 so I am trying to look at it on here 
Hello,I need help with my taxes. I am a US Citizen working and living abroad (in Germany) and I qualify for foreign income exclusion. I am working for a foreign company and therefore I do not have any W-2 forms. Unfortunately my review shows that I have an issue with my federal tax return since my form 1040 have a zero value for lines 22, 37, 44, 55, 63 and 74. How can I fix this? I already entered my foreign income and added the foreign income exclusion.Thanks and best regardsDennis 
I know I can read the pdf files, but I also want to be able to read tax data files. 
New constructed house needed to install pavement, grass and rain gutters any tax deduction for this? 
How can I get a copy of my 2013 tax return? 
This is a test for answer exchange. 
I checked the IRS website and they didn't have a status on my refund. Is this a very bad sign? 
Will it help or harm me 
Extension was approved, but can't locate it. 
Mon conjoint na pas produit de dclaration dimpt depuis plusieurs annes. 
I need to purchase Turbo Tax For Corporations and LLCs  for tax season 2015 
My wife and I own 2 rental properties outright, and 65% of a 3rd.  How do I enter these properties / Statements of Income and Expenses - separately? 
Every time I try to pay i receive the following message: "shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;" and the payment does not go through. I am using a Visa card issued by a US bank. 
I need my 1040ez from last year 
Please email me 
I have already filed Federal taxes. 
Unfortunately, I do not think it's saved on my computer (stupid of me) because I can't find it anywhere. I need to send in a copy of my return with my letter to the IRS pleading my case that they made a mistake. 
If I buy 2015 TurboTax Premier, PC Download, is that the same as your Online method? 
What process would I use to include premiums paid for foreign health care insurance, in addition to Medicare? 
I have a rental property that I changed from personal use to rental during the year... how do I manage that in Turbo Tax? 
Hello, all my income are outside U.S. and i also live outside U.S. Do I have to fill in W-2 with the same amount of my income? Or I would only put my income in the Foreign income section? Please let me knowThank you 
It's a 16 GB but it only has 2 GB available to use. 
My pension form for 2014 says T4 not T4A. Should I be filling in the T4 return portion or the T4A? 
I cant find my 2011 tax return. I need a copy. How can I print a copy? 
I am self-employed and attended a trade show in another city where I met with clients. I traveled there with another self-employed individual who I often work with. I paid for the airfare out of pocket, but was later paid back an equal amount by this other individual.Do I need to include the reimbursement amount in my income? If so, am I still able to claim the airfare as a travel expense?The person who paid me just treated the payment in the same way they would if I had been doing other contract work for them. Seeing as they are also self-employed, would that mean their payment to me would not technically qualify as a reimbursement anyway, at least in the legal sense?The first condition of reimbursements, as defined by the CRA, states that the reimbursement is paid to an  employee, partner or volunteer, and I am not any of these three things. I am simply a friend of the person, and they insisted that I should attend this trade show to the point that they paid me back for what I spent on the plane ticket.If that is the case then it seems like I would need to claim the amount as income, however I would still be able to write off the airfare amount as a travel expense so that Im not paying tax on the amount that was not part of my net income.Is that correct?Thanks. 
I am at the income summary page 
Past years TurboTax are corrupted. I cannot delete, repair, or install 2009 through present. Can I just delete the entire TurboTax file if it will delete and reinstall each year? Will I loose my tax files if I do this because this is what I am after. IRS has disallowed all returns and substituted their own so I need info to discuss with them. I have been ill and cannot find printed copies. Thanks. 
Sent a copy of my paystub to address supplied. Did find out they received it. Now all I can get from IRS at phone number supplied is a recording telling me they are experiencing a high volume of calls and try back on another work day. I work too. I cant call during my work hours(6am to 3:30pm, central). Frustrated. 
Does anyone else have this problem? 
Calculating NET income 
This doesn't show on my T4E. My income from EI in 2015 is half of what I'm reporting. How do I adjust this or can I? 
It was suggested to me that, after I re-prioritized my Roth IRA overage amount, I should notify TurboTax that this has been completed. Do I need to amend my tax return to reflect this and avoid any penalties? This task was completed before the April 15th filing deadline. 
can I claim services rendered by home care agency 
I am using Windows 8. I have successfully installed this software on my wifes laptop.product s/n ( ******* ) 
Does Turbo Tax offer phone support 
My tax accountant requires the .tax versions of my returns filed in 2014.  I know these were available in other versions of TurboTax/ Quick Tax in the past.  How do I get these files?  PDF versions are not ok - require the .tax files. 
I asked for my tax back in january. And I still didn't receive it. I was looking what could be wrong and the zip code was wrong. I'm living in Brazil now and I don't know what to do. 
We did not receive it in the mail. How can I download one. 
I purchased a cell phone during 2015 and paid a set monthly fee for it during 2015. Can I claim the cost of the device itself and the total monthly fees as an employment expense? 
I have completed my return but cant submit as I have already 8 completed returns. How can I transfer my completed return to a new TurboTax program? 
I am using Turbo tax for the first time.  When my accountant filled out my taxes last year he used a form entitled Calculating your Deduction for Refund of Unused RRSP, PRPP and SPP Contributions:. 
Where do I Present my foreign Earned Income Credit Exclusion, it is supposed to go in line 7 and in (parenthesis) in line 22 of form 1040. 
I filled everything out and need to print it out to send to the IRS but I can't find it anywhere 
I can claim 20% of my eligible expenses for workspace-in-the-home. I was eligible in 2014 but did not claim so would like to do that this year. There is a section for carry forward from prior year. What number do I put in there? The gross amount spent and TurboTax will apply the % that is indicated in the 2015 details? Or do I do the calculation and only put in the net amount eligible? 
I need a copy of my 2014 taxes and it won't let me access them without upgrading. It says I still need to do my 2015 taxes which are done through my husbands account. How do I get a copy of them? It wants to take the money from the upgrade out of my refund but it's already been given! 
It looks like my employer included my tuition reimbursement in my total income, where would I check to see this is included or deducted from my total income on my T4? 
I have yet to pay the $9500 in penalties ! 
achet en ligne mais ne fonctionne pas avec Mac 
I moved multiple times across the country. This was mandatory for my final year of schooling. Is there a way for me to claim these moving expenses? 
As an example, lets say that I have just sold a new set of tools for $400. If I had purchased this set of tools a year prior for $300, but did not claim that $300 as an expense on that years taxes, is there a way to claim the value of the items sold in the year of sale rather than having to claim a $400 profit on a transaction where you only really made a net profit of $100? If so, on what lines would I need to report the cost of goods sold and the total income for sold goods?Thank you. 
I need this ASAP 
For ExampleMy W2 says I make (box 1)100,000.  My social security wages says I made (2) 106,000 and (12d)  says I contributed 6000.I know for my foriegn income i supposed to enter the total 106,000 but where do I enter the 6000?Thanks 
[Removed personal info] 
This has to do with the Child-Rearing Provision. Service Canada sent me a letter stating my Mothers estate was owed $16,959.08 but there was an over payment of $15,838.80 therefore the estate was only due $1,120.28, On the T4A (P) the CRA sent me, line 20 reads $1,120.28 and line 14 reads $16, 959.08. Since Turbo Tax wont allow me to fill in line 20 with the taxable amount the final tally suggest the estate made over $20,000.00 when it just made a little over $4,000.00 requiring the estate to pay $343.00 in taxes. 
need this ASAP 
I filed last year using TurboTax 2014, but I lost the software.  I need to amend my 2014 return.  Can I do this with TurboTax 2015 or do I need to buy TurboTax 2014 again? 
I have entered every code that in any way relates to my business, but all are rejected as invalid.How do I Netfile? 
this box is highlighted but I can't input the info 
My 2015 tax return is already filed. Instructions aren't helping. What do i do? 
at one point I was using a Mac desktop, however it did not support windows. 
Is there a place to find the individual forms after filing? 
Jai acheter le CD chez un revendeur mais il ne peut se telecharger. 
I am logged in,  this is how I am in 
how do I begin to pay quarterly taxes? my income has increased this year 
I e-filed through the mobile app on my cellphone and I received confirmation of both federal and state taxes being accepted. I paid all fees that I owed and took care of all of that. When I went back into the app to see how much I was going to get refunded I couldn't see anything. If I go to turbotax.com it shows me that I haven't even done my 2015 taxes yet even though I already filed and paid the fees. I didn't even receive an option showing me if wanted to download the copy of my filing. I don't even know how much of a refund it was going to give me. I tried going to the IRS to figure out if I got a refund but I don't remember the exact filing amount. What can I do? 
Sur la page de saisie du formulaire T5008, a la case type de revenu, Dans quel cas doit-on indiquer Placements et dans quel cas on indique Gains en capital?Mon relev T5008 indique des activits sur des actions et des obligations 
I was given a notice by IRS for taxes owed on 2014 taxes.  The taxaudit folks from the audit turbotax audit insurance told me I had to pay the money owed to IRS plus make an amendment to my 2014 Hawaii State Taxes.  Please help me figure out how to do that using turbotax.  I was hoping the tax audit insurance would handle all of this but instead I need help doing the work my self in this case.  Thank you for any help or guidance. 
my tax return is not listed 
I need a copy of my return to fill out my FAFSA, and it says it's in process even though my Federal and State returns have been accepted and my refunds received. How do I get a copy of my return? 
is the T4A for CPP and OAP reported where Pensions are mentioned 
I got a notice from state of California to pay the tax. Can you please help me find the problem and solve this issue. Thank youRegards,Pradnya. 
please open my file 
It has amounts for CPP contribution, EI premium, Union due, RPP contribution. What do I do with all of this since he did not work in 2015? He also has a T4A, T4A (P) and T4RIF form. I am using Turbotax Standard. 
This withholding was listed by Turbotax. The IRS says I need proof of the payment like a canceled check. 
The CRA data was rounded down to the nearest dollar and I have data that is more accurate to dollars and cents.  Should I change/update CRAs data? or leave it alone and only add the missing data like cost base, # of shares, unit prices etc. 
Hello,Im writing in reference to a federal tax return rejection that I have tried to fix 4 times now using the automatic link on the TurboTax website.I keep receiving the same error message:  F1040A-510-If Form 1040A, Line 6a checkbox is checked, the Primary SSN in the Return must not be equal to a Dependent SSN on another tax return.The instructions I receive are:  This return has been rejected by the IRS because the primary taxpayer's Social Security Number (SSN) has been claimed as a dependent on someone else's return. Review the primary Taxpayer's SSN to ensure that it has been entered correctly. If the SSN is correct and you want to file electronically, the taxpayer's SSN cannot be used to claim an exemption on this return. You must go to Personal Info and then You & Your Family, and check the No box for "Can someone claim you as a dependent?" If you want to claim the exemption on this return you will have to print and file by mail.I double checked my personal information, social security number, and filing status on form 1040A Line 6a.  Everything is accurate.  I checked with my parents, the only 2 people who could have claimed me in the past, and neither have been claiming me as a dependent for several years now.  I was able to file federal tax in 2014 without any problems.  I am starting to wonder if my identity has been stolen and is being used fraudulently.I need help with this issue.  Is this just a matter of filing my return through the mail?  Can I get advice from TurboTax on a resolution to this issue?  If necessary I can upgrade to the 24/7 PLUS option.  Any help would be appreciated.Thanks,Raven Harris 
ERREUR : Vous navez pas entr vos cotisations \nverses au Rgime provincial dassurance parentale de la case 55 du feuillet T4.Impossible de forcer linscription de la case 55 du T4 dans la ligne 375. 
trying to access my account to input information to figure and create a second qtr 1040 es due to a taxable LT capital gains sale.  The information provided by the search feature sends me in circles.  I suspect the guidance is either incorrect or incomplete.  This should be a simple operation in TT. 
I know it's a T777 but where is that form ? 
what must i do now ? can i still use turbotax ? 
There's no way for me to download it. 
but then want money. YOU [Profanity Removed] Id like to add there are other sites that dont lie. 
someone contact me the whole thing of not being able to respond an email is annoying[edited phone ] 
My partner and I had a child in 2015. He claimed her as a dependent. Can I also claim her as a dependent? 
This is so unfair/crazy! I paid to use turbo tax my 5th year in a row. Turbo told me I owed 1218 and today I get an additional bill from the irs DUE in THREE weeks for more than an additional 1218, 1236.87!!!!!!! 
i filed my return with your website and it isn't under my records 
I think it got rejected because they had sent my husband a security code I did not use. 
Should everyone in Ontario have an amount in Provincial Tax Summary? 
I will pay for the service but don't want to file it just yet 
\n\nEndless loop program LOOP. 1. Select Start state return. 2. Message\ndisplays download latest update. 3. Message displays your software is up to\ndate.  The state return is never\nstarted.\n\n 
i was working as an architecture intern for two months from march to end of april 2015, and i was told that it would be self-employment since i did not receive any T4 slip. i dont know if that counts as professional, but I am still a student thought. the amount is very small: 800$ so should i claim at all. 
Hi. Look, this was my first year filing my taxes myself. My mother did it for me in past years. The thing is, I need to know what my gross and net income for previous jobs were, and I don't want to ask my mom for that. Is there a way we can look that stuff up using my social security number? I know she used turbo tax to file that stuff. 
After login, I cannot access my tax return in order to submit it to Revenue Canada. All I see is a rotating circle which will not allow me to continue any steps in my tax return.  All I have to do is send. Please advise.  Is the site not working? 
there seems to be an error in the software: I am asked to FIX my dependant info with regards to CCB benefits included as dependant income, and I am not clear on what the error is. The page brings up 3 dependants yet when I choose EDIT it continually mismatches info from dependants and then reverts back to the same FIX screen. As a result I am prevented from filing my tax return. This is an inacceptable software error! Please advise! 
I received a notice from the State of California Franchise Tax Board stating that my CA Income Tax Witholding amount has increased due to adjustment to my AGI on my W-2 and 1099-R.  However, this was not the case when we completed the tax forms online through turbotax.  Due to choosing married filing separately in the state of CA we need to include adjustments on the corresponding forms.  However, the calculation online generated a refund and not an amount due.  Why would the State of CA have a different calculation than what was generated by TurboTax when finalizing my return?  Which is correct?  Lastly, can my husband call as he is more familiar with tax terminology and can understand any amendments or actions that should be taken better than I can. Thanks! 
They are all over the age of 18 and not living with me and has been very expensive for me 
I wonder if this Turbo-tax basic edition allow to transfer tuition to a parent since the free edition apparently doesnt 
I need the detailed tax data for fafsa from my 2014 tax returns I filed like you can get for the 2015 tax returns. I understand I can download my tax returns but it doesn't properly break it up the way I need it. I'm divorced now but when we filed our 2014 taxes I was married and we filed together. When you click the tax data for 2015 it actually breaks it up the way I need to see it. Is there anyway possible to get this information? 
You are claiming the Ontario apprenticeship training or co-operative education tax credit. You need to complete both the number of eligible apprentices or work placements...FixFix button brings to a blank package and cannot make changers to fix the problem. There is a continue button that leads back to the error message. 
Hello, I am living in the Netherlands now (and lived there for the whole year of 2015) and filling taxes for Maryland where I lived before I moved to the Netherlands. As I understand I have to file MD taxes because I still have rental property in MD and have an income from it, also I keeping there my home US address (different for the rental property). TurboTax asks me if I am a resident of MD. Because I did not live for the last year in MD, I am not MD resident. But I cannot state that I was not resident of MD because than I cannot fill MD taxes with TurboTax. So my question is: how to fill MD tax returns if I am not a resident of MD and was not a resident of any other US state for 2015? 
I logged into my account and I'm trying to print off my pdf tax docs but its not letting me. 
It appears that that I need to enter the total amount in box 13 with code R and use the individual 401k option for the elective deferral. However; this is not an "individual 401k according to the IRS definition. Thanks. 
Normally I pay about $60,000 per year in tax.  I built a house and took money out of my IRA and owe an additional $80,000 in tax/penalties this year.  It took time to come up with the additional funds. 
I am a freelance Massage Therapist living in Lausanne Switzerland. I have not lived in the United States since 2008. I earned less than $100,800 in 2015. Why does turbotax say I owe taxes? 
I didn't expect a community blog answering my tax questions.  Is this the case with MAX Assist and Defend for which I paid good money for?  I don't want some hayseed responding to my questions! 
shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2;Not going through 
Your website is incredably frustrating to navigate. 
I will be a full time graduate student in New York, working (part-time) remotely for an organization in Virginia, but my permanent address is in New Jersey. What address do I use and how should I file my taxes? 
How is it that I've filed with TurboTax for 2015, yet my Tax records here default to my 2014 taxes? 
I have decided to not purchase audit defense. How do I remove it before proceeding with my purchase? 
where is my refund? 
turbo tax asks if you want to import your t info but doen't do anythingwhy? 
The amount of the fees is approx $12,500 and relates to whether I was entitled to be a member of the pension plan or not 
Last year (filing 2014 taxes), I purchased TurboTax Standard. At some point as reflected on the billing I received an Upgrade Loyalty Discount: Standard to Premier; $0.00 and Primary freedom return - Premier: FREE which was explained as: We (Intuit) offer free returns for lower income households and military and police personnel who are on active duty overseas. Bottom line, Order Total: $0.00.This year (filing 2015 taxes), I once again selected TurboTax  Standard and expected, given the lack of any Warning! or Change documentation, application of the Loyalty Discount and Primary freedom return. I genuinely feel that I was misled by Intuits failure to clearly disclose the change (addition of TurboTax Free product option and apparent cancellation of the Primary freedom return policy) . Had the changes and resulting certainty of being charged $19.99 plus tax been plainly and simply disclosed, I would have considered my other options to file my 2015 tax return. 
This is the first time I actually file for taxes and it is confusing. How do I amend/add "medical expenses"? Do I only need to submit form b-1095? or should I check all my bills and calculate how much I spent? 
Will not allow me to download .tax filewill not allow me to view past returns onlineThere are move instructions on how to purchase new version than to access what you've already paid forThis is really messed up, your go-to fix is to contact the IRS?  That's really messed up 
The money has been wired from my overseas employer to the escrow account.  It is a loan from my foreign employer (below market).   My real estate agent says if I use the money for the purchase through an LLC  (that is, take the title in the LLCs name), it will be shielded by taxes, since it will be counted as capitalization of the LLC.  I cant seem to find anything definitive in the tax code or online, and have read some information to the contrary (that it will be considered income in any case, whether through the LLC or if I take the property title under my name), and therefore taxed at a high rate.   I do understand the implications of taking it in my name-- that it counts as income and therefore is taxed as income.  Does anyone know about the tax implications of using this money to capitalize the LLC?Since its a loan, is there any way to ensure its documented as such?  Can I do that as a person, or better through the LLC?\n\nMore info on the LLC:  it would be a sole proprietorship made for conducting real estate activities.    \n\n\n 
I simply need to get the form for ez.  I will pay the moopney for the software but I cannot seem to get 2014 (today's date June 7, 2015) 
If 1040EZ inadequate how do I transfer onto 1040A and print the form 8962 form and 1040A page 2 that IRS requires?  TurboTax did not indicate I was filing wrong form! 
I paid for the taxes please call me [removed] 
cant seem to download and print my return 
I was charged $54.99 to file my federal taxes (6/6/2016) when I have already filed using Turbo Tax beginning of the year.  This fee was added to my "invoice" of filing my state taxes (6/6/2016).  I should have only been charged to file the State taxes.  Due to Turbo Tax re-filing my federal taxes, this caused my State to be rejected.  Please contact me ASAP for the fees you charged for federal filing, as this should NOT have occurred and to resolve the State Tax problem. 
need an answer asap 
I need help getting my return filed, its being rejected due to I assume my ex wife claiming our daughter, We alternate every year on claiming her and this years return is my year to claim her, any help would be much appreciated.. 
How do I enter 1099 information for subcontractors that I've already paid if I've already been through the business section of the interview. 
We just received a letter from the Georgia DOR stating that we owe taxes from 2010 with interest.  This is the first time we have received anything.  Can they go back six years even though they have accepted our return? 
My 1040EZ showed big Fed & State refunds.  IRS requested 8962, so went back in and amended but it provided a 8965.  Now it shows both my refunds as $Zero!  I've since learned there are different instructions to get a 8962.  Can I ignore what I already amended and start again and get my original tax refunds, not Zero? 
Why wont my Visa card be accepted when trying to pay 
Hello, TurboTax is recommending that I claim my medical expenses under her income which is less than mine, but when I do I get an Audit Risk Alert! on the Audit Defence page.\nMedical expenses exceed 5% of your annual income or are $5000 or more. Note: Medical expense amounts are located in box 85, Employee-paid premiums for private health plan, of your T4; box 135, Recipient-paid premiums for private health services plans, of your T4A; or in receipts that youve entered. \n\nIn our experience this is a red flag that may put your tax return at an increased risk of scrutiny by the CRA. Red flags could result in anything from a simple request for additional documentation, an in-depth review, or a full audit. We suggest you use the navigation tabs at the top of the screen to return to the appropriate section of the TurboTax interview to review this information and make changes if appropriate.\nWhen I move the medical expenses to my return, we dont get this error, but then we also get around $100 less in our return.Is this just a false-positive and ignore the warning, or should I head it and move it to mine? Or should can I split the expenses between the two returns? I didnt see how to do that, it looks like only one or the other.Cheers and thanks! 
How do I find my tax documents from my 2014 return? I need a copy of the 1040 that was filed. 
form 2555  We earn all income as foreign earned income. We do NOT wish to exclude it.  Here is our error message, which I cannot fix no matter what I enter:Form 2555-T: Total Foreign Earned Income has a value for foreign earned income but dates for the foreign earned income exclusion aren't entered. Form 2555 must be completed including dates for bona fide residence or physical presence for the foreign earned income exclusion to calculate. To complete Form 2555, or to remove indicators that foreign earned income qualifies for exclusion on Form 2555 either on a W-2 or as Other Income on your return, return to Interview and search for 'foreign income'.Turbotax charged me for "filing" my taxes then refused to let me file. 
Trying to clear up the charges on my credit report that I've been fighting for three years now. How do I find this info? 
I did not materially participate in the business but was on the Board of Directors if they needed my technical expertise. I may have provided this a few times but did not materially participate in the business. I am looking for some IRS document to show that I can show my income as passive so I can use my passive losses towards this. 
Est ce que jai besoin dun code pour soumettre en ligne? Est ce quil y a un code pour Quebec et/ou Canada qui a t envoy par la poste? Jai rien reu. 
Dans lannexe J, un montant est prsent dans la section B (service dentretien), la suite se calcul bien, mais  la ligne 90 de lannexe le montant est  zro au lieu du rsultat. Il y a peut-tre une combinaison de valeur (question oui/non) qui affecte le rsultat de lannexe, difficile  dire.Cette erreur amne un montant  payer de 400$ de plus. 
none of the advise given has worked 
I need to delete income earned in 2 places and correct an amount in investment income 
We live in Switzerland and each time I go through the steps for the Child and Dependent Care Credit, TurboTax says I do not qualify due to no Earned Income.  Our employers are foreign (i.e., not US) so they do not issue us W2s.  Whats the deal?!?!? 
its first first time filing. Im filing for both 2014 and 2015 but Ive moved in the last year and have different address on my t4 and wondering what address i should put 
Want to get a benefit for depreciation for years past to help ease depreciation recapture tax this year. 
Our extension is due June 15, but we (apparently) don't have enough time to mail a hard copy. We won't be back in the US until the end of July. (Also, we have the basic paid level of TurboTax.) 
Income tax deducted is different on federal and on provincial... which do I use? ...do I add the 2? 
Error message: \tJulie: You have chosen to stop contributing to the Canada Pension Plan on your self-employment earnings; but have not made an election on your employment earnings during the year. You must have made an election on your employment earnings at some point in the year to be able to elect to stop contributing to CPP on your self-employment earnings. 
I live in VA and file my personal income with VA. I also have a business with two offices/same EIN, one in VA and one in DE (both are LLCs). This is my first year with this setup. My business is strictly business consulting (I basically needed the DE LLC to look good to potential clients), and I dont have inventory or buy/sell goods. All of my money earned is for services offered. Do I have to pick one of the states as my primary business location for tax purposes (and just file with that one) or do I file with both? I just want to make sure I follow the right protocols, but also dont want to be double taxed. 
I am not able to figure out how I should enter the foreign tax paid for foreign interest income, capital gains etc. As a result, my tax due is a lot higher 
My company changed systems in November 2015, so sent us two T4s for the year.  The first has all the deductions claimed for EI and CPP as they are paid up in the early fall.  I am entering the 2nd T$ for the last of the year and on the T4 the EI and CPP columns are both 0 as the were claimed on the first T4.  When I enter this, your system is changing them to the full amount of the T4 but they are supposed to be 0.  Can you help? 
Hi.  I (US citizen) live abroad (Israel )full time and work abroad for foreign company.  My wife is not American and my 3 kids are Americans, they have citizenship.  I filed last year as "Head of household", a 1040, child credit form and an 1116. I want to use TurboTax and have a copy of my 2014 return.  How do I do this with Turbotax? 
From TurboTax website below:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Investments-and-Taxes/Employee-Stock-Purchase-Plans/INF12047.htmlMy understanding is that I have to report  the lesser of the following:- Gross sales price minus actual discounted price paid for shares. My case was $2400; OR- The per-share company discount times the number of shares. My case was $1676However, my W2 reported Ive income of $2246.My question is, which number should I report on Line 7, of Form 1040? Do I still need to report the W2 income I received if I am using $1676 as ESPP Ordinary Income? 
Payment Codes*** 
The over 55 homes ask for copies of last years tax to see if you income is not to much 
Also, received a 1095-A and 1095-C for the same month, should I submit that? 
Can we use TurboTax declaring her business losses? 
I moved to the US in August.  Does that still qualify me for Earned Income Credit? 
Help 
I have entered an amount from 20 of my T4RSP and CRA has advised me to enter an offsetting entry to line 232. How do I do this on line? 
It is still there.  She does not receive any other pension.  There are no other slips and none have been entered twice that I can see. 
I am trying to set up a payment wire form, and the form is asking for a Taxpayer name control. 
est under payment  penality for $52.52. 
Having trouble filing. Dont understand what I am doing. 
Looking for advice on ditching the abusive 400$ per-return charging CPA that tells you things like get your fing [Profanity Removed] together, and literally Im your daddy.   Not sure exactly what he does aside from including various expenses and such (although I dont always have an itemized list) ...  Looking for suggestions on maximizing my return on my own through Turbo Tax -  What are some general tips or deductions that I can apply as a standard W2 employee but also running uber business and bought a car (I can deduct this if I did it towards the end of the year ya?) Are there some good common credits I could utilize, deductions, etc? ..  If I have copies of returns from prior years I suppose I should be able to pinpoint these things yes? 
Only focussed on Add/Remove premiums..not really focussed on what is no change/remove and validity...'June end timelines'Focussed on only price validity'Not focussed on My Plan page for June end release'XHS device addons'repackaging needs to be addressed asap to help support!'show tier pricing upfront in USC////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////step_dsc_den - DSC table 44////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////When I did my taxes earlier in April, I have signed up for easy pay installment options with IRS and I have paid my first installment in time using 1040 ES payment voucher. However, I received a notice from IRS that I have missed the deadline to pay using Form 9465? This form has been suly filled and accepted by IRS in April but I chose tax vouchers to pay my installments instead of 9465. I am confused on which form to use for paying my 2015 federal taxes? 
I did the same way in 2014, but this year it is prompting for further payments. Is there a change in payment? 
I am on H1 visa in US since 2012. i filed my ITR through local consultant. To file FBAR, do I need to mention any of the following:1. My ppf account2. My wifes saving bank accountAlso, I got minimal interest in my bank accounts <15000 in previous years. So should I file income tax return amendment? If yes then what is the process for same?Please suggest. 
Revenu de location: dduction pour amortissement de l'immeuble pour acquisition dans la premire anne, catgorie 1 taux 4%. Le logiciel calcule l'amortissement  demi taux pour le fdral mais ne le fait pas pour le provincial. Pourquoi? Actuellement, il y a un revenu net de location du montant de 1831,64$ au provincial, mais le logiciel refuse le montant de DPA qui mettrait ce montant  0. Voir la capture d'cran spcifiquement. 
the software wouldn't allow me to claim child fitness credit 
i paied my husband's balance owing, but when i got to my, it did not let me go through setting up a Plastq account and pay by my onw card, and i did not fell the payment was done. how do i kown if i have paid my owing or not 
I inadvertently downloaded the program and registered as myself but the program was bought by the company I am volunteering in and will be expensed by the company for tax purposes. So how can I change the registration information? I will be at home Monday to receive your email or your call. 
I have entered $1000 for child fitness expense.  I understand the this is a refundable tax credit for 2015 and it is showing N/A in the non-refundable tax credit section accordingly.  However, it is showing zero also in the tax credit section near the end of the return. 
I need to print them off and I cannot find it 
Where do I find my 2014 and 2015 tax returns ? 
When I did my tax return I claimed unemployment and stated I did not pay taxes at the time. It was suppose to be taken out of my refund. I am receiving letters stating they have not received it and that I am delinquent. How can someone look at my 2015 return to see that this was taken care of?Thanks 
I have two mobile homes that I have rented out, I pay pad rent on both, How do I claim the pad rent 
I am currently charging rent to a tenant who is paying $800 ABOVE Fair Market Value. Is that legal? If no, why? 
I've never had this problem before. 
i want to get  accurate details of our tax return,if the net income is too low then the total amount will be wrong.Why did turbo tax put my wifes income so low? 
What code is used for the United States when reporting? 
I filed 2014 with my ex husband under turbo tax.  He has all the information, how do i get it ?  Thank you 
Also, box 26 of the T3 is for other income. What does it mean for having another box 26 for other income - interest? Do I enter the same number twice or is this different? 
I am being asked to provide a copy of my federal Form 2441 to the Oregon Department of Revenue before my Oregon income tax return can be processed. When I printed a copy of my return, I do not see a copy of this form included. Where do I find this information? 
I'd like to do both my taxes and my mothers (My dependent) and claim what I can, but I began my filing first. I'd like to do this properly, but neither of us are sure of what to do and in what order. Do I need to go through and do her taxes, and if so, what information and fields do I need to enter to make it possible? 
I already have a account with turbo tax and my son n law asked me if I could do his on my turbo tax can I and if so how? 
I indicated that I had foreign earnings but that I do not want to claim the foreign earned income exclusion.  Could this be why I am having this problem? 
Other answers to this question (https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/questions/855242-do-i-need-to-declare-my-spouse-s-income-if-the...) and (https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/questions/849631) say to enter my spouses SIN as 000-000-000 and put them as a non-resident. I cannot find where to enter their residency status. The spousal credit is showing up on line 303. 
In my 2014 return filed with you, i have selected an option for deducting the filing fee from my refund. However, i paid it separately as my refund got delayed sever months. When i contacted the IRS office, they said TurboTax might have changed the banking information and that may be the reason my refund is getting delayed. Can you confirm my banking details are as per my income tax filing and revert back if its changes for any reason. 
The application was approved. 
I already have paid taxes and filed the return in US (California) for the above period. However, now I need to file the Income Tax return in India for 2015-16. As I have paid more than 35% of my income in US, am I eligible to tax benefits in India. 
Now, in the Intro section, the program has created 8 spots for dependents who don't exist. It is asking for their birth dates and won't let me proceed. The won't 'remove' by using the remove button. 
Should I file in Canada first because we live in Canada?  After I file in Canada should I file in the US?  How will I know when to enter world income for the tax treaty?I also have 2 dependents who are dual citizens. 
Jutilise la version en ligne.Ce nest pas un revenu mais un remboursement complet de mes prestations lAE maladie que jai fait en 2015 aprs avoir reu le montant de mes assurances.Dans la section (Autres dductions),  quel question dois-je inscrire le montant pour le remboursement dAE qui est inscrit sur le relev T4E(Q).Aucune des questions poss ne sert  insrer ce montant. Je veux rclamer limpt pay en trop.Cest ce montant (remboursement complet) que je veux rclamer et qui est inscrit sur le T4E(Q). 
We sent the IRS the amount owed for 2015 and they cashed the check but now sent a notice indicating they did not receive the check.  I have a copy of the cancelled check but their notification letter provides no guidance as to how to correct their error.  How can this be corrected? 
I converted a property from a primary residence to a rental in August 2012.  We are now selling the property.  I have been using TT since then, and just went back and looked at the depreciation worksheets and noticed form 4562 has Bus Use % at 38% for every year since (but was rented 100% since Aug 2012).  It looks like TT based the depreciation on 38% of the value of the property.   Am I missing something or is this a mistake? 
How do I contact Turbotax if living overseas? I can't give them an overseas number to call me back on! 
all computers i try to go on and access the PLUS version do not give me the orange take me to my refund option or the upgrade option. So i am lost on how to do this and very frustrated 
I have dozens of donations to enter - all the former complete stats are in 2012 worksheets.  Help me, please[Removed PII] 
I had an accountant do my personal taxes. He did not include my 1095-A form in the calculations so now I got a letter from the IRS to fill out a 8962 form, submit a 1095-A form and an amended 2nd page of my 1040 tax return with our original signatures. Can I do this in Turbotax if I did not use it to fill out my original taxes? I do believe the explanation of the 8962 form will be quite simpler if I could do it inTurbotax. The issue I have is thisOn my 1095-A form I have myself and two kids, one was 18 and the other 21 when my 2015 taxes were done. When I did my taxes I claimed my 18 year old on my taxes and my 21 year old claimed himself and used Turboxtax to do his taxes. On my Healthcare.gov insurance I have both kids and myself listed on my 1095-A. How does my oldest childs salary figure into the 8962 Form? Does his AGI go on line 2b? If so, that puts Line 3 at $100,392 which is well over the 4 x the Poverty rate of $19,790 for NC. That being said I skip lines 7, 8, 9 and 10 and go straight to line 11. That brings me to my original question. My total for 11 (a) is $13,511.64 and 11(b) is $12,379.48. 11 (c) is $.0.11 (d) would be $12,379.48 I assume. 11 (e) is where I have my confusion. It asks for the smaller number of (a) or (d). Is that subtracting 11 (d) from 11 (a) or is that the actual smaller number of $12,379.48? 11 (f) comes out to be $5351.92 which is my advance payment of premium tax credit. What 11 (d) is supposed to be makes a huge difference in what I pay back to the IRS. Its the difference of paying back $4,219.76 or $7,027.56. I dont understand how the latter could be right when that amount is more than the 11 (c) (advance payment of premium tax credit. My accountant cant help me with this because I fired him for other in-competencies. Just need some guidance on whether I can use Turbotax for this or not and an explanation of how the 8962 form should be filled out. 
i just want to know if you will mail it to my address or send it to my direct depositbecause i already change my bank account and i think i owe turbotax 111$ 
the trailer is my summer home and I return to my daughters home for 6 months during the winter 
My employer permanently relocated me to California from Virginia. I am subletting temporary housing while shopping for a long-term solution. I want to update my tax records and CA specific tax forms to not have to continue paying VA taxes. What should I do? What address should I use? 
I recently received a notice from the IRS saying my 2014 tax return was incorrect and I owe money. I believe there is a mistake, and unfortunately, I cannot find a saved version of my tax return. Is there any way I can gain access to it? 
I see it's now over $100 bucks to 'upgrade' to entering my Schedule C -- isn't there any way to enter mileage otherwise??Thanks for any help! 
Can't by[ass the Film property screen 
i have tried to print it  i have already paid for it and it still wants me to start a new one i need it for gov docs 
wanting to claim disability tax credit 
Comment modifier des declaration dj envoyes 
i have california return and iowa 
yes they said they don't want an electronic filing receipt what is that 
tat des loyers de biens immeubles Le total de la quote-part doit tre \ngal  100 % si vous aviez une socit de personnes ou que vous tiez \ncopropritaire avec votre bien commercial et de locationDepuis plusieurs annes que jutilise la mme chose de la mme faon et pas de problme. Cette la rvision me donne ce rejet svre  qui mempche de transmettre mon rapport50 % pour moi et 50 % pour ma conjointe sur un rapport dimpt conjoint 
Ma dclaration est dj envoy 
Error message when filing to Revenue Quebec--SIN# of child care provider required? Its from CPE and primary school,  so no SIN#, I tried with their NEQ # and license #, still not working..??And also, I added my parents as dependants, as they are not permenent residents yet, so no SIN#. how to fix this error?? 
original beneficiary passed away in 2015.  2014 1041 filed within 4 mos of original beneficiary's passing 
Every single time I try to call I am asked to put my language, which I do and then it hangs up ... this only seems to happen on the English option but I do not speak enough french to understand how to talk to a person. 
i rolled over my 401k couple of months back, i send the check to new company with 10 days of closing my 401k, so can borrow money out of my new ira for 30 days, will i be restricted with that one time per year withdrawal restriction? 
any help appreciated.....don't have emails from that long ago... 
Hi I am under age 50 and am employed by an employer with a 401(k) plan and I also work as an independent contractor for an unrelated business.I have a solo 401(k) plan for my independent contracting business. I contributed the maximum amount to my employers 401(k) plan for 2015, $18,000.Assuming my independent contracting business only have net income 7000.When I use TurboTax for "Self-Employed Retirement Deduction", do I have to key in the 18,000 contribution to my employer's 401K?If yes which is what I did, TurboTax said I have excess contribution to my "self-employment" plan.Do I have to key in the 18,000 contribution to my employer's 401K?If not, isn't it true that I can only contribute up to the max 18,000 401k contribution for 2015?I know that I can have "employer nonelective" contribution for my Solo 401K.So the question is that Is my Solo 401K's max allowable contribution affected by my $18000 contribution to my employer's 401K? 
what do I do to correct this? 
I have a total of 3 siblings all under 19. I live with my mom who makes 4k+ yearly and claims all my siblings on her refund. I pay all bills including electric, water, property, phones etc.It seems all of my siblings meet the first four points of a "Qualifying Child": https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2900097-what-is-a-qualifying-person-for-head-of-householdThe second set of points disqualify relatives if they are already claimed, so I was wondering if this also applies to the first 4 points for qualifying child? 
The amount as taxable income is significantly higher in the federal tax return than in the state tax return. It looks that some of the income hasn't been used in nj state tax return. Why is that? 
If Turbo Tax only did half the promised work, I should only pay half of the fees. I paid extra for all the services you offered to make sure my taxes were done correctly. Its almost 2 mos. since I filed. Where is my refund? when does turbo tax start looking into my refund being late? 
I have receipts from TurboTax where I purchased the premium package for both Federal and State. Help! 
I am trying to enter in my vehicle mileage used for business but the system will not give me option to claim the mileage, it only calculates actual expenses.  Vehicle is a lease, and I claimed mileage last year. 
WHAT IS A 5498? 
I don't know what this fee of 34.99 is for 
I need to see my full 2015 tax return but my account doesn't show that I filed with TurboTax. I know that I did. I have the emails to prove it, but I can't see my last two years worth of tax returns. 
I filed them with Turbo tax and when I sign into my account they are not there 
Hi there, I haven't received my refund yet and I worked in multiple states last year. I set it up so that Turbo Tax would automatically pay California the money that I owed them in income tax but they sent me a letter saying it hadn't been paid yet. any idea what's going on? 
I know i did owe state taxes for 2015, but I cant remember if I sent in the payment and have not received a bill from the state. 
I cannot find it anywhere.  Why is Turbo Tax making it so hard for us to find and claim this fee?  All I have is my order number EFE##########.  Turbo tax should make it more readily available for us to find.  Not a reference number and we have to call someone. 
Amended return, printed, and mailed by 4/3/16. Recieved federal & state (before amending) Feb 16. Confused as to why it's not showing on website? Calling IRS doesn't get me anywhere. 
How do I receive a card? 
I have 3 W2's. One for myself and two from my spouse job. One W2 from spouse employer is missing state id as they did not have it first half of the year. The 2nd w2 of my spouse is self prepared on IRS form. The last date to pay remaining amount of tax owed as per CA state is 06/15. What should i do? should i pay the remaining amount or contest as per what is reported on w2's. Also is it possible to get date extension? 
Pour les autres dclarations, le logiciel accepte douvrir mais pas pour cette dclaration en particulier alors que jai dj termin de la produire et quil me reste qu la transmettre  Revenu Qubec. 
I have received an invalid industry code error on my return, but I have used the industry codes that were provided in the link, what do I do next 
IRS sent me a letter requesting documents 1095-A and to complete Form 8962. How would I add this information to filed my tax return? In addition, this letter was received in May 11, 2016 with 20 day grace period for reply. I was out of town and saw this letter when I came home at the end of May. How should I deal with this notice? 
Yep, thats pretty much my question. Thanks! 
I need to see the damn thing.  IRS is fining me $51,745.59.  I have no idea why  I want to see the damn online return now!  What are you people going to do to help about it? 
My husband is the only one working. He filed as the head of household. We did not file jointly. 
I am a drummer who has to buy new drums and equipment all year round. I would like to know if I can claim these purchases as a business expense or a write off and get some return. 
got this error messageshippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; 
Where is the Federal Taxes Tab?? I have gone through this a dozen times and can't see how to do that. It says "don't hit Continue but that's all it looks like there is to do! I don't want to amend my return just want to add the healthcare deduction doc. 
I have a charity that Ive used for years and it changed their name and address.  How can I update ItsDeductible to show those changes? 
Our returns are in both names, but when I try to access the 2011 return, it doesn't come up. 
Asking just to better help my guests keep an accurate amout of money for taxes 
on the page to initiate the net file process, it requests your email address.  it continues to give me an error warning....invalid email address.  It is, of course not invalid-but I cannot get past the prompt, even with a different address. 
All my information is the same. 
I am filing out my student loan information and I need a copy of my taxes 
The pest control misting system will be attached to my residence, is a solar electric property expenditure which uses solar energy to generate electricity and is used in a qualifying dwelling unit. It is powered by a battery that is constantly charged by a solar panel. Wouldn't this qualify as a solar electric property expenditure for property which uses solar energy to generate electricity for use in a qualifying dwelling unit. Does this qualify for the energy tax credit? 
Im on a 1 year W2 contract away from my tax home.  I have an apartment rental, and use my personal vehicle to drive from this apartment to the job site. 
I tried to file my taxes a couple months ago and i was missing my 1095A and I need to know if its still possible to get my tax return from my already uploaded info or if I need ti file all over again? 
I need this for the T1135 form. 
Did Turbotax not keep a copy of my amended return which you processed on April 18? 
I filed a dual status tax return 1040 and 1040NR. The refund for 1040 form was credited to the account but the refund from 1040NR has not been credited. Also, the refund amount from 1040 has discrepancy by about 10 bucks or so in my favor.Does this mean that the refund was incorrectly processed and that the 1040NR refund piece has been completely ignored?How do I rectify this? 
I need to send the above documents by June 17, 2016 
When I check the PA State, I said still reviewing as of 3-29?? 
Our former principal residence is on the market but hasnt sold. Were moving into a new primary residence and have mortgages on both. I know I can deduct interest on a qualified second home but saw reference in IRS Pub 936 about a second home being [held] out for sale at any time during the year.My question is, if my previous primary residence is on the market and were holding it only because we cant find a buyer, is the mortgage interest deductible? 
I filed a total of $3,312 but I need to know how I got to that number but cant remember my responses to certain questions. I looked over the questions using the Amend software but it doesnt pull up what I already filed/ answered with. 
Not sure where to find the EIN, nor am I clear on the sections about  the sections requiring me to fill in earned income, etc 
I never received my federal tax money. How long do I have to wait still? 
I have filed by mail by federal tax to get my itin number and now need to file only my california tax. How do I do that? 
I have tried all of the trouble shooting suggestions and nothing is working. 
My income is much higher, but TurboTax puts the UCCB on my income. It is making a mistake and other questions in this forum also say the same thing. How do I ensure the UCCB goes on my wife's income -- which is much lower even after all deductions. 
I can't find any way to actually see my exact income and I need to know so I can sell my car 
I would like to download and print 2014 and send in.  How can i purchase the  2014 program? 
it was either 2013 or 2014 
I need a copy of my W-2.  How do I receive it? 
Just started working for myself in 2016. Any forms that I can use? 
en mettant tat civil mari, impossible dentrer montant pour personnevivant seule. 
Quebec Taxes Schedule J Tax Credit for Home support Services for Seniors. Line 458  Turbo Tax entry? 
from my account. Not sure when this federal issue will be resolved. I want to make sure when I do receive my return Turbo Tax will not take it out twice. 
Try to understand the scenario and answer the question OK if a employee is in Virginia and his company is in California from which state will he claim the (FUTA) Unemployment tax? To which state the employer will pay the taxes? 
How can I edit my bank account number?  I already filed 
I loaned over 200K to a Corporation that was not mine. They made the first couple of agreed payments but then they disappeared with the rest of the money. How do I report in my personal taxes that money I lent, the interest I made, and the money I lost?? 
why does turbotax at the end, not recongnize that I am a resident of Quebec? All of my paychecks are addressed to Quebec as well as my last notice of assessment. Because of this error, I cannot file my return.NetFile Qubec Qualifiers          You do not qualify for NetFile Qubec for the following reasons:        1.  You are not currently a resident of Qubec or were not resident of Qubec on December 31. 
I work for a cosmestic company 'Aloette' and I am considered an independent consultant. 
We recently sold our primary residence and purchased another.  I assume that some of these expenses will be deductible.  We also donated furniture to charity. We are considering opening a new IRA and maxing out our 401Ks. Lastly, do I need to pay estimated taxes on the capital gain? 
I am not my spouse's dependant as I had income but under "2015 Income" it says None. I had to answer "no" to did you work in 2015. Even if I say "yes" to working in 2015 none of the items listed underneath apply. What should I do? 
My husband paid for his return but did not file, as the program stated that changes could still be made after paying.  Now, when we want to file together, the program is asking us to pay again.  How do we put what he has already paid towards the fee? 
I took a loan against my 401k last year.  I have the money to pay almost all of it back and I just separated from my employer last week.  It's my understanding that, if I pay all of it back except $2000, that $2000 will count toward my income and I'll be subject to pay an early withdrawal fee of $200 on the $2000 that hasn't been paid back.  Is that correct?  Is there anything else that I would have to pay?  Any other taxes or hidden fees? 
I was not employed but helped out a company and had a 1099 for 2014 but I am not self employed. I need to file it and that is the only thing I had for 2014 was this one 1099, I got sick and actually didn't file it just got a notice from IRS so I need to know how to file a 1099  return 
It is fine to debit my acct if it cannot be stopped but I want to avoid a duplicate payment from my refund when processed. 
My partner and I finally started generating some cash flow thru our business enough to want to start paying ourselves wages. However, business isnt quite good enough to pay what would be considered reasonable wages within our industry for the level of responsibility and duties we each perform.Is paying ourselves way less ok in the mean time? That is, can we pay what we can afford instead of what is deemed industry reasonable?We certainly dont plan to take any above and beyond profit/dividend distributions until such a time when we are generating enough business to warrant paying ourselves reasonable salaries first. 
I talked to an IRS representative over the phone, and they suspect that the e-file my preparer sent was rejected - but if thats the case, why was I still able to receive my state refund? Moreover, what should my next course of action be? 
Please let me know how I can get my refund into my account. I recieved my State taxes but did not receive my federal yet. 
I was in usa last year with j1 visa. My was was with me as j2. I have ssn but she doesnt have ssn or tax id number. 
Why is turbotax charging me! 
My 1120s return is showing a refund of $16,367, which is the same amount of estimated taxes that I made on my personal taxes.  Is this correct? I dont actually remember entering those figures in the 1120s.  I did enter it in my personal 1040 but since have removed it because I dont want to duplicate it.  How do you remove estimated tax payments from 1120s if I dont recall entering them?  Or do I need to enter the estimated tax payments for 2015 in both the 1120s and the 1040?I am using home & business for the 1040 and TT Business for the 1120s. 
I am a lawful permanent resident of the USA since 2004, and I am traveling to Malaysia with my 7-yr old son (US citizen) from July 2016 to January 2017. If we stop our insurance coverage in the USA from July to December 2016 and buy travel insurance (with medical coverage), OR Health Insurance from AIA Trust in Malaysia instead, can we avoid penalty for 2016 tax in health coverage? 
If I use Oct 1-Jan31 2015 for this years taxes can I easily switch the fiscal year beginning to Jan 1 in Turbotax for future years? Or should I use the full calendar year in 2015 even though I wasnt legally able to work in the profession until Oct 2015? 
I have two children and I am had of household and single, though their father lives with me, we are not married. If I get state assistance helping with daycare, and am paying $15 out of pocket per child, or am paying 4125 for one, but not the other,how can I claim that? Does the IRS see how much the state is paying for my childrens childcare assistance? I would assume I cant calim the full amount, but can the IRS see that the state is paying for some of it? It is about $4000 a year, total mine and theirs payments included, but I do not know what to do or claim? 
Once you fill out the proper forms online, are you required to submit your online forms? 
When I entered my tuition the amount I owed increased by $600 dollars? My tuition was enough to cover what I owed and I still have left over tuition from the previous year? 
I lived in me but worked in va. I reccieved my me ged tax returns but va is asking me for a copy of it. How can I access on line through turbo tax. Thank u 
We have made several attempts to contact TurboTax, but not one will ever get back with us.  We cannot get through to the IRS because when we enter our tax information, it says that they cannot locate our return. 
Hi. I am a Physical Therapist who wants to work as a part time home health PT. There is an agency who wants to hire me, yet in their agreement, I will be a sole proprietor. Someone told me, I need to declare or register a business name first. Is it true? If I accepted this, I will received w9 and w2. Is it complicated to do?For w9, how to declare my tax? 
I e-filed my 2015 1040 return on 1/31/2016 (single no dependents)...it was accepted by the IRS on 2/2/2015. I checked my status on the IRS website FOR MONTHS with no update. I finally get a letter from the IRS in April generally stating theyre working on it and will contact my by 4/23/15 if theres more information needed....NO LETTER OR PHONE CALL received since then...STILL no update on IRS status website as well. I finally contact my local tax advocate office and someone FINALLY gets the ball rolling...turns out my Federal Tax Income withheld was incorrectly imputed by accident and that was holding up my return....Now, as Im doing my Amendment, instead of getting a refund, I now owe...(understandable) but it also says I owe the DIFFERENCE of the what the federal income tax withheld was? (i.e. Incorrect F.I.T.W = $5000 Correct F.I.T.W = $3000 difference $2000 owed PLUS the actual amount owed) Is this a penalty? I had no idea what was happening with my taxes until I finally reached out to someone....really frustrated and will be going to H&R Block soon...HELP! 
I have been checking since May 2 today the say my information dont match my records 
I need help fulfilling the IRS request. Can you please help me to do that? 
I am trying to determine if I should sell my home or keep renting it. 
All buildings in the complex are in major disrepair, requiring new roof, garage door replacements,  earthquake retrofit, new exterior staircases, regrading to slope water drainage away from the units, major structural issues in crawl spaces. The structural integrity of the building and stairs are compromised. It is all absolutely necessary repairs to prevent collapse and future dry rot, etc. Not sure if because they are replacing roofing on the buildings if the necessary repair is a capital improvement? When the roof is sagging 10 inches in places due to dry rot? Overall I am wondering if because I have a home office, then that percentage of the special assessment can be written off? 
I've entered our Class 1 and 8 additions for the year, however the program is not showing any CCA being deducted. I expected a 50% deduction given the half-year rule.Thanks,Angie 
upgrade to use the option 
I have filed twice, and been rejected twice. Not sure why. I believe all of my information is good. 
I am a returning customer. Only difference is I am self employed now so I had to enter extra info. Would that make the price go up to $20.00 for filing even though I still make under $20,000? 
Une erreur fait que mon pouse est considre member dun organisme communautaire ???? Comment faire corriger? 
still cant file my taxes applied 20 times for the same return irs says its you so fix it plz 
I paid my state taxes online with this site and it has not come out of my checking account, why? State taxes were aproved and it promted me to pay from bank card , would not accept credit card 
Why can't I purchase plus? The option I getting is Delux and above. I want to access my 2012 taxes. 
How do I get this? 
The T4 uploaded by my employer to CRA is not correct 
Je veux envoyer ma declaration manque seulement a resoudre ce probleme. Je ne trouve pas ou le nombres de jour est manquant. 
I want to know if I paid the tax due on an 2015 federal return email by debit or credit card. 
My income is being doubled and I cant fix it nor can I delete anything. What kind of mess have you people created? Is this some kind of sick joke? 
I tried enter all zeroes, but Turbotax won't let me proceed. Any way around this? 
Second year in a row now that I submitted my bank info to send in the taxes I owed and instead of being done, received a letter that the transaction didnt go through. So I was late with my payment. Funny thing how in both years the same numbers worked fine with no problem when paying the IRS online after they contacted me(BOTH Fed & State). Just  paid my Fed failure to pay fee and interest fees of $183.47 Just wanted you to know that you [profanity removed] big time. Last time I use Turbo Tax and you can count on me spreading the news about how you ripped me off. Your product [profanity removed]. 
Finally gave up and had my taxes done by a tax preparer at a cost of $500.00. I would like a refund for the TurboTax Premier. $79.99 plus $6.08 taxes, for a total of $86.07. 
I've been using the CD version of Turbo Tax since 2007.  I always save a copy on my laptop.  However, I didn't print a hard copy of 2014 and now I can't print the file that is on my laptop. 
filling up my taxes, and my son (dependent) also has a w2, but i cant seem to find where to put that information. any help 
I lived in PA, a resident all year(2015) and worked in MD. Only earning wages in MD. 
I am overseas and have no other means to pay for TurboTax fees except with the BoA credit card. You keep rejecting my payment. If you keep doing that I will not be happy and will never recommend TT to anybody else.You have to resolve this issue as it entails discriminating against bonafide residents abroad. 
I tried their chat line when I got the letter. Was told it's random who they do this to, not from known ID fraud or anything. Should have kept a copy of the letter I sent with their blanks filled but didn't. Today the CA website says "Your tax return requires additional processing time". Any official word on why they're holding up refunds? They owe me hundreds of $$! 
My divorce is in progress and I want to check if selecting 'married file separately' and standard deduction is enough to file taxes this year or I have to get any other info from my spouse. 
I need to know lines 56-46 
Do I have to file state tax if I don't owe state tax nor getting state refund? 
I'm in the process of closing a home loan but I need to submit proof of deposit for my tax return. The deposit amount is less than the actual refund amount since there were filing fees and I purchased Audit Defense. 
I am not sure what forms I have to fill out each year. As a 100% owner of an S-Corp, I know I need to file a Form 1120s and attach a schedule K1 to my personal 1040. But, since our household income is primarily my husbands I may only take a small draw from time to time from my S-Corp.  Because I am not paying myself a wage just yet what other forms do I have to file if any?  Do I only file a 940 and 941 if I start paying myself a wage? 
I used turbotax to file for 2014. 
For example, the first place is rental in NJ and the second is rental in NY. The primary residence is the NJ residence because of spending more nights per week at that residence. What is the address that will be filed with federal and with state tax filings if the employment is located in NY. Thank you. 
i chose to use deluxe by accident. i would like to change that to free if i can. even if it will end up deleting some information 
I download my Turbo tax and finish all the updates.But turbo tax always automatically exits shortly after I lauch it.DO I need to adjust my PC setting somewhere? I have used Turbo tax for morethan 10 years but this is the first time it happens to me. 
Need to file 2014 taxes on phone app 
I did not file my taxes before the April 18th deadline. Partly because of confusion about my company's tax support now that I am an expatriate employee living in the UK as of January. I opened the 'Easy Extension' program in TurboTax. I answered no to the question of whether I was actively serving in the military outside the US on April 18th. However, the program assumes that means I was living in the US on that date and doesn't offer additional options.Is this correct and only if in military service is one eligible for an extension for living outside the US? Or is there something wrong with the app?Many thanks 
need to print my return and feel frustrated that the system is asking me again to pay 
I filed my and my Spouses 2014 tax return but never received a confirmation number. I thought they both went through and I paid for the returns. I found an e-mail from May 14, 2015 stating that if I submitted my taxes successfully to disregard the notice. As far as I could tell they went through fine. But now I am not so sure as I didnt receive an assessment and no invoice to pay what I owed. When I look back at my history it says my 2014 filing was removed???? I need to file 2015 today and wondered if I have to redo 2014 or if it can be brought up again and resubmitted. I really dont want to have to pay again for the returns I already sent last year. Please advise.....thanks 
I need to file for 2013 and then 2014 before I can file for 2015; how do I do that on Turbotax?  I assumes I want to do 2015. 
I start my MD Taxes, and the first question is Allocate Federal to Alice What does ir mean? How do I know how much do I have to write as my answer? 
amount in new letter is same as tax return why more ? 
sold stock short term. 
I want to know the tax filing timings for my business. Moreover, i formed my LLC with the help of an Banker who also opened my business account and i am not really sure wheather i have a sole proprietorship or I registered as an single member, I am not sure?  They had  issued me an EIN number and I think they only issue EIN number if someone registered as a Single Member LLC. I want your comments on this? 
my income is the lower income but turbo tax will only put the uccb in my wife's income 
Accidentally hit accept without reading all terms. Can I get a link to what the terms said? 
i would like to pay for the upgrade via credit card and not have it deducted from my return. 
How do I contact turbo tax and speak to a rep. I divorced and moved. Cant find 2014 returns. Don't have previous account info. 
Im not 100% sure if all my meals, miles, and expenses are deductible or just some are deductible. My wife will also be with me doing job hunting. The main focus of the trip is for job/home hunting for our future move. About 75%-80% will be job hunting related. 
Nothing in box 48 that you suggested I look at. I am NOT self employed and said NO to the question asking if self employed. Yet you say I cannot netfile because of invalid industry code related to self employment. I have been over this return at least 8 times. What should I do? The whole purpose of using turbo tax is to be able to netfile. 
Just to make sure..I just pay capital gains and not income tax on that sale, right? 
I even had to re-file which was accepted and that was over 8 weeks ago. When I go to "where's my refund" it says it has been accepted and is being processed but I can't get ahold of anyone for information on how to obtain my refund. 
Hoping what I am trying to say makes sense.  I am trying to show him that we will lose approx $30k in early withdrawl fees and taxes we will have to pay on it. 
I did my 2014 Taxes through Turbo Tax but can't access them. 
Je ne trouve pas mon rapport dimpot 2015. Jai ete dans Impot Rapide et ouvert et aucun icone nest apparu. Que dois je faire?? 
I have a net Capital gain for 2015, but I have accumulated Capital loss carry forward from the past years.   I am trying to include this amount of carry forward on Line 253 with TURBOTAX, but can't.   Please, How do I deal with this 
I own my own business and took dividends instead of salary - Actual amount of $35,000.   I understood that it would only be taxed at 50% of my tax rate but it just seems to have been added to my income? 
I currently reside in Maryland and own a home in Washington state.  I am selling the home in Washington but will be moving to Ireland before the closing date of the home sale.  Am I responsible for reporting any of the capital gains to Maryland? 
I am self-employed and  for the 1st time Turbo Tax is calculating CPP deduction and CPP repayment on my income. How can I elect not to pay CPP? 
everything you respond to is IRS not state. 
I had an investment loss of X0,000.00 can I claim anything on my taxes. Alberta Securities is investigating the fraud and I am waiting. I paid off the loan I had so that I wasnt paying interest expense, as money I did have invested was not paying the same amount of interest as the loan for the borrowed money was costing me. 
OK, in 2015 I employed a Nanny for the first time. I got a Employer Id Number and filed the 940 and 941 forms. I also sent in checks for the amounts that were computed on those forms. As I understand it, I basically filed business taxes by doing this. In reality, I do not have a business, just 1 household employee.My mistake was that I also entered my Nannys income on my personal taxes (Schedule H was the generated) and filled out the estimated payments section for the money that was sent in for the 940/941 forms.I then received a bill from the IRS saying that I owed them for the amount that I claimed in the estimated payments section.In talking to the IRS, they basically said that I made a DOUBLE entry and have to fill out a 1040X to remedy this. Within Tubo Tax, HOW do I do this? Is it as simple as going into the File an Amended Return option and basically removing ALL entries concerning my Nanny on my personal taxes (since its accounted for on my business taxes)?The easy way out is that Ive already got a CPA in mind that can fix this problem for me, but it is $$$! Thanks for any help/responses. 
Turbotax made an error on my return. And called me to advise that I need to submit an amended Vermont tax return 
Amount is ~6k, we also have a small amount (~700) considered a "parish gift". 
where do I get proof I paid my 2014 school tax? 
I have filed extensions for 2014 and 2015 taxes due to my time deployed overseas.   I redeployed two days ago, and need to show my last tax return to buy a new house.   I haven't even had time to reactivate a phone since my arrival 
What does this mean?  My return is pretty simple and straight forward.  All I did was say I contributed 400 dollars.  Im not sure why I get this error.  When I click fix, it doesn't give me any more additional information. 
Hello.My spouse did not have any income in USA yet. She is a resident for tax purposes. She wants to get an ITIN but to do that she needs to file a tax reurn, she has a W7 filled out and a certified passport copy. How to file the tax return do I just need to fill out 1040EZ form with $0s? Can she just pay any amount of money or she does not have to pay anything and still get the ITIN? What year should she file 2015 or 2016? 
I did not file 2013 w2. can I still use turbo tax to file 2013 W2 for a refund ? 
CNIL screen is blank: Why doesnt turbotax sum up all the income and expenses for me  from all the entries Ive already entered in turbotax? 
My computer crashed and I need a copy of my 2014 returns through Turbo Tax. Can I get a copy from you? 
I do have a picture of what the form should look like if it helps any 
How I print prior taxes ? 
When I press simply enter your email address here (to see list of User Ids) it does not go to anywhere that I can enter my email address, it goes to the same screen I was already on.  Following any of your instructions does not lead me to my 2015 taxes that I have completed and paid for and would now like to print.  Please advise. 
would like assistance completing my w4 correctly. Info below:- Head of Household,  dependent,  job, also pay for daycare.Any assistance would be greatly appreciated, thank you. 
I need to contact State of Colorado for a lost refund check but when you call it says to file question through the website but I can't find the link to ask them to send me a new check. 
Where can I include training courses taken as a physician?  TurboTax has included a T2125 for me based on self-employed income.  I am confused about whether these courses would be eligible, or be considered capital expenditures and where I would enter them depending on which category they fall into...?Thanks 
I need to know how to change it back to the 1040A with out doing it all over. 
I have 2 T4's and also a small side business (I have a Business # and a GST #).  I have generated income and expenses against the business.  Can I file one person return for all income, and file GST separately? 
I paid $3,360 in prior years' state taxes (through an installment plan) during 2015, but I did  not claim these as a deduction on my 2015 federal return; can I amend and claim these? 
on a computer 
Two different accounts one needs to be amended the other is a failed amendment. 
I know that while amending it said that amendments have to be mailed. Do I need to print out my amended file and send it or will turbotax keep the change on file and add it to next years tax return? 
I logged onto Its Deductible today and all but one of my previously entered records are gone for all years. Only my most recent recorded 6/4/16 is present. I have recorded many previous records for all years. Where are they? Please restore them asap! 
Please give me a phone number I can contact you at. Thank you 
I need to look at all copies of my 2013 documments 
Due to total and complete disability, I have been forgiven my student loan debt of about $40K; it will be reported as income on a 1099-C; what tax planning steps should I take now to avoid a big tax bill next year? 
It would accept any of my credit cards. I have checked with the bank and they are good to go 
how do I get a copy of my IRS extension 
\n\nIf\nI upgrade my PCs operating system from Windows 7 to Windows 10, will I be able\nto access all my previous years TurboTax applications and files? \n\n 
I did not have to enter all the expenses I have incurred to earn self employment income this year.  I did not get prompted by the system 
How can I call and speak with someone at TurboTax?  They only have a form to request a call that accepts US numbers. 
He is 27 years old and enrolled in a PhD program.  He is being taxed both via a W-2 from the University of CA- San Diego and from the difference between the Tuition payment received and the Scholarships & Grants amount.  Why is this? I thought that stipends in PhD programs are not taxable? 
I need to access my previous tax returns 
I have a loan which i used to purchase partnership shares in the company. In 2015 I payed $18,750,00 for interest on my loan for $625,000.00. I payed a principle amount of $125,000.00 with the total combined payout of $143,750.00 
For some reason, I had Utah and Vermont (which downloaded on it's own last time I logged on) on my TT program.   They are useless to me.  I needed to just get my returns filed and didn't hve time to work through this as I'm going on vacation.  Please help. 
Im not sure why this is showing up as RSP income or how to remove it. 
Have shares in a private LLC that went bankrupt in 2015.  The assets were seized by creditors.  There are no employees.  There will be no K-1.  If I enter the invested loss through the TT LLC process it shows the loss on 1040 line 14.  Last year any losses were shown on 1040 line 17.  How do i properly input the bankrupt LLC without a K-1? 
I paid for the deluxe to access my old 1040 EZ but apparently i had two accounts do i have to pay another 54 dollars just to get the other one i need ? 
I just learned of this form and would like to file it for both my Tax Year 2014 and 2015 returns. Is that possible or can I only do my Tax Year 2015 return? 
Or should it be La. payroll taxes? 
In 2014 our tax credit was $6765.00. Our overall situation has not changed. Please advise. Tristan 
I would call this a big miss for something easy.Turbo Tax has, for many years, been smart enough to move all Charitable contributions to the higher income earner.  I just assumed it would do the same with Political donation credits, which are handled in the same category.Was lucky to notice, or else I wouldnt have got any tax credit for the ones in my wifes name, as she only worked a small amount last year and already wasnt paying any tax.Developers, please fix. 
I am attempting to file 2-month extension for citizens residing overseas. My address is overseas but TurboTax is tells me 'You lived in the U.S. on April 18, so the deadline to file an extension has passed' . I'm not certain how I'm able to get the extension in at this stage or at which stage I fooled the system into thinking that I'm inside the states. Can you recommend common errors that have been made? 
I had a poor customer experience, after many years of using TurboTax with reasonable satisfaction.  Whats the best way to submit my comments? 
jai pay mon logiciel dimpt le 25 fvrier 2016. # commande est E482514214, # transaction est 034279, # marchand 91350017, le code de paiement anticip est 22080684917. Ce matin le 2 mai 2016, jai transmis par voie lectronique mon impt fdral et provincial. Je navais le numro de paiement anticip et jai d payer  nouveau le logiciel. SVP est-ce possible de me faire un remboursement ? ou bien est-ce possible davoir un crdit pour lanne prochaine. Lynn Grenon courriel: lynngrenon@hotmail.com   1321 avenue Jean-De Quen Qubec (Qc G1W 3H5) TLPHONE: 418-803-2229 merci  de me rpondre. 
For the interest occurred on the loans I borrowed to invest in non-investment , how can I claim it in Turbo free on-line version?  I didn't find the form to enter it . 
When will I get my refund.  Can you give me the date and confirmation # of my confirmation. 
the website gives a number to call if it has been over 12 weeks (which it has)  That number is an automated line that asks for my info then simply says still processing 
How do I do that? I was told I can print them out from TurboTax website, sign them and take them to an office of the IRS. 
I have been reviewing my return & it seems that I was able to make edits.  I am wondering if my returned was filed yesterday.  How do I verify? 
I currently make substantially more income than she does.  She has no U.S. income, and all of her bank accounts are in Canada. 
Is there anyway to print it? 
Copy of 2011 2012 
Jai eu cette avertissement : Vos informations suggrent que vous avez reu une prestation ou une rmunration \nqui est imposable soit au niveau fdral ou provincial du Qubec, mais pas les \ndeux. Confirmez les montants sur le relev 1, soit les cases A, J, L et P. \nHabituellement, la case 14 du feuillet T4 correspond  la case A moins les cases \nJ, L et P du relev 1 .... est-ce quil y en a que votre casse 14 du T4 qual pas la case A du relev 1 moins les cases J et L ? 
How can I download the software without having to pay again?Thanks,Jeremy 
Why do i have to pay a penalty when I paid them for the shortage? 
I pressed claim together by mistake and it seems as though my only option to start over is to purchase a new turbo tax -please help!! Ive gone thru the FAQ - clicked on Tools/Account Manager but it doesnt let me edit the claim I started only minutes ago.  Argh, I accidentally clicked the wrong thing on the first page and havent got anywhere.  There has to an option for this as its quite common for my mouse to be touchy. 
i want to know if are only to pages with the authorization code  or the full print of the forms and the two pages? 
I simply need to be able to print a hard copy of last year's tax return. How do I do it? 
I filed my taxes through turbotax and was told I would get $X amount of money. The IRS return has now been deposited into my bank but it is MUCH less than what was calculated through turbo tax.Nothing changed. Documents were all in line and inputted exactly.What changed? Please help... 
Im a licensed mechanic looking to claim cost of eligible tools. Im located in Ontario (HST harmonized tax province). I actually have two questions. First is lets say I purchased $1000 in tools. Theres 3 boxes (GST) (HST) (Zero Rated & Exempt). Would I only enter the $1000 in the HST box?Second Question is, I also purchased some tools from the USA for my related field (either I couldnt source them here or the cost was much higher) and lets say I spent $500 but I did not pay tax as they were purchased outside of Canada. Would I claim these under zero rated & exempt as I did not pay tax on them or not claim them at all? 
i would appreciate a phone call asap [phone number removed] 
I am transfering my sons tuition fees to mine and my husbands return, but i can not find lines in hois condensed 2015 return. 
I am a consultant for a home party product company - like Tupperware its called 31. I am using Turbo Tax, I have looked online for an industry code and used 414 but it comes back as invalid. Can you recommend which code I should use? 
you didn't send my taxes in and I want answers! 
my code says invalid 
I spent personal funds to provide services for my military job. I have purchased office supplies, provided meals for soldiers, provided the use of my personal phone and vehicle and mileage for the same purpose. I saved receipts. I intended to deduct these expenses, not claim it as income. Please help me delete the schedule C on both my 2014 and 2015 tax return. Can someone please call or email me at [personal info removed] 
Quand je tente denvoyer ma dclaration du Quebec (RQ Revenue Qubec) jobtiens un message derreur qui dit Vous ne pouvez pas transmettre la dclaration par Internet, car nos fichiers indiquent quelle concerne une personne dcde avant 2015. (T3A00020) mais je ne suis pas dcd, et je nai pas trouver dendroit dans ma dclaration qui dit que je suis dcd. Je suis veuve depuis 2012 et je nai jamais eu une erreur de ce type dans le pass avec votre programme. De plus, je nai rien indiqu  propos de mon mari dans cette dclaration. Pouvez-vous maider? 
My son is a full-time college student who lives at home.  I claim him as a dependent, and  I pay monthly child support to his mother to cover his room and board, as stipulated in the divorce settlement.  I have a 529 account with my son named as beneficiary.  Can I withdraw from the 529 to cover his child support expenses?  Since the money is applied to his room and board, is it considered a qualified expense? 
I was living in Columbus district and moved to Pickerington in October 2014 only. 
your system said I did not file with you however I have a confirmation e-mail from you that said I did. How can I find my 2014 tax return that I did with you? 
so, are you saying that the specific law in question has only to do with the amount of tax on social security? 
federal return is defaulting to KS and not allowing car registration fee deduction but I live and pay property taxes and reg. fees in MO all year long.  How do I get this deduction on my federal return? How do I remove the KS default on my federal return to be able to claim this deduction? 
im not sure how to do this ... 
Purchase of 7 shares long term 2.0146 sh and short term 4.958 sh.  Please help The payment for my tax return has already been processed by Turbo Tax. 
It listed 5,500 as taxable income, but I did Roth IRA and listed that in turbox tax, I don't know what went wrong and how to correct it 
My amended taxes return was $931, the status of my amended taxes shows adjusted. But I didn't get any refund into my account or nor I got any money order/check. How will they refund my amount? The website shows this msg "Your account was adjusted on June 10, 2016. Within three weeks, you will receive a notice that explains the adjustment." 
How can I revert back to a free filing? Turbo Tax's system is prompting me to pay for a service I didn't need. 
Jai achet Inpotrapide de luxe en ligne 2015 - deux dclarationsJai envoy une dclaration avec un code de paiement anticip.Je suis incapable denvoyer la 2e dclaration.Il y a toujours un message derreur Veuillez entrer un code de paiement anticip valide. 
I am filing my taxes late.  How does turbo tax account for this?  It doesn't appear to be included in the tax calculation. 
Je me suis connecter sur le compte a mon conjoint et nous avons fait notre dclaration, (cest notre premire fois quon dclare en conjoint de fait) Jai tout soumis au gouvernement, et la quand je me connecte a mon compte il y a rien... tout nos details 2015 sont dans le compte a mon conjoint sur ImpotRapide.Y-a til un moyen de transferer la dclaration dans mon dossier dImpot Rapide ?Jaimerais bien y garder une copie dans mon dossier en ligne.Merci 
Im a born US Citizen 
I need my 2014 tax return, I paid to upgrade to PLUS for this reason, now I cant get it because of the PREVIEW ONLY watermark. 
I am living in Switzerland and receive a pension from my former Swiss company and a social security payment from the Swiss government I pay taxes on both of theses incomes to the Swiss.Both income therefore are foreign earned. If I report it under Social securite rather than foreign earned income, I seem to owe taxes again. 
I want to get all pages, not just the first 2, and that's all that I can get.  I need ALL pages. 
Where do I find a copy of my filed income tax return? 
(given various addresses to send the returns).. Why would I need to also mail the two returns if we NET FILED electronically? The instruction screens are ambiguous..  Please clarify.  Thanks 
the system ask me to pay 
They specifically site the Earned Tax  Credit. 
I need to file back taxes for some consulting work I did in Switzerland during the summer of 2014 for which I did not receive a W-2 form. At the time, I was not yet married. How can I do this? 
What do I do 
recently turned 65 --- ODSP (T5007) --- Old Age ( ?)and Canada pension (T4A (P))Unable to access 
This is not done on my form from the broker and I am not clear on how to approach this.  Not sure why payment was already processed and my taxes may not be able to be filed through Turbo Tax?  Please let me know when I can contact someone to get this rectified. 
The Revenu Qubec form is Balance Due TP-1026.0.1.P-V which is printed as part of my provincial return by TurboTax. I have already NetFiled but will be making the payment by cheque. The form shows the 2015 Taxation year, Balance due: $480.37 and Amount remitted: $821.68.  At the end of the form, there is a Remittance Slip which I will send with my payment. The amount indicated in the Amount remitted box shows $821.68. Why? 
Not sure what to put in here based on the wording. I know I can only claim 50% of meals related to the form, but having the word gross in there makes me wonder what I need to put. (if that calculation is being done for me) 
I need a phone number to IRS where I can actually speak with a person 
I have just spoken with a Turbo Tax agent & received an activation code.  However, it doesn't work.  Can I please get help? 
I cant find my copies 
I made a ROTH IRA contribution in Jan 2016 for 2015. I later decided to change it for 2016 Tax year in February but broker didnt change and reported on Form 5498. Question #1 since I requested the change before filing would that have been correct? Question #2 since broker didnt change to Tax Year 2016, what are my options?  Thanks, 
Simply I cannot get into my docs as I have paid 
when i enter my empoyer ein nothing comes up 
I still filed my personal taxes, prior to the business taxes being filed. I have done this in the past with no issues, but my attorney asked me to seek confirmation that this would NOT trigger an audit, since the personal return has info from the business returns, but they are not yet filed? 
I have claim my daughter the last three years can she still go back and file for the three years? 
Somehow my 2015 PDF contains my 2014 taxes. Not sure what gaffe I made there but I need to find a way to print out my 2015 state return again. When I launch the app it just wants me to start a new return.  Please advise. 
Do I really have to start all over from scratch?! Can I retrieve my 'free' version? 
I want to know if I filed my 2014 taxes right and if they are confirmed that 2014 taxes have been received 
tax program did not transfer info to line 352 on schedule 1 
Please help? 
I have a nonresident who has a positive Federal AGI (They do have a Federal NOL), but I cannot get the NOL to calculate on page 2 of the 500-NOL.  They were not allowed to take any exemptions or deductions because their ratio was 0% (positive fed agi and negative GA income means they gets 0%).  Thus, because there are no GA adjustments, I cant get the NOL to calculate.  We just end up with the Federal AGI as the end amount.  Is there a line that I can subtract the out of state income from to get to the GA NOL? 
Has my return been accepted ? 
It was a $60 charge and it is very important that I get this money back. 
want to talk to a live tax expert 
I have foreign property and stock income to report. This is part of FBAR declaration. 
Aprs avoir entrer mes informations de contact, lorsque j'appuie sur Continue, mes informations ne se sauvegarde pas, on me renvoie au Return manager (pourquoi en anglais alors que j'tais en franais ?) et quand je clique pour continu ma dclaration, je me fais dconnecter. Lorsque je me reconnecte, et que j'essaie de continu, je dois encore entr mes informations de contact et la boucle recommance encore!!! 
I paid for Deluxe and want to upgrade to Home & Business, but its asking for the full price. Can't I pay the difference. If it cost $104.99 can you subtract the the deluxe of $54.99 and pay the difference for $50. 
We currently saw they following and were told that we needed to add "only intangible religious benefits":  We have: "Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code requirements for substantiation of charitable contributions, no goods or services were provided in return for the Tax Deductible contributions." 
I got a receipt that my tax return was accepted, but I owed money this year and I can't find a receipt that my payment was accepted. 
Notice states that "Overpayment was calculated incorrectly."  Is this correct? 
How do I fill out my W-4P Tax Form for my pension deductions.  I have only one pension and married.  I need to know how to claim so I dont owe at the end of the year when I file my taxes. 
with turbo tax 
I am legally blind but can use a computer.  I sent this question in 2 days ago but no answer.  I checked my Email.  I don't know where to look for the answer! 
Puis-je corriger ce message: un pourcentage  a t entr pour un associ dans Revenus et dpenses dentr. ou de profession ou Rev.Dep. de location, mais le NAS manque.   Le NAS est ok, et aucun pourcentage. nest entre  Associ?Puis-je contacter quelquun de vive voix pour rsoudre la situation, le logiciel mempche denvoyer ma dclarationVoici le message exact derreur:Un pourcentage a t entr pour un associ sur le formulaire Revenus et \ndpenses dentreprise ou de profession ou Revenus et dpenses de location dun \nbien immeuble, mais le numro dassurance sociale manque. Veuillez entrer cette \ninformation sur le formulaire connexe du Qubec pour rendre la dclaration \nadmissible  ImptNet Qubec. 
how do I get the return to open 
CONTRIBUTION 6000.00 TO A STANDARD RETAIL BROKERAGE ACCT, CAN I DEDUCT THE CONTRIBUTION 
efiled tax return using intuit turbo tax.  received a confirmation that tax return has been successfully efiled with CRA.   I noticed that the name in the confirmation does not match the tax return.  It has my husbands first name repeated twice.  He has not received his tax refund and it has been several weeks.  Do I need to refile? 
Javais achet Impt Rapide De luxe  29.99 tlchargeable, mais jai formater mon disque dr. 
My wife and I are wondering if I should start taking Social Security while we are both still working,We were wondering if TurboTax can be used to formulate the best income stratagy for the coming year? 
I need a phone number to call turb tax 
Did Turbo Tax not provide estimated quarterly tax this year?In the past I received a form from turbo tax showing the amount to be paid for the next year.  I did not receive it this year and it has been extremely difficult to communicate with turbo tax on several errors they seem to have made. 
I think my dad may have acedently claimed me but now I can't get my tax refund because of it 
My prior employer had educational assistance as a benefit which I utilized. They also had a policy that if an employee left within a certain amount of time after the reimbursement was processed, that the employer would be owed back the amount utilized.I initially paid for a class using post tax funds. Upon passing the class, I was reimbursed with essentially pre-tax funds. Upon leaving the employer extracted their payback from my final paycheck utilizing post-tax funds. Should they have been paid back on a pre-tax basis or did they process it correctly by extracting their payback from post-tax funds?Put differently, why did they pay me with pre-tax funds, but require pay back with fully taxed funds? 
I received a letter from IRS asking how I calculated the amount in Line 71 of my 1040.  The value calculated in TurboTax appears a bit higher than when I use IRSs Worksheet 3-1. Excess Social SecurityNonrailroad Employees. 
\n\nI got my green card through marriage Oct 2014. I stayed for\none month and then went back to my home country and stayed for couple of month.\nI then came to the US in Dec 2015. My wife filed a tax return in Jan 2016 for\nthe whole year 2015 as Married Filing Jointly. In the 1040 they mentioned her\nas a taxpayer. For me, they wrote that I didnt have a job. When I apply for\ncitizenship would they ask me about 2014 tax return and does that mean I filed\nmy tax return for 2015 the way my wife did and how they are going to verify\nthat I Have not had a job with no W2 no 1099 abroad.  Do I need to apply again for the year 2015 or\ncorrect something? \n\n 
I am looking for the 20% discount YOU offered!! 
I thought it was for unpaid taxes, but no one there had received any funds. thank you. The amount taken was close to $1,000. Please help. 
Irs took refund and i need to pay turbotax. 
COURT ORDERED Lump sum alimony payment, GEORGIA is this a Tax deduction for the Payer 
I did not claim my son on my 2014 taxes as he turned 18 on December 22, 2014.Would I have been able to claim him?Thank you 
I should be able to take a (passive income) foreign tax credit for the tax I paid in the Netherlands. But I can only do this if the income is re-sourced from the U.S. to the Netherlands.  How do I do this in TurboTax? 
Need it asap 
I amended form 8885 on my 2015 correctly, TurboTax 2014 may need updating to get the 8885 form... 
When I filed my taxes this year I realized I did not take the tax break for my home office in 2014.  I would like to re do them.  How can I do that??? 
I can't find an email from TurboTax for what I paid to use TurboTax.  I'm in the process of buying a house and the loan underwriter needs to know why my refund was around $1,500, but only $1,300 was deposited.  I'm guessing it was because I had the TurboTax fee taken out of the refund. 
I was asked to complete 8962a newly computed page of my taxes showing the transferred amount from form 8962 
I am required by my home insurance agent to have proof of online filing and payment. I know I did this properly and I was wondering if you can send me a receipt of this ASAP.  I really need this please. Thank you so much! Best, Meredith Hanley 
it says "your kentucky individual income tax return for the above period has been reviewed and adjusted." underneath it says "an adjustment has been made to the amount of health insurance claimed on schedule m. Now it says i owe $156.40. please can someone explain this to me! 
so i waited until now to see this but my refund was supposed to send out on the 19th of last month at the latest so why is it still processing?!? 
How do I manually enter the carry forward amount of my business-use-of-home expenses? I do not want Turbo Tax to maximize them since I have child care costs that I can use to offset my net income. Turbo Tax is giving me a lower net income so I can't make use of all my child care costs... and they are not deferrable whereas BUOH expenses are. 
My husband recently left his job, and so we are having to revise my W4s as I am still employed. When completing the Personal Allowance Worksheet manually, the total number of allowances to claim came out to be 11, 10 if I chose 0 on line C. However, the withholding calculator on the IRS website suggested I claim 0, but to adjust the additional amount section on line 6. We are trying to get out as much as we can on each of my paycheck since I do not make much, 30k, and we have 3 dependents. We don't want to end up paying a lot come April, but we also can't afford to have so much taken out as well. Should I go with the recommended 0 allowance anyway with the recommended additional amount?  Thanks for the help. 
What gives??? 
i have completed the files together but want to separate them and not file them together please help 
I need to submit my 2015 tax return for income verification purposes, so I downloaded it from TurboTax. However, the signature section is blank because it was signed and submitted digitally. Is this a problem that it appears unsigned? 
Im Wondering if the IRS accepted my return for 2015? 
total Income tax  shown in item-65 of form 1040 shows only amount which is sum of W2 tax withheld. How should we proceed from here. we filed taxes in april 2015 
I can't seem to find form 1116 even after searching help. I don't see the "explore on my own" option. I'm using turbotax deluxe version 
I have finished 2015 tax return and printed. however, I need to make revision.is there any way that I revise my return...I have not filed yet 
Hi, requesting a return of $39. 99 for the turbotax fee.  Ca state sent a 2015 ca noticed change that We owe $547 instead of a refund of $72. After researching Ive discovered the turbotax system did not correctly update the ca withholding. Please advice.Thank you,[Name/e-mail address deleted] 
I get this error for some resonshippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; 
Why am I being charged twice. 
will not let me bring it up to upgrade to plus says its locked because ididnt pay for 2015. I did not use turbo in 2015 
I see a discount available from 3/1/201610/15/2016 at amex.co/turbotax Does this work for download purchases as well? 
I am using Turbtax, Standard edition. After preparing my 2015 Quebec & federal tax returns with some business income from taxi driving, I want to Netfile, but the software says that I have errors in my business address. I dont think so. I have done everything and am still getting errors that prevent me from Netfile. What should I do? 
I mailed my amended return on April 22. I know it takes 3 weeks to show up in the system.The Where's My Amended Return doesn't have anything regarding my amendment.I know it was recieved because I sent a check along with it for state and it was cashed by April 25. How can I speak to someone? 
I am a US citizen living abroad. I don't currently have a residence in US - so I don't pay State taxes. If I sign up for a lease for a family member for an apartment, would it be considered as my domicile and would I have to pay State taxes? 
I need the page where I can purchase 2015 turbo-tax for corporation 
What will I write in the 1040 form. Or leave everything blank 
I purchased TurboTax Standard 2015, but did not do the download.  I have the installation key. Where do I go to download the software? 
I go to taxes at the top but the amended option is not available. 
if this keeps up I  guessI'll never use this service again.. 
I need to amend my amended return.  can a use turbo tax to file a 2nd amended tax return. 
Please confirm and advise. 
1. As a guest, If I pay for a booking of a vacation rental online, do I pay the occupancy/transient/state taxes to the booking site like Airbnb/HomeAway? Or should I pay the occupancy/transient/state taxes to the host on check-in? 2. As a business, If I am running the vacation rental website do I collect taxes from guests and remit to the host? or collect taxes and pay to tax authorities?These questions were not clear on article: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Taxes-101/Who-Pays-the-Transient-Occupancy-Tax-/INF28... 
Filling 100% foreign erned income from HK 
\n\nThere is an IRS Technical Advice\nMemorandum dated Aug.8, 2002 and released Dec 6, 2002 in\nwhich IRS ruled that the royalty payments should be treated as long-term\ncapital gain under Section 1235. A number of cases are cited in that TAM. However,\nmost of what is written about IRC 1235 and similar fact patterns occurred prior\nto 2014 and therefore prior to the existence of the Net Investment Income Tax\n(NIIT). This raises a new question about the taxation of royalty payments\nafforded long-term capital gain treatment under IRC 1235 - is the gain subject\nto NIIT, or conversely, is there an argument that can be made that the gain is\nexempt from NIIT under the theory that the gain was derived in the ordinary\ncourse of a non-passive trade or business. Can the inventor be deemed to be in\nthe business of inventing patentable property such that the capital gain from\nsuch property would qualify as exempt from NIIT.\n\nI am seeking support for making\nsuch an argument or any argument that would enable a capital gain under IRC\n1235 to be deemed exempt from NIIT.\n\n 
I filed an amendment before I get my original refund. And I still have not received the original refund which has been 4 months since I filed it. What should I do? 
Using the Canadian version and the U.S. version of Turbotax would not only be more work to enter the same info., but it would also ignore the tax-treaty issues and cause expats to pay more tax unless you were able to go back and forth and manually coordinate the info. 
cant see my past tax returns 15 or 16 
Can I speak with someone at your offices about this? 
I am filing for 2013 
I'm Head of Household (single). 
I have wasted a lot of time on this problem to no availIncredibly disappointed with this program 
I need to calculate my gross income (not AGI) from 2015. I know this number isnt included anywhere on my 1040EZ or W2 from 2015, but is there an easy way to calculate it? 
How can I find the return I just completed this year? Thanks! 
I have possession of all the assets and they were used to start a professional practice and are being used now.  These assets included things like a phone number, office furniture and equipment, good will of a name etc. 
Just moved from TX to NC for a job that starts in a couple days.  My income is increasing about 70%.  With the state tax in NC and increase in pay, I want to get ahead of any potential tax situations.  My spouse is staying in TX until at least October.  Married, no dependents, no mortgage. 
I am not sure of how there are two different numbers from my W-2's to my tax transcript 
I plan on making greater than 110% of last years income so paying the 110% during the year is easier than trying to calculate the actual amount. My concern is with my first payment being a week late. 
2015 tax return not showing up to view after e-filing 
I have not filed 2014 yet can I do this with turbo tax to itemize?  I have already filed 2015 
My wife and her brother inherited an IRA from my father in law with his trust as the beneficiary. My brother in law needs to take the lump sump distribution, even though its not the smartest move. As such, when they cash out the IRA into the trust, and then pay the distributions from the trust to themselves, are the taxes on the lump sum paid based on their own tax rates on both incomes? Meaning, the rate is not the same for both of them, correct?I then know the Trust must issue them a K-1 in March. Is it also correct you can pay the tax (based on income bracket) at the time you take the distribution?Thanks! 
I started with actual income figures in lines 16a and 20a which were reduced by turbo tax in lines 16b and 20b to the figures now being corrected by the IRS. 
My elderly, retired parents arrived in Canada, each on a Parental Super Visa, in December 2015 and are living with my spouse and I.  Three questions: 1)  As my parents are dependent on us for everything, (inc. housing, food, transportaion, health care etc)  can I claim them on my 2015 Canadian Tax return, ? 2)  We purchased the required emergency medical coverage for each of them.  Can I claim half of the $10,000 spent on their premiums on my 2015 tax return as medical expenses with my spouse claiming the other half ? Or should I just claim the entire amount ? Can half be claimed in 2015 with the other half claimed on 2016s income tax return ? 3)  At what point are they to file their own income tax returns ?  SuperVisa is vaild for a total of 10 years, to be renewed every 2 years, meaning that they must leave Canada every 2 years to travel and then re-enter Canada. Thank you in advance. 
I had an accountant file federal but he did not file my state taxes.  Louisiana said i can still file because im due a refund.  Is it possible to use ur site to only file my state return? 
We built the building prior to start of the business, for the business.  We have not claimed any of the building expenses on personal or business.  Would we be better off just charging the business rent? 
I filed my 2015 taxes with turbo tax and now the entire return is missing from my PC!!! Can you help me restore it or just find it??? 
Ill be receiving money from Post 9/11 GI Bill, Pell Grant, HOPE scholarship, the Georgia Access Award, FWS, loans, and other scholarships. Are any of these types of aid considered taxable income, and will I have to file taxes because of them? 
When I looked at my return, the information I input matched the W-2, so it appears I have approximately $1500 in additional income, but I cannot locate the source. 
I rent out a basement suite to a boarder.  We share the main floor of the house and the yard and swimming pool.  I have claimed the income and expenses for the last several years but have not needed a business code.  Now I cant finish my tax form and submit without the code.  What is the code or where can I find one? 
According to the account there is $5345 in long term capital gains. 
the one where it automatically calculates based on the square footage of your living area 
I alresdy filed for 2015 and my employer just sent me a corrected W-2 where they payed me $500 less how do I correct my already submitted taxes? 
I already paid my NC vehicle property tax for 2016 and now about to move to Maryland, which also charges a property tax to register the vehicle.  Will I be able to deduct both of my taxes paid for 2016?  Would I get credit in Maryland for having paid my NC taxes or am I going to have to pay two taxes in the same year for the same piece or property? 
We selected to have our fee paid from our refund, but just now got charged the prep fee.  We have not received our refund yet, as we are waiting for a prior year to go through. 
can I get a refund if I bought the wrong taxe s download? 
My refund on Federal went from owing $140 to receiving $2900.  Whats up with Michigan State 
what is the telephone number to call when your being audited ? 
I had to register for CRA - and used my email address that they emailed me on.  But when I go to my messages, there is nothing there.  The CRA email is an automated one.  What can I do?Thanks so muchTanya 
I am a self-employed artist and U.S. citizen now with permanent residency in Japan. When I file my U.S. taxes, I am able to claim the FEIE, as I am well below the threshold. Additionally, I am exempt from self-employment tax because I pay into the Japanese system and have the required Certificate of Coverage I send in with my U.S. return. Since all of my income is exempt from U.S. tax, Im wondering if there is any point in bothering with the hassle of listing my business deductions (materials, supplies, home office, etc) on Schedule C. Isnt it irrelevant? It lowers my taxable income, but that doesnt matter because Im not paying any tax to begin with, no? So, is it a waste of time to bother with claiming self-employed business deductions on U.S. taxes if I am already exempt? Can I safely skip that section? Any advice would be greatly appreciated! 
how does she get this back as we did not netfile but was still charge 
Amazon Flex delivery driver - Do I have to track EVERY address I go to, or just overall miles on the route from start to finish? There are up to about 50 addresses on a route so that seems like it would be ridiculous to track. Also I do not make any other stops on the route, so I would think that starting odometer and ending odometer would suffice. Right or Wrong? Thanks! 
do we need to file his own taxes or does it go under ours 
If you dont invest that $250,000 in another house for a second time, do you have to pay taxes on that? 
I paid the tuition and expenses for community college for my son, who was living on his own and supporting himself. He filed his own tax return and claimed himself as a dependent. I am not claiming him as a dependent on my tax return.   I paid these educational expenses from a 529 account and received a 1099-Q. Will I now wind paying taxes on the amount I withdrew from the 529 plan to pay his educational expenses, since I am not claiming him as a dependent and am unable to enter these expenses on my tax return? 
I alredy filed and paid 2015 turbo tax.  I want to download 2016 dowm on my new compute and get help in transfering 2004 - 2015 from my old computer via tumbdrive. 
how can I access my 2014 with out paying twice ... ? 
My primary device is my Android phone, where I would also receive any texts. I would like to be able to make my iPad as a secondary authenticator in case my phone fails, is broken, or lost. 
how I can print my 2014 tax 
Its already been a week and still havent received anything.. Does a change of address could be a problem? 
When looking at the description on the IRS page, it says the child must live with you for over half the year.  When filling in information for my baby, Turbo Tax had me fill in that she had been with me the whole year even though she had only experienced 3 months of 2015.  Will her three months of life count for the half year requirement? 
Does the Basic version have Schedule C?  I cant find this info on the product comparison page or in the FAQSuggestion: update https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ to add a row for Schedule C. this is necessary; given last years debacle where Sched C was removed.  I was a loyal customer using Basic version for years, until the extremely poor choice to remove this form.  Its hard to keep my posting kid-friendly when i think about all the negative feelings this generated in me (and apparently a huge number of people, from the postings i read).A video apology from President is all well and good, but where the rubber meets the road is the product comparison page.  This info needs to be present.  Again, a failure of the marketing dept. 
Turbo Tax is insisting that it emails me a verification code as a last step to print my return. My Account does not have my email account listed, and when trying to add it, it just says "sign in" next to it. When I click this sign in link, the log in window briefly displays (it is empty too), then goes away, and turbo tax takes me back to the Tax Timeline. I just cleared my cache/history and it still does not work. 
what is wrong with turbo? 
Shows higher w2 income on form 1040 than in the income sectionn of software. 
It is requiring me to upgrade and pay which I do not need nor want to do! 
Do I have to override the program somewhere and prorate myself between Schedule E and Schedule A?  Or did I miss the spot to enter the conversion date?Thanks 
I have partnership income from a T5013, so is it asking what portion of the carrying charges on the T5013 was related to the acquisition?  Or is it asking for how much the carrying charges are (I already entered this, so I would imagine that is not what TurboTax is asking for)  Where do I find the amount it is asking for?Why does TurboTax ask this during the review phase, and not during the slips data entry phase? 
please provide information to receive my refundryanmckenzie@telus.netThank You 
TurboTax said our services were free due to low income & then added $29.99 fee that could not be removed. They call it Plus Bundle R2015. How do I get this fee refunded or do I have to contact the Better Business Bureau & state Attorney General? 
I owe for my state taxes as well but I thought this filing option was free? 
I e-filed the return. Is there a way that I can get access to this return since I don't have my own copy of it anymore? 
I fully funded a ROTH IRA for 2015, however I accidentally filed my 2015 taxes not realizing that I had exceeded the income limits for the year. The other mistake is that I never reported this contribution originally when I filed (an oversight).I recharacterized the entire contribution to the traditional IRA after filing. My question is how to I proceed? Do I need to refile when the ROTH contribution wasnt there the first time around? Thanks in advance. 
Need to know how to print 2013 Tax Returns 
Received Ohio Joint Filing Credit in 2015, but not in 2014 - why?  Now I get a Income Tax Billing Notice Variance relating to the JFC for 2015 - saying I owe the money for the credit.  Both wife and I each made over $500 - is it because our employers are not located in Ohio? 
It says "We are unable to approve your 2015 tax refund as we cannot verify your California state income tax withholding based on the social security number you provided. To approve withholding refunds, we compare SSNs to employment records. To resolve this issue, please complete steps 1 through 4:" and there's this whole big thing that requires copies of "all social security cards, ITIN documents, Forms W-2, Forms 1099, and year-to-date paycheck stubs." I don't have my paystubs! Why is this an issue? TurboTax says that they accepted my return and everything... What should I do? 
i think that i could have gotten a bigger refund if i had used turbo tax, is there anyway that i can see if turbo tax could get me a bigger refund with previous years that i did myself? 
I'm trying to access my still unfiled 2014 taxes 
When I try using one of my 2 email addresses as my user ID the sign-on screen reverts to *another* account I had and does not let me sign in on the valid one.  I get a repeated error message, "User ID already taken*.  Taken, yes, but by me with no way of doing a password reset.Thanks.  I get this error repeatedly so pls don't say, "Try again." 
checked the CRA website for how to calculate the mortgage interest portion shown in the forms but only found that they do not allow this as a deduction??? Is this correct since I have already submitted showing the total annual mortgage interest for the tax year. 
I cant find my information.  Its just gone. 
in 2015 i contributed the full amount to my 2015 Roth IRA and had to recharacterize it due to my salary.  Ended up getting $90 back, and i know that i owe a penalty on the profit?  if it put in $5500, do i enter in $5590  in the "how much you trensferred? 
Get error 190 and have to repurchase state forms (it seems). 
I'm applying for mortgage and I've received my wage and income transcript for 2015 showing only my current employer income however I filled last year taxes including my previous employer and current employer? 
I have the same job that I had last year (making approx $30k gross) and have started my own business on the side of buying/selling things on craigslist.  So far, this year I have a profit of about $2,143 for the small business after deductions.  How do I calculate how much I need to pay for both federal estimated quarterly and state estimated quarterly for mn? 
The Art Grant I received was reported by the non-profit charitable organization on a 1099-MISC box 7 Non-Employee Income. Per the IRS website it's not taxable: https://www.irs.gov/charities-non-profits/private-foundations/grants-to-individuals"Grants to individuals for travel, study, or other similar purposes (including loans made for charitable purposes, and program-related investments) are taxable expenditures, unless the following conditions are met: ... It is shown to the satisfaction of the Service that one of the following requirements is met-- ... c. The grant's purpose is to achieve a specific objective, produce a report or similar product, or improve or enhance a literary, artistic, musical, scientific, teaching, or similar capacity, skill or talent of the grantee." What form do I file to tell the IRS it's not taxable? 
Have been using your product for years to do in home taxes.  I unfortunately wasnt thinking when I went into Walmart and made my product purchase this year.  I picked up the Basic version instead of Standard as I normally buy.  I have already opened the box to install and registered key.Can I purchase and upgrade at the differed price? 
IRS Publication 516 states that I need to include a statement confirming that I live overseas for the 15 June automatic extension. 
Im a part time livestreamer on twitch.tv and I get donations through twitch. My goal is to become full time and earn most of my income through twitch and youtube and partnerships I make from companies. I want to know what it is involved to become a full time self employed independent. Like what kind of tax forms are their how do you tackle retirement plans if youre self employed. How would all of that go for someone with kind of line of work in terms of tax papers and other government forms. 
I want to check I got proper refund. It seems like I messed it up by entering something wrong. 
I have already said I own 50%, would the software apportion 50% of the income, CCA etc. automatically? 
Or will her being covered by her Canadian national health insurance suffice?  I don't want to pay an Affordable Care Act penalty because of this. 
shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2... appears. I've tried multiple cards (all U.S. banks). I am filing from overseas, but nothing I've seen should present a problem. 
Please let me know if I can still file or reimburse me the cost of ordering this product Turbo Tax Deluxe 2012. The information you provided was false if cannot still file for a refund. 
I've done my taxes with Turbotax for years (I want to say the past 5 or 6 years). I didn't pay the extra fee earlier when I was completing my taxes to maintain these records on Turbotax, but am interested now. Is there a way to do this? I'm not seeing it as an option...? 
I am getting an error message when trying to pay using my debit card. it is complaining about the state and zip code length. But I am selecting a state from a drop down and I am using a 5 digit zip code 02115. 
Please help! 
Is keeps saying that it did but it hasn't  Can you place it in the products section Also, I had to pay for it.. I would like that corrected. 
I'm signed on to my Turbo Tax account, but its not letting me upgrade so I can see older tax returns 
efiled and accepted april 3, direct deposit expected, no refund as of june 13! 
I have saved emails from 2009, 2010, 2011 from TurboTax Tax that confirm my filings and that I also logged into turbo Tax each year and saved them online 
It seems like I'm being taxed twice by doing this. 
Need your help contesting the State Dept of Revenue. 
If it cannot wait until I file taxes next year, when do I need to pay and how do I calculate how much? 
The system states that the IRS rejected my return, I paid for it from my debit card and need a copy of my state taxes for 2015 and 2014. It will not let me access them. 
My wife and I filed our 2015 taxes together under my account. She is trying to log onto her account and get her 2014 return and it is telling her she has to pay for it. When she tries to pay for it, it makes her fill out her 2015 taxes. What is up???? 
i'm trying to avoid paying the IRS and waiting 10 business days....when all i need is an online copy in order to forward to my lawyer. i've filed my taxes with turbotax during that whole time, wouldn't they have it in a file somewhere? 
why is the electronic version of entries different than printed version? completed box 206, shows electronically but not on printed version. 
I am a zumba instructor and want to know if I can claim zumba apparel that I wear for class as an advertising deduction?  Can it be considered brand advertising?  Its pretty funky and would never be used as regular everyday clothing.  It would not be considered a uniform since its not mandatory that I wear it.  But it certainly advertises the brand.I teach as an independent contractor (Not W-2). 
Wondering if it has anything to do with Box 26 on the T3 that has Other Income? TurboTax seems to think I have self employment income, but I dont. 
entered a loss from a K1 and not showing up in 1040 
My only payments in 2015 were my down payment, so I'm not sure that I need to file anything home-related for my 2015 taxes.  I am also curious about any tax credits/benefits I might get as a first-time home-buyer in 2015.  Thanks! 
I just need copies of my filed 2015 taxes I'm buying a house and need  a copy sedan it in my email please 
Live in NY if that is relevant. 
turbo tax said because I had filed the taxes on time the error the irs was finding would not effect my filing as i had filed with turbo tax on time. the irs says because the did not accept it until april 30 that now i  am late. how do i find the date i filed with turbo tax? 
I had received a letter from Michigan Department of Treasury, Discovery and Tax Enforcing Division, P.O.30771, Lasing, MI48909, and require me sending the W2 for reviewing. I am waiting for my state refund for 2 months already. I am worry it is a scam. 
I believe our taxes were calculated correctly, this seems like an attempt to get more money out of us when we've already paid what we owed. 
The question has been posted on 6/5/16 at 8:07am . Have not received any response as of 6/12/16 5PM 
how do i get them 
This is a non registered RSP investment 
I have used you for several years 
2015 Taxable Income is $105,703 and Turbo Tax Tax shown is $27,828. Using IRS Tax Table for 2015 computes Tax as $18,013 ($105,703 x .25) - ($8,412) 
This is a pain i have to start over....Ugh not customer friendly at all.  I keep getting the error: Spouses occupation has too many characters but i did not enter it at all.  i am not doing a joint file. 
I used 1040nr-ez to file the tax of 2015, but I have spouse and a child...Will 1040nr help to get more tax return? What should I do now since it's June already...Thanks you! 
proof my children are disable , i worked doing small landscapes, mowing , all diffrent side jobs , can u please find out from irs ... for me 
Do I have to pay taxes on my entire income or only on my winnings in that state? 
I\nentered a Residential Rental Property purchased 9/13/2000 for $48,255\nless $7238 for land=net $41,017 to depreciate.  Turbo tax calculated\n$1491 for depreciation in 2015, but does not calculate the prior\ndepreciation for the years from 2000 to 2014.  How do I fix this? 
I inherited IRAs from each of my parents, took regular distributions for several years, and then took the remainder in a lump sum. Now, several years later, I look back and realize that the totals I got were less than the value of the funds when I inherited them. 
Revenu Quebec wants me to submit forms TPF-1.X-V and TP-1029.TM-V.  They were not part of my file - how do I get these? 
How can I maximize deductions and also avoid paying too much in tax if I will make a base of 240K and bonus of 55K? Any help is appreciated. The harder I work, the more taxes eat into my earnings for my family. 
Im unable to reach Pro Review at the number provided in my invoice. The number no longer answers. How can I reach this service? If it is no longer offered, how can I get a refund on a service Im not able to use? 
The Problem is that turbo tax deluxe doesn't provide a separate form to report this income and I don't see a place to add it? 
I found out that i missed my 1098-T while filing last year tax, can i edit it and how? 
I entered all the details of home costs and the percent of the total space used by my office and the "calculated deduction" that came up was very close to the total running for the entire home!!! Is this software problems??? 
For example, let say I make 100k with Amazon and I decided to open a food truck which cost me 50k in the same year. Can I deduct that 50k from 100k I made from Amazon assuming that I dont make any money from the food truck business?will I end up paying tax only for the other 50k income from Amazon. Thank You and sorry for my English. 
you will be send an email with download info. I am still waiting and waiting, can anyone tell me when I am actually going to get the email I was told a max 24 hour, 
Should I get a new loan on my mortgage if my spouse is deceased and my name is on the deed? 
I am a full-time college student. I started a services business (sole proprietorship). Because it is a services business, there is no inventory and I have kept the expenses low; the main expense has been gas to get to client's houses. I did not pay myself any direct salary but I have been drawing on my business profit  to pay for school tuition, rent, gas, food, and other expenses. I did not have any other income for the year. So, I have no W2. I am confused about what to put on line 7 and line 12 of form 1040. 1. Do I declare what I spent on non-business related (e.g. personal) stuff, that is the tuition, rent, gas, food, etc. as wages and put them on line 7  of 1040?2. And, do I report all of my net profit before these personal expenses (less than $4800) and put it on line 12?3. Or, do I leave the wages as zero and just report line 12? 
Having difficulties paying for tax return despite using a valid credit card 
i have logged in but dont know how to access more than my tax refund it wont show my tax info i entered.. like my yearly income etc, 
In 2016 my wife is 70 and required to start receiving SS ($2215 monthly) and take mandatory withdrawls ($1200-$1500 monthly) from her IRA. How do I use 2015 turbo tax returns to see what my taxes might be without having to enter all of 2015 info plus the new SS benefits and IRA withdraws? 
The IRS website says my return is being processed but Turbo Tax says it was accepted. I filed on January 20th and still haven't received anything. 
I run a small services business, and one of the services that I offer is to a friend who pays me to check his email and mail packages of items he sells on the internet. My friend pays for and provides the inventory, he pays for the shipping costs and the envelopes. All I do is package the item (which are in m garage) and send them out. I do pay for my own gas, printer ink, and shipping tape. My friend pays me by how many items I send out.Last year, my work for him totaled $250 because I started this late in that year.My friend originally asked me to do this when he was out of the country last year (doing a PeaceCorps-like project), but now he is back and living in another part of the state. So, he continues to pay me to do this task.  However, this service for this friend is quite different from my other services which are home maintenance and pet services. Because it is so different from my main services, I wonder if I might actually be either an employee or a statutory employee.Furthermore, my friend did not provide any W-2 nor 1099. He just said for me to report it on my income taxes but was unable to specify where.  He has not taken out any FICA nor other taxes.So, am I an employee and if so, what type?  Then, I assume I must file a second Schedule C for this income.Or, can I add this to my business income as I originally offered it as a service to him even though it is very different from the other services I offer? 
I had a tax deduction for lack of health insurance when I was insured 11 of 12 months out of the year (i.e., less than 3 months).  I'm under the impression I shouldn't have had that deduction taken away.  I have already submitted my 2015 return.  Do I need to amend it to reflect this? 
My husband is military and we are supposed to be moving next month. I filed an injured spouse form about 3 weeks ago and I put my sisters address down as the address to mail the check to since we won't be living here. Well there was a falling out with my sister and I'm worried if the check goes to her that she'll just throw it away. Is there a way I can have it mailed to a different address? 
It says I've paid.  It says all I've got to do is file by mail.  I print file by mail.  Nothing happens. 
I have used turbo tax for my 2015 return. I did it with CD/software. however i want to retrieve 2014 tax return from my timeline, it asked to upgrade. I don't want to upgrade because I have done my 2015 taxes. can i just pay to get my 2014 return? please help me 
doing return from a foreign country, above lines are showing "zero values" so it says CANNOT e-file, but how do I get to these particular lines to see if I can fix something (or are they so, because my entire income is not from US and fully exempt)? 
Do not want overpayment refunded so trying to apply to 2016 but program will not let me. 
I have received the status as  delay in processing your tax return and your expected refund date may have changed.with 1121 code. I filed my returns in January and today is 6/13/2016. It`s like waiting for so long and i dont understand why its taking so long. I have planned a lot on this returns and still didn`t receive them. 
I live in a foreign country. The automatic 2-month extension brings me to June 15 filing deadline. I am now going to mail in Form 4868 to extend further.Part II (Individual Income Tax) on Form 4868 includes:4 Estimate of total tax liability !! How can I estimate this? I only know what tax I owe, and have already paid, on income earned in America. I don't know what percentage of my foreign earned income I owe to the IRS. Therefore I have just written down how much I owed (line 4) and how much I've already paid (line 5) for my income earned in USA. I am also planning on taking the foreign income exclusion, because I will qualify by June 20, 2016. 
I would have three sources of retirement income; Quebec Basic Retirement Plan for my wife and I, RESP and Quebec Provincial pension.  In what fields do I put the numbers in order to get an approximate model of tax to pay?  Thanks. 
See above 
Need to know if I need to file estimates so can use early software and let updates take place balance of year 
I earned all my money outside of the US.  How do I file the 2555 or 2555-EZ form using TurboTax? 
I amended my taxes and have not yet received my refund, and I need to view my amended tax form. 
thank you for your help. 
if I could speak to a representative that would be great my number is [remove] 
how can I find 2015 return lost off computer was e filed 
I use my credit card to pay for two standard tax online forms.I hit the button twice for payment. How do l get my money back? 
How can I get copies? 
I need a copy of my 2013 and 2014 returns to print. 
I had to paper file my federal tax returns along with my wife's ITIN application. Now I printed out state tax returns from Turbotax and was going to mail them. Then, on the first page, Turbotax gave me a statement "New York State requires this income tax return to be filed electronically" ... what should I do now? 
it only prints the first 19 pages but my other years have 141 pages 
I need to talk to a person because my college needs my 2015 taxes for school. 
Filing late state and federal returns for 2013, 2014 and 2015.  For each year, I will be due refunds which will be applied as estimated taxes for period 1 of the following year.  Am I correct in thinking the refunds, though applied to the following year, are not reportable as income until I receive the associated 1099-Gs in January 2017 (reportable TY2016)?  After all, that would be the case if I chose to receive cash back, rather than applying it to the following years payments.  They are being applied to the following year to reduce interest on the underpayment of estimated taxes.Seems like TurboTax is reporting the refunds as taxable the following year, as they likely would have been had I filed on time - do I need to override and enter zero as the state tax refunds until I receive the 1099Gs in Jan 2017? 
I need a call back ASAP from you all  [remove] 
How much does turbo tax charges to file taxes 
I received an email stating you were going to take funds from my checking account.  I did not authorize you to take money from my account.  What i did authorize was funds be taken from my tax return.  I believe it is illegal to take funds from my account without my authorization. 
Why am I being charged to file my federal refund? 
I can't figure out how to send a simple email to customer support. 
I received a 1095-C, do I need to amend my 2015 taxes or can I include this with next years filing? 
Do I need to amend my 2015 taxes or can I include the 1099-C in next years taxes? 
Because I sent what they requested from my employer, I was then told they had no record of that employer. They have yet to acknowledge a 1098-T. Closed this case without even looking - I sent proof of car ownership (not that it's not in database) nope - not my car bc my daughter or husband (joint return and legal dependent) is on the receipt for oil change. I have given all they requested and NOT received due process (probably bc they requested about 500 pages of stuff including proof to prove the initial proof - then laziness didn't want to look at all that) WHAT CAN I DO TO MAKE SOMEONE WITH AUTHORITY CHECK THIS IRS AGENT COMPETENCE OR WILLINGNESS TO WORK FAIRLY WITHOUT DISCRIMINATION, ABUSE OF A SYSTEM? 
Hello, I need to calculate my 2015 GROSS income (not AGI - adjusted gross income) using my W2 and/or 1040EZ. My understanding is that my GROSS income would be my AGI plus my 401k deferments/deductions, and my health insurance premiums that were also deducted pre-tax.401k deferments are listed in box 12a, using code D. But where is health insurance deductions? This is the last number I need to calculate my gross income from last year. 
I dont know how to get Franchise Tax Board to understand they made a mistake. 
Im trying to get approved for a loan, but they require these documents.  Im unsure how to gain access to them. 
IRS says status pending on refund (turned in and accepted on April 15th). IRS just sends me through an automated response that says it's pending. Turbo tax help line says to contact the IRS. Not sure what to do... Also, Turbo Tax is about to hit us with a $90 charge Friday due to the extended time line. 
I need this for[remove names] 
Here is the link to the letter that I have received, https://imgur.com/o9KCbUt 
I've been getting this error: shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14;Any thoughts? 
I have a T4A-NR form showing gross income and Canadian taxes paid.  I'm looking for a refund as I already did my federal US taxes and paid them on this income.  I need access to forms T1 2015, Schedule A, Schedule B and Schedule S. 
the act of offering of a dishonest service to solve a problem that wouldn't otherwise exist without the enterprise offering the service 
I am interested in setting up a business as an independent contractor in FL where I will have instate and out-of-state clients. Would the business that I conduct outside of FL be taxed by those states or would all business income be taxed only by FL and only have to pay FL taxes? Would I also have to pay for ex. GA income taxes on the income if there is pass through? What classifies out of state work? 
I was asked to pay for both state and federal plus the additional charge for you to represent me should there be a problem. There was a problem and when I called I was given a run around and not offered help with the IRS. I should not have to pay for federal return because it is free with the state return being charged and the $60 fee for your representing me with the IRS which you did not do.  I went to the IRS alone without any guidance from you or your representative.  I went to the IRS alone and paid them the amount I found due when I re-did my taxes.  You messed up and I dont think I should be responsible for any fees due you.jim 
My home state is Missouri, although I have not lived there since 2013. However, I did receive 1099 dividends (a small amount) in 2015. 
I work as an Owner Operator for an  RV Transport Company, taxes are not taken out.  I receive a Settlement Sheet after each trip showing what income is taxable and not taxable.  Is there a program I can use to help me manage my taxes, expenses etc? 
Clearly stated 
The letter I received is at home, but it stated to get a hold of someone regarding the taxes.  My computer is not working currently at home, but I had a few moments at work to write in regards to the letter. 
where to send return? wa? 
\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nI am the administrator of an estate for which I need to file\ntwo years worth of taxes. Because the estate was in litigation, there was a\nlarge legal fees expense during the first tax year and hardly any during the\nsecond tax year. Conversely, there was little income during the first tax year\nand a $40k capital gains income the second year after selling stock to\ndistribute to the beneficiaries.  I have\nthe following questions: Can legal fees be considered final year deductions?\nAlternatively, can the excess of legal fee losses from one tax year be\ntransferred to the following year? I need to close out the estate account and I\nwould be grateful for any advice. 
We need to change line 64  reduce the amount by  $1,000.00 , we also need to change line 65 from 0 to $1,000.00 to reflect the estimated tax payments made. Line 64 was submitted with both witholded and estimated tax payments. 
In attempting to geet my 2014 return, the website said I would need to pay first. Following that link, I found myself filling out information on a new return. Now, if I attempt to go to my previous returns, I get redirected to the current return and cant get around it.. 
I live in Israel- what can I do to file an extension? 
How do I pay my fee since my federal check was garnished? 
cc ending in 5243 please confirm 
I'm on a OPT work-permit. Medicare and social security tax taken away from my paycheck from my employer, but I recently found out that they shouldn't have done that. How do I get reimbursed for 2015? 
Is it possible to file my return online at this time? 
I've been withholding an estimated amount each paycheck and keeping it in a separate bank account. I've never been in a situation where my employers didn't withhold it for me so I'm kind of at a loss. 
After creating the amended return (in TurboTax), and saving the file and printing it, I mailed it the day after I did the e-filing.I have the file as an acrobat file, but TurboTax doesn't seem to 'remember' doing the amendment. 
Homestay for a 16 year old student from China for school year 2015-2016. 
probably used my moms email address, but diferent user id and password 
I filed and got my return already 
I just leased a piece of equipment under an LLC that I am now going to dissolve.I am going to form another LLC, and would like to use this piece of equipment for this new LLC, but I have not formed the LLC yet. Since I have not claimed any use or operation of the equipment on the current LLC, can I transfer this piece of equipment over to my new LLC and fully deduct its expense once I form the LLC? I hear things about Section 179, being able to fully deduct the equipment, but can this apply if I obtained this lease prior to forming my new LLC?Lease terms:FMV 10%, 4 year lease, 10% down at the start. If you need more information to get me to an answer, or I need to do a better job at explaining, please ask. Thanks. 
Its now saying that I owe $161 and my 1095-A was revised and some of the information is doubled. 
I want my money back. My parents' tax guy messed up and put my ssn on their tax return. They mailed the paperwork to get it fixed long before the ending of tax season. Well I tried to file my taxes through turbotax and it kept getting rejected. I file it through the mail and have NO issues what so ever. So now I paid $100 for a headache and a big mess. 
I work full time (W-2) and my wife works as self-employed. We want to pay estimated quarterly taxes for her self-employment, but we are not sure how to do this. Last year, we filed jointly, but she was not working at that time.When we have to pay quarterly estimated taxes, we have to fill the 1040-ES form. In that form we have to include her and my information (name, SSN), as there are two separate fields for this. These estimated taxes are from her self-employment (my employer withholds my taxes in every paycheck). My questions are:- Regardless of this payment being related to her self-employment, can/should I add my name first in the 1040-ES form? This is the way we have filed before (me as the primary, and her as the spouse)- I am planning to pay this by check, should I include my or her SSN in the check (or both).Thanks 
I used money I got from my 401k to do it 
Call me [PII Removed] 
if you can tell me which pages I need to print of the 113 that will work.  I don't want to print 113 pages if at all possible... 
how can I review my enters in my 2014 taxes 
my name on the 2013 was  instead of just (what I had them change it to this tax year).(Personal info removed) 
I had to amend my tax return and ended up owing money. Is there any way to make monthly payments as opposed to lump sum like when you file originally? Do I have to contact the IRS for this? 
hi there, i have 2 credit card charges re- turbo taxes. i believe i should only have one. can you please clarify? 
My return I printed online says that my return was rejected & also only shows 3 W-2s total. But when I go to amend my return and add a W-2, it says they are all uploaded? So I can't add it? If they are all online then why didn't it show all my W'2's on my return? ALSO - why is there a page  in the PDF return document that says my return was rejected, but then online it says both state and federal were accepted? Please help me out here.Thanks 
It was accepted around Feb. 15th. 
Just need to print them out for a loan 
I appreciate your help. 
reporting income and t4oas ans t4p  but the profile list isn't providing the option to select those two.  using home and business...do i need to upgrade again? 
I need to clear and start over. I had to file an extension at the last minute because my grandmother passed away on April 11th. Since that was a very busy and emotional time I want to start over and have both my husband and myself file our taxes together. Can you please reset my account. 
T$A Box 18 $6786.90  T4A(P) Box 20 $8097.72 T4RIF Box 16 $20408.65  Total $37,293.27BUT Pension Income on Summary is $46,723.27  This is $9,430.00 too much 
It's like I never filled out the return, even though I already have 
I live abroad and didn't have to file my taxes until after the regular deadline. However, I did make a estimated deposit at that time.  Now, I haven't mentioned this anywhere on TurboTax or in my tax file.... where should I have done this? 
I'm trying to fine my tax paper with y'all I fail  year I thought I had printed them but the copies was able to read it 
I can't find the letter. 
The turbo tax website says we did no use turbo tax for that year. 
My sons earned income was $624. His unearned income was $551.Can I claim my sons standard deduction (instead of his itemized deductions) if my wife and I itemize our deductions? 
My daughter was not employed in2015 and therefore were no earnings. 
I live overseas, full time, and have done so for many years.  I pay child care costs to a nanny.  She is local and does not have ITIN or SS number.  Are these costs deductable? 
I thought I was e-filed in April I was waiting for refund. Found out different. What do I do now that I just sent it in 
All my artwork is consigned at a gallery. Do I need to do an inventory or does that gallery do an inventory? 
My son must submit my return for fafsa verification. I have 3 w2 forms 2 are mine and the other is his. I filed all 3 on my tax return and now the school tells me I cannot put his w2 on my return and I must amend in order to fix the error. How do I go about doing this, or is it even necessary? 
Alternatively, how can I print the return and send it via snail mail? 
I took all the steps and requested that it be applied but program ignored my request. 
Originally got a letter from the IRS stating that I needed to send an 8962 with ONLY pg. 2 of my updated return; NOT a 1040x. I did this. They then sent ANOTHER letter, stating that I needed to send my newly updated 1040 and documents supporting it, but they still dont want a 1040x from me. I called and spoke with an IRS rep, who confirmed all this, but Im worried that this is incorrect, I shouldve sent in a 1040x or copies of my W2s, etc. Has anyone else had this problem? Would love to hear if you got your 2015 return! :( 
I had a tax preparer do my tax extension for 2015 because I wasnt sure how to calculate my capital gains.  The tax preparer hasnt been that great, so I want to complete the tax return myself now that I understand how to report the capital gains.Can I complete my return myself on turbotax instead of using the tax preparer? 
2015 tax return 
Student in 2015 but not studying in 2016. 
The notice is CP11.  Looks like it is questioning line 71?  I don't quite understand as I have used Turbo Tax for years and have completed the Turbo Tax audit for any miscalculation. 
I don't know how to find the right files 
Need to speak to a customer service representative 
My dependant that I claimed was doing the whole turbotax bit for me herself. Something was feeling odd and it was taking to long, so I logged in and started checking things out. Turns out she had done everything but sign them and send them on in. I am not very patient I don't guess, so I said screw it and went through every single thing to make sure it was correct. I even took the liberty to change all the info to mine. From being sent to her at the address we were staying at, at the time, to being sent to me at my parents address. Put MY passwords, MY phone #, MY email, MY backup email, so forth and so on. I've still not received a single anything from anybody about it. Other than what I filled out to initially register and sign up for the card online then I have never did anymore than that. Now I cant log into my netspend acct. I cant even verify that I am me with them over the phone. What can I do to get my refund back, if anything? 
just want to find out what is going on 
I filed 2014 late so I had to use the desktop version. In order to download the 2014 desktop version - I was required begin and pay for the 2015 version (which I did online). Now I want to start 2015 taxes, but it wont let me upload the 2014 information because I already paid (?!)... I assume if I switch to desktop for 2015 it will be easier - but not clear how to do that either... Thanks for your help. D 
i need to file 2555 but it does not show in premier version. 
Can't i do it for free? 
If any one could help me I just need to print off a copy of my tax return to try to get pre approved for a mortgage. 
The returns were on my computer which was stolen in a home robbery.  I am trying to get a mortgage and they need them. 
The timeline doesn't have my prior years returns 
reason is because a baby is due in the fall and purchasing solar panels that the government is offering 30% back in a refund 
we paid both NY and VA taxes because we live in VA but my  husband worked a portion of the year in NY 
I need to access my 2014 return but it's not an option in my tax timeline. How can I print a copy? 
I am living and working abroad.  Every month, taxes are withheld from my paycheck and paid to my host country.  My question is if the amount that is withheld and paid to my host country's tax system, as well as Social Security system, is to be added in Box 2 of the Income & Taxes withheld section of my W2.  Is this correct? 
Each year I have used the product, after entering the transaction in one spouse it has asked to copy to the other spouse.  I did not see the question this year nor can I find how to effect the transfer. 
I am logged into my Turbo Tax account and I can print off my 2013 & 2014 tax return but not my 2015 for some reason.Any help appreciated. 
I need to add another partial year state and need to know if I have to pay again through Turbo Tax. 
Need to add my total income and taxes taken out.  Missed that step. 
I am required to send manually because of a lump sum retro active payment.  Turbotax has printed the condensed form to send, what other documents need to be sent? 
I received a letter for the Commonwealth of Va stating they need a documentation showing I paid Maryland taxes.  I cannot find the documentation in my Turbo tax file.  What do I need to do to get a copy? 
How much would the tax be? and How can I avoid the tax?Thanks,Russ 
I do some of the work at home (video editing)It is a temporary work location (end of May through the beginning of July) 
Is this OK? It was identified when I was going through the review before filing. 
I have recently had a change in my self employment income resulting in no longer needing to pay estimated taxes for the rest of the year.  I've already paid the first installment, and want to know if I need to file an amended return. 
At my graduation this year the NYS governor spoke and mentioned that if your family makes less than $200,000 a year, you can get a $2,500 refund from your tuition.  I also believe he mentioned that you can claim this fund from up to 5 years previously.  How can I get this refund from my previous years attending school? 
i need our 1040 tax paper for medical purposes 
Filled my taxpapers months ago,still havent received my refunds. One of them was considered undeliverable,at the other one the papers wasnt even received by the state (Colorado), no other information. 
I am not getting the right figure and can't understand why. 
Should I be filing paperwork quarterly even though I have never made a profit on the rental house? 
I am a consultant originally from IL and for the past 6 months I have been leasing a apartment in Texas. I have no lease or property in IL i usually go and visit my parents and stay with them. Should I change my drivers license and plates to TX and file for taxes here? Will it save me money? 
Planning on moving in future . Retired nyc  correction and ss income .moving to Ga . Will I have to pay federal taxes /state taxes. Pension income 65000 ss income 17000 . Email[edited personal information] 
The only options to up grade are the top two (most expensive) options. 
The deduction on my Schedule A is incorrect.  You deducted 10% of my adjusted gross income, instead of 7.5%. 
My wife and I got married in 2015. I have been supporting her and her child ever since. 
I received a settlement 2 years ago from my previous employer for discrimination. I paid my taxes on the amount received, which is not an issue. The issue is that the IRS is saying that my earned income for that year was $2,000.00 over the max amount in my bracket, and I didnt qualify for the EIC. Therefore, the IRS is now sending my a demand for over $7,000. I believe that the settlement funds were not actually earned income like wages, therefore, they should not be counted towards the EIC. Example: If I had not work at all that year, and I only received that settlement, I would not have been entitled to the EIC at all. I need to know if I am correct, should I hire an Attorney or should I dispute their demand on my own? Thank you! 
I used turbo tax back in February. now im ready to pay the amount owed. can i do this with turbo tax? 
Bought Deluxe from Amazon. Your tech people gave me fresh Deluxe and Premier downloads. No help. Uninstalled and reinstalled half a dozen times. Forms are A, B, D. 1040 and 8949. Help 
I need it to send to my lender for buying a house. 
My son is 16 and won $400 in an entrepreneur competition at school.  He doesnt have a part time job at this time, so there is no other income to report. He didnt have to turn in a W-9 or any other paperwork to the school.  He has a check made out in his name.  He would like to put it into a Roth account.  I am trying to find out if it qualifies as earned income for a Roth.  Thanks! 
I spoke with an Injured Spouse rep and she said a 1 digit mistake was made which caused our refund to be on "hold". She fixed the mistake and I assume the processing will now continue, but how much longer will I have to wait? 3 months seems pretty long AFTER adjustments were already made... 
shippingInfoModel.zip(value: ) size must be between 2 and 14; shippingInfoModel.state(value: ) size must be between 2 and 2; 
I am a permanent resident of Norway but a US citizen. My employer is Norwegian and thus I don't have a W-2. How do I report my income and the taxes I paid to Norway? 
my 2014 efile got rejected and i need to file it but cant find it i see where i was charged for it but i can not find it anywhere. How can  i get a copy to the IRS ASAP 
I just went to get a copy of my certified marriage certificate and I was told my marriage was never recorded I filed my taxes married filing jointly based on my wedding date of 11/21/2015? 
I cannot talk to a representative as they only call back to U.S. phone numbers! 
I have purchased Turbo Tax and used it for the last 10 years.  I do my own taxes so I do not have a tax advisor.  I have a new situation with a 401k Loan.  My 401k Loan of $41,000 will default on 6/30/16.  I want to go to the IRS site and make a payment for $8,200 or 20% since I know it will probably generate approximately $41,000 more Income in 2016 than in 2017.  Is that the correct thing to do to avoid a large penalty? 
The deadline is tomorrow, and I see from the IRC website I can e-file an extension through TurboTax- how do I do this? 
House bought at auction should have have been put under the business name in the beginning but was not. After remodeling we are selling the house. Remodel, acquisition, and holding costs were paid for by our business. If possible, would like to move the income from the sale to the business as it paid for those costs. 
More than 21 days since I filed. 
taxes already filed and can't get back to print center 
I need a copy of my 2014 tax return so that we can buy a new house.  Your website cannot find it but I filed through Turbo tax.  Please help.  I need it ASAP 
Filing for UI, and need gross amounts 
need to do this today 
Is there a problem with the Montana Turbo Tax Software? 
I currently reside and work in the UK but am an American Citizen.  I have self-employment income but pay into the UKs equivalent of social security.  The US has a Totalization agreement with the UK that exempts self-employment income earned in the UK from US social security taxes (see link below) if I pay into the UK social security program (to avoid paying social security taxes twice on the same income).  When I complete the section for the Foreign Earned Income exclusion TurboTax is still calculating social security tax on the income and I am not aware of a way to exclude it.   Any help is appreciated.                                                                                                                       https://www.ssa.gov/international/agreements_overview.html#&a0=3 
I have a rollover IRA account at Vanguard from a 401 K plan that was discontinued. I am 76 years old and still working for the company that created the plan. Am I required to make an RMD from that companys now discontinued rollover account? It greatly increases my taxable income. 
I moved across the country (more than 40km) in September 2014 for work and claimed it for my 2014 return. However, I had one small shipment moved in 2015 so Im claiming that expense for my 2015 return.My question is, for where Im supposed to put my income at my new job, do I put my 2014 income there, or my 2015 income? Theyre substantially different. 
If we do not attend these mandatory meetings and trainings, they also will charge us for not attending. 
I have 82 pages that I can barely read/make sense of, but no idea how to actually go back & file for 2014--can I efile or will it be all by mail now? 
(I had to remove it because my -ex claimed him)  I zeroed it out in every entry screen.  I need the form to update! It was e-filed, and rejected, but forms should still update. 
I don't have investments or retirement accounts or anything of that nature. 
Currently unemployed Still have tax liability from 08 and 09. Tried to ammendment 08 and 09, but got declined because these tax years were older than 3 years. 08 and 09 taxes were filed incorrectly 
instead of 17797.52 which is my income  the tax summary for my income is doubled to 35000.00+  how can i change  it back to correct amount of 17797.52 
I am getting a substantial relocation assistance from my landlord for a no- cause eviction (rent control area).Is this considered taxable income ? Does the landlord have to file a 1099 ? I cannot find any information on the IRS website that addresses this issue. 
The site is requesting a Payer's federal EIN, and I do not have one. TurboTax is also asking for a  NY State Tax Exempt Code. I don't have to pay NYS taxes since I'm in the military and stationed outside NYS. How can I file my 2015 return? 
In the review i get the message, "Schedule E Worksheet (Calle San Mateo 14, 1 Izq) -- Asset Entry Worksheet (City Center): Home Sale Worksheet Link should be blank. Assets with disposition losses cannot be linked to the Home Sale Worksheet." How do I edit the schedule e worksheet? I cannot find any way to get to it for editing. 
Rvision : Erreursla case A de votre relev 31 comporte 15 caractres.ImptRapide 2015 accepter seulement 13 caractres ! Comment puis-je corriger cette erreur ? 
How do I begin amending my 2015 taxes, using Schedule E instead of Form 4835? 
I received a refund of $1651 from California State which was not indicated.  May be mistake on return. 
The IRS is claiming I owe back taxes from 2014 because I failed to report a W-2.  I am refuting this because I have already paid taxes on the income.  They are asking for a 1040X with my response.  What Turbo Tax program can I use to create a 1040X? 
I filled my taxes back in February and on the NYS website it says it in final stages of processing . It has said that since February. 
I work as a self-employed photographer and mostly from my home office/studio, and will be continuing that in my new location. I am moving because there are more job opportunities and networking in my field in the new location. 
I worked for TurboTax for the 2015tax season and had received an email with the deluxe was free. but when I did my taxes I was charged. I want to know if I can get the charged removed from my account? 
I plan to get married this fall to an Iowa resident.  However, Ill continue to work in South Dakota and maintain a home in South Dakota, traveling to Iowa on weekends to see my spouse.  There are also no children yet, but there probably will be in the future.  Will I need to pay state income tax to Iowa? 
I am able to download my 2014 and 2013 tax return but not my 2016... There is no option to do so. 
I sent my tax reruns by Turbo tax in Feb 2016 and received a rejection letter the following month asking me to fix the problem. Later I submitted my returns for 2015 by mail on 03/15/2016 coz I had identity fraud. The Austin, TX office replied stating there was no further info required at this time. I never any other communication from them ever since. I tried the web, where is my refund but the system said the info was incorrect. I tried to call but the automated system was not helpful either. (removed tax return)I am stuck and have no idea what to do and wonder if they IRS will ever respond and send my income tax refund. They are very hard to get hold of and seem unconcerned yet I am trying to do the right thing on time. Kindly assist. 
The w2's were all uploaded electronically from our employers 
Turbo-Tax 2015 does not show my 2014 Foreign Income from TT2014 (but did import all other info).  More critically, it won't show my 2015 foreign earned income.  As a result, I cannot claim the Foreign Tax Credit nor the child credit. I am stuck. 
I have to file two 2555 Forms, as I work for two different companies abroad.  I followed the steps to file the foreign income, but I can't see if both were accepted.  Is there anyway to view which one has or has not been created? For example with W2, it shows you the name of the company, the salary, etc.  - does that exist to have an overview of the Form 2555? 
how to file 2014 state taxes in 2016 - federal form was filed timely 
Submitted State and Federal returns, by mail, in early April. (Mail submission required by IRS because or fraudulent return submitted in my name,earlier in year) I received State refund in about three weeks, but have not received Federal refund as yet. 
can I take off 2015 tax withholdings on 2016 taxes? 
I'd like to add that I live outside of America so I have both earned income and passive income.  I spent several months working in the UK last year as well and I left before the higher tax brackets kicked in so perhaps the US thinks that I wasn't taxed enough? Would it be that the exclusion just literally excludes all that income and doesn't care what I was taxed but the credit judges taxation on US standards? I'm not sure I want to use exclusion because It is my impression that if I use it this year and then elect no to next year because I am in the states for part of the year I lose the ability to use it for several years? thanks! 
My daughter worked hard to get scholarships for a major in physics and now she will not have here scholarships for her 3rd year as my return is still being processed 
I already paid my federal taxes!!!! Looks like when I was on the phone with a rep this morning trying to fix some things on my account, it's showing that I owe the money all over again??? I already paid this amount. He also had me delete a file for an amended return because it turns out I didn't have to amend it, but when i print the copy of my 2015 returns it's not the 1040ez its 1040X (amended return) etc. Im just so confused and need this to be fixed. I am not paying another $619 
want to see return I filed  for 2015 
why i am charged 94 dollars and deluxe is only 54 
Should I make amendment now or get tax return for the Foreign tax credit next year? 
I qualified for the EIC and mailed all the forms in around the end of May.  It stated I would get almost $2300.00, can you please give me an update.Thank youTraci D____ 
I had coverage the whole year at one point I had two insurances one through my job and the other through Obama care reform. My work would not unenroll me so I paid 2. Why was I penalised? 
FYI, I live in FL & there is no state income taxes. Part of the year, I paid taxes in KY as I used to live there. 
I am overseas and I need to get a hold of my 2015 tax return and my W2. I was wondering if it was available via TurboTax as I filed through TurboTax. 
I entered foreign\nemployment income in the Federal Foreign Slip screen, but field 94 of the\nQuebec Tax Return If you held employment outside Canada, check this box\nis not being filled.  When I manually\ntick this box it is considered an override. \nThis did not occur when I completed my 2014 Return.  What must I do? 
My premiums didn't change in price but are now post tax. Can I deduct this ? Or a portion ? Doesn't seem worth the money after tax 
I want to to do my taxes bi-yearly for my small business. How can I do this? Your program wants me to start in 2015. 
I had a different log in however I did file my 2014 taxes.  Fedral was denied and State was accepted know I can not see it.  Where is it? 
My deadline to get this information is June 30 
I inherited an ira in December of 2015.  I plan on closing the account soon and would like to know how much income tax I should have withheld 
Correction doubles the employer contribution amount on form 3903, inflating my tax bill.  I believe this is a glitch in the turbo tax software. 
My previous employer closed all of their retirement accounts.  I received a distribution check for my Roth 401k.  I didnt realize that there was a check in the envelope; just assumed it was another monthly statement.  I missed the 60 day window to rollover without penalty.If I decided to keep the money and not roll it into a Roth IRA, what would my penalty be?  Ive had the plan for more than five years, but Im under 50yrs old. 
THAT YOU TOOK THE 2ND TIME...AND LOAD MY 2015 TAXES UP. IM DONE WITH YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am a freelance editor. In addition to royalties, I receive copies of the books I edit. I usually donate these to libraries and schools. If I claim these gifts as charitable contributions, do I have to declare the value of the books as taxable income? (The publisher does not report the books as income). 
I need to talk to a person for help using TT. 
I filed my 2014 taxes with you in 2014 and I need a copy of it. I have the confirmation email but I can't get it on your page. 
I have verified through my email, the account I submitted my form on was this account [Removed]. My email also says that you received the return and the return was accepted. I am still unable to see on my tax timeline on this. please help me 
Tried to pay and file return but not allowing me to do so. I'm current residing in China thus would need this to be fixed for me to file return on time. Please advise 
I cant get into cra acct. I enter sin number and it says error 
Jai besoin de rcuprer ma dclaration de 2004 pour une rvision.Jai installe lapplication  partir dun CD; jai utilis mon code dinstallation et linstallation a russi.Cependant lorsque je tente dutiliser Impot Rapide 2004, on me demande un code dutilisateur que je ne peux certifier tre correct. Jai en main: mon code dinstallation, mon code interne et un code dutilisateur probablement erron. Lorsque jutilise mon code dutilisateur, on mindique quil est invalide.Comment puis-je my prendre pour utilser cette version 2004 que je me suis procure par Internet et dont le numro de facture est 1059349637.Merci, 
I have medcial receipts for my child I would like to file, but how to I add her so she comes up in the drag down box for selecting who its for?? 
Im stuck in the Easystep process when filling information for companies working for my appartments (TP-1086). I have 3 more buildings to enter but software bugs. I try to uncheck 3 checkboxes at the top and associated fields but when I click Suivant, attached picture shows what I get. 
Alberta political contribution tax credit is being credited under the wrong spouse. I checked under donations and it is being listed under the correct spouse there but on the provincial form it is under mine, which is wrong. How can I fix this? 
\n\nHi There I live in Vancouver, BC Canada and have received my\nManulife Bank Investment Loan Statement. I do know that I have to enter this\ninformation on S4: Statement of Interest Income in Turbotax (Canadian version).\nHowever, Im really not sure what information from the investment loan\nstatement I am to use and under which section in Turbotax I am suppose to enter\nthe information under. (ie: Do I enter it under the section Interest\nexpenses and carrying charges which states to enter the total interest I\npaid on money borrowed if Im using the money to earn investment income (which\nI am). Subheadings under this section are: (1) Interest Paid and (2) Interest\nPaid to acquire a partnership. The next subheading is Enter the total carrying\ncharges you paid in 2015 (3) Accounting fees, (4) Management or safe custody\nfees, (5) Investment counsel fees, (6) Other (specify), and (7) Amount.  Could you please advise?  Thank you in advance for your assistance.\n\n 
I'm using the turbo tax on line free version .When at the step of ' review' when i click on ' open Pdf copy ' ? it started to process and goes on forever and never returned anything . 
I believe I saw a page listing recent connections to my TurboTax account that indicated their city and/or country of origin. 
My wife and I seperated June 2015 why is it asking me for her SIN, Line 236, Line 117 & Line 213.  June 2015 is over the 90 days.If I do not enter this info I am in a refund situation.  As soon as I enter it I owe. 
Employed by an employment agency. Where on the form do I fill in information? 
Vue que jai envoy le tout  lARC via ImpotRapide je me demande bien comment accder a mon compte, je nai fiat aucun identifiant ou mot de passe... comment faire pour lire les messages de mon compte de lARC du coup ? 
I sold my residence, there are no capital gains to declare so do i have to say ive sold a property? 
The Securities WERE registered, but never gained any value. A French couple at the helm embezzled all. 
Its simple I need to resubmit my previously submitted return. 
I sold the home in the same year and i dont want to be penalized for selling it the same year i received the credit. 
The income from OAS $ 6,786.90 has been entered twice on the Total Income Summary.  The entry under Other Income needs to be deleted from my 2015 return.  How can this be accomplished? 
Turbo tax automatically enter an amount on line 317 which I am not entitled to how do I remove it? 
I sent in my completed taxes in late February. I recieved my tax return of app. $400. I just came back on this site to check out the forms to print it and now it says I OWE $300 something dollars. What is going on? 
\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen I fill in my donations, Turbotax just gives me less credit for my foreign tax paid. This is inefficient, because I cant carry the foreign tax paid forward. The non used foreign tax paid I know I can deduct at Other Deductions (Line 232) but not if too much of my donations is already claimed. How to balance these three?the way it is set up now I pay tax unnecessarily.These calculations can be programmed. That is what I expect the program to do, not me. 
Every time I Log in to my Turbo Tax account My account logs on whitout my entering my password. This is a Security Breach 
Veuillez prendre connaissance du ou des messages suivants. Apportez ensuite les corrections ncessaires  votre dclaration, puis transmettez-la de nouveau. Vous devez inscrire un montant  la ligne 415, car vous avez inscrit un montant  la ligne 128. De plus, le montant inscrit  la ligne 415 ne doit pas dpasser le rsultat du calcul suivant : multipliez par 16,422 % le montant rel des dividendes dtermins inscrit  la ligne 166; multipliez par 8,319 % le montant rel des dividendes ordinaires inscrit  la ligne 167; additionnez les deux rsultats obtenus. (T3H00128) Vous avez besoin de renseignements? Communiquez avec le Service daide ImptNet Qubec. (T3Z00004) I 
The trust holding the 401K had issued me a cheque in 2015 and withheld 15% tax as reported on the 1042-S.  I understand it funds should be taxable to the extent of what would be taxable in Canada but since the initial investment was made as a non-resident of Canada, I cant see how I would be taxed anything additional on this amount.  Do I need to file this transaction on my Canadian taxes? 
<begin rant> every other intuit product has save as pdf except this one.  WTF?  you spend hundreds of $$$, and no improvements?  Am i the *only* person using Turbotax Biz Incorporated that wants to save as PDF? </rant> Plus:  you should add pdf as one of the dropdown choices in the Add tags dropdown. 
As above, I do not feel confident that Turbo Tax is handling my separate incomes in a manner consistent with their independent tax states. Both data entry and review are my primary concerns. 
I tried to access my turbo tax pdf file but could not get it.  I can access my CRA return but I want to have the turbo tax file on my computer as well. 
It was submitted  April 25 
Have I submitted my texts incorrectly? Will I not receive it now that the dead line has passed? 
I don't have the activation code cause I thought my logon ID would be enough - I don't understand why it cost me 22.00 each time my daughter and  I want to file a return. 
I don't have the activation code cause I thought my logon ID would be enough - I don't understand why it cost me 22.00 each time my daughter and  I want to file a return. 
Searching: How do I change from Home and Business to a standard program? I have already filled out all the information and would like to transfer it a standard account? 
Id like to talk to a specialist re importing last year taxes from Turbo Tax into 2015 Turbo Tax 
filing 2013 - I am filing trying to netfile my daughters 2013 tax return in order to file 2014 then 2015, she is a new filer and turns out should have filed in 13, 14 to get some small refunds. When I netfiled using 2013 standard turbotax, CRA would not accept it, msg was  The information sent to the Canada Revenue Agency doesnt match the information currently on record.   The only information on her would be as a dependent on her parents return (thats me) and Im pretty sure there are no inconsistencies.....This was the first return ever submitted for her.  Why has CRA not accepted this return? 
There is an amount on line 350 of my spouses return. 
If information from my T5008 slips were imported directly from the Cra website, but I also entered this information in the Capital Gains Summary section, would this have resulted in me reporting my Capital gains twice? 
When I tried to override the program, it wouldnt let me, and yet I had put my grandson in where child dependents go.  Is this a glitch or am I doing something wrong.  Hopefully CRA will find the error. 
Someone was to get back to me but I have as yet not heard anything.  You have already received payment for the program and I am now overdue on my tax return. 
How long does it take to receive my tax returns in the post? 
I need to revisit my previous income tax reports.All my tax files are stored on my PC and I need to print previous reports that not saved in a PDF format.Is there a reader that can allow to read these tax files created/generated under Windows XP? Note that my PC currently runs with Win 10. 
When I try to add for my first child, it brings me up a warning that I have to remove the eligible dependent. 
Do you know if the T4 is correct, or should they have subtracted the amount in box 77 from the salary? Thanks. 
Im wondering if I can file for 2014 and 2013 tax years using this version. 
Received a Mortgage Interest statement form 1098 for a timeshare we have in the states. Mortgage interest received from payer is for example $4000.00 USD (box 1 on the 1098) and Principal Balance as of year end is $23 000 (in box 5). Where do I enter this information in Turbotax.ca and which boxes in Turbotax are we suppose to use? Please note that we own the timeshare based on credits and that we borrowed a loan from them in order to obtain more credits....(dont get me started...we are trying to get out of this situation). Please assist. Thank you! 
I waited for two months for my return just to learn that my return was never submitted.  In the process of using turbo tax I misunderstood the ending filing process due to clarity issues in the program.  I am now worried that I will not receive my return or be penalized for it. 
A different Q&A thread on this issue: "You are claiming an amount for an eligible dependant. Please confirm that the dependant's net income is zero." asked me to contact an agent. Twice now and still no resolution. I've filed my tax with identical information in previous years and I don't know what the issue is 
I efiled my daughters 2014 taxes on jan 31 2016.  Her cra account indicates they havent received it.  I would like to file it again, but I dont want to be charged for the program again.  I have a receipt. 
I have taken most of my required minimum distribution from IRAs after age 70 1/2, but I missed the IRS filing deadline of April 18. How should I proceed? 
I can not netfile because it says I had a business in 2015 in a different province; I removed my business from my 2015 return because it was disposed of in late 2014, and I forgot to remove the entry (I also moved provinces last year). I removed this entry from turbotax but it still won't let me file. Any ideas? Thanks 
i am geting two t4 from same employer. should I file both of them? why this is happening? 
States my form is filled out and $0 can't get to form tax questions Iines to enter anything 
When i enter my code it says please enter a valid code 
Income code 12,  Chap.3 exemption code 04 , chapter 4 exemption code 16   This is NOT foreign income from a pension or investment, this is internet earnings from Publishing. 
Receiving CPP but still working and paying into CPP at work. So not retired. Unable to Netfile without putting number of months retired. And am I able to get back any of the amount I have been paying into CPP from work after having received it. 
Since I had a dependant living with me until Sept. Of 2015, shouldn't I change my return to reflect that? 
Turbo Tax claimed credits, I did not enter or wanted to claim, like Farmers credit (I am not a farmer), disability credit (I am not disabled), Foreign Tax Credit ( I dont have any foreign Interests).. Ontario Health Premium (I did not claim) .I am really disappointed and now have to do my return all over again..probably not with Turbo tax for sure..I called right after my taxes when I was going through the summary and the customer service rep told me, it is probably a glitch in our system. How does it help me? I tried calling today 8 times with the incident#, but the call always gets disconnected after it says we are transferring you. It is definitely not my phones problem, but your systems. what is the solution now? How can Turbo tax correct the errors with CRA? 
I do not know my unused tuition and I do not have the Notice of Assessment from last year. Anywhere I can find this information? 
I finished the tax return but somewhere after the payment process I couldn't get a printout copy of the receipt for proof payment , nor a copy of the tax return and I never got to the message where it says do you want to "netfile"?  I did a second return where I went throughout the entire process and was able to get the receipt and copy of the tax return and sent it through  "NETFILE" which is how I know what the steps are required to complete it. 
Since I signed up to the union in Dec 2015 my union dues didnt make it on my T4. However I have the dues from the month of December receipt and the membership fee receipt. 
i have two minors that live with me full time.I have always claimed them .when i filed return i realized no questions were asked about them. 
When filing my taxes no questions were asked .Does that mean it imported my previous info? 
Solved...check box on schedule 3 to deem dividends as eligible not checked. 
It says that my return is $169 but Im only getting $70, why did it take away 99? 
Il manque la page 2 du formulaire Sommaire des champs  saisir des annexes et du formulaire TP-1029.TM(TPF-1.X) 
Est-ce que a peut mtre nuisible? Est-ce forcment la plus avantageuse, pour moi, qui sera retenue? 
After filling out a T4a I then also filled out the T2125.  However, now Im trying to sign up for my CRA online account and its asking me for the amount I submitted on line 135 and I cant find that anywhere in TurboTax.  I indicated in Turbotax that i am self employed.  So what is the amount in Turbotax that represents line 135? 
I need to complete a T1258 
If I set up Direct Deposit for the first time with the CRA can I now Netfile my return? 
I have a permanent physical disability, and receive $12,264 from the Ontario Disability Support Program annually. Thats my sole source of income. I input my T5 slip here on TurboTax. Strangely, though, my review page is telling me that my refund is $0.00. Is my refund not processed until I officially submit, or am I doing something wrong? Thanks! 
Intuit\nsupport asked me to submit my .tt15 file. They said to access your online\nreturn and click on Send my file at the bottom of the page. I was not\nable to find any option to Send my file at the bottom of any page\nonline? Incident # is 418702632. 
I can't efile because of the naics code is invalid.  I did not buy the Business home TurboTax but there should be no reason that the one I need to use.  None of the Six figure codes work.  I am a CRA employee and this is a very bogus program designed to force people to purchase the more expensive program.  I intend to make this public unless it's fixed! 
I entered my social security 3and it won't accept it? 
why is my capital loss doesnt impact the tax that I owe 
When attempting to file my federal tax, I receive the following error message:error message codes: 95548A, NA, NA. Please advise on how to resolve this issue. My Quebec return was files successfully 
i would like to delete the form , but i cannot find the delete button. 
we purchase annual family ski passes. Is this considered a physical activity under children fitness credit? 
Hi, we have TFSA account and contribution for 2014 and 2015 and but we never claimed it 2014 and 2015, so wondering if I can still claim it and how I can claim it? 
The total of the entries is $693 less than the amount shown on Line 121 of Schedule 4. What is going wrong? 
I disposed of a rental property this year and unfortunately incurred a terminal loss. The online version of TurboTax Premier does not automatically zero-out the UCC and record on line 9948. Per Chapter 3 of Guide T4036,  In the year you dispose of your rental property, you can subtract this terminal loss from your rental income and, if the loss is more than your rental income, you can create a rental loss. Enter your terminal loss on line 9948, Terminal loss, of Form T776. Can someone please help? 
I am the higher income earner but I cannot use the credit as it non-refundable. My spouse has tax owing so i would like to try and apply the credit to her return. Can this be done? 
hello, CRA has assessed a higher Net federal tax owing then your software.  they suggested i contact you for an explanation of the delta. please advise. thank you 
Hello,I have T4A and Releve 1 forms from Emploi Quevec (Ministere de Travail, de l"Emploi) they payed for my studies in the college.In my papers:              in T4A I have 269$ in box 28 (other income)             in Releve 1 case O (RS) 269$ (Financial Assistance)The problem is:             in Turbo Tax I put 269$ in the box 28 of T4A form, then I go to fill out Releve 1 and there is automaticly filled by Turbo Tax 269$ in box:  Other Income from a T4(A) box 28 & Adjustments benefits (RG, RH, RI).But in my Releve 1 its box O (RS).Should I remove 269$ from box "Other Income from a T4(A) box 28 & Adjustments benefits (RG, RH, RI)" (Releve 1)  and put it in only box O case RS (Releve 1)?Or it will be appear in both boxes?Thank you,Yulia 
we owned a house for 8 months we moved Sept 1 2015 and arrived in a new (free) clergy home for the remaining 4 months. 
What do I do to file and access Quebec provincial filing? 
JAI UN RELEV 24 POUR FRAIS DE GARDE  30.00 PAR JOUR AINSI QUUN RELEV 19.  PAR CONTRE JE NAI PAS DE REU INDIQUANT REU FDRALEST-CE QUE JE DOIS DEMANDER UN REU FDRAL  LA GARDIENNE, OU SI JE PRENDS LE RELEV 24 POUR DEMANDER LA DDUCTION AU FDRAL 
I am trying to calculate business-use-of-home expenses.  In 2014, I had an amount carried forward from 2013 and I noted that the amount was the business use of home expenses available to carry forward from the worksheet.  How do I get to the worksheet from my 2014 taxes to find this amount for 2015? 
we never received these documents T4A(P) or T4A(OAS) 
I have filed my T1 for 2015 & received my Assessment. In my T1 I elected to stop contributing to CPP for 12 months of 2015. The election has been refused; I turned 65 only on 2 March 2015. How can I change my T-1 to stop CPP contributions after 2 March (i.e. for 10 months, not 12 months) ? 
I need to enter amounts of PST to my taxes for 2014, BC does not have HST.  How do I enter these amounts in the format where it only lists GST and HST? 
what professional code is aPsychotherapist 
I want to use a prepaid vanilla mastercard to pay my turbotax fees,would like to know it is acceptable before i spend the money to load the card. 
I can't see them on my account. 
I have been waiting for a call for over 1 month.  This is the last step I have before I can file my taxes so please contact me. 
Numro du logement (case A du relev 31 sa veux dire quoi 
I just have a question for my taxes next year 
Il ny a pas de dpenses demploi mais il y a une erreur Si vous demandez des dpenses demploi, vous devez remplir le formulaire Conditions gnrales demploi pour rendre la dclaration admissible  ImptNet Qubec. qui nous empche denvoyer le rapportToutes les questions sont non ? 
I own 50% of the rental properties - do I need to put in 50% of teh gross proceeds, CCRA and other applicable data? 
i use my personal car for company business, can i claim my mileage, when the company reimburses me my gas as a taxable benefit? 
I already paid $132.20 for home and business for both me and my husband, as well as pro-review. There was a problem with the return, which has FINALLY been resolved (after over a week of waiting) and now I am being asked to pay again. How do I print my return with out paying again for a product I already paid for? 
Can't  log on to to Quebec  filing.Shows CRA ,but no QRM how do I proceed ? 
Tax return is for an independent contractor earning modest income. When business expenses like (i.e. vehicle, oil, gas, cca) are deducted, the net refund actually gets smaller. Given that net income is decreased and taxable income is decreased I would expect the refund to increase. After doing some research, I discovered that the working income tax benefit is affected and after doing some number experimenting determined that this was the main reason for the decreased refunds. That leaves me still though with the question, am I allowed to omit those expenses? Are there any other drawbacks to omitting them if I choose to not claim certain business expenses like my vehicle expenses and CCA? 
I thought I filed my taxes 2 months ago, but through frustration of not get my return, I checked the FAQs and I apparently I did not complete the final step, and when I tried to do that I was prompted to upgrade to premier which I did not even make use of because I am filing one thing, so I got charged $30 for a small claim and with premier I didnt change any information. Now my tax return is late and I will most likely be penalized, just because the filing process is not very clear on not so turbo tax. 
Au cours de lanne jai travailler en tant que technicien en architecture sur une base temporaire et je cherche a savoir ou je dois declarer mes revenus durant cette priode est-ce bien dans un T2125 ? 
I have capital expenditures for my rental property how do I claim them 
I need the calculations 
For Income Tax purposes, this dividend is fully franked (100%) at a tax rate of 30% 
The employer received the WCB payments, not me. He put the amount in box 77 and when I do my taxes, it inflates my income by that amount. Can you please assist? Thanks. 
Hi there,I need my 11 digit tax claim confirmation number from last year.Please help.Thank you in advance,Ousmane 
I set up direct interim payments during the year to CRA. How can I make a change? 
I believe I put the correct information in both columns. Still it says they are long every time.. 
It says including consulting fees but I cant find an authoritative answer to my question. Appreciate your help, whether advice or being pointed to appropriate CRA website section. (Canadian answers only please) 
There is obviously something wrong with your program!  I did not expect a huge (ridiculous) refund so I just ignored it (and waited for the cheque ..LOL) and we ,as joint filers, paid the small sum showed showing on my wife's return.Now CRA is after us, including interest!Please explain what is going on here and tell me how to correct this. 
Jobtiens le message \nVeuillez prendre connaissance du ou des messages suivants. Apportez ensuite les corrections ncessaires  votre dclaration, puis transmettez-la de nouveau. Puisque vous avez inscrit un montant  la ligne 409 de lannexe E (partie A), vous devez inscrire un montant aux lignes suivantes de votre dclaration de revenus fdrale : - ligne 56 (Impt fdral de base) ou ligne 57 (Crdit fdral pour impt tranger); - ligne 431 (Impt sur le revenu ne provenant pas dune entreprise pay  un pays tranger); - ligne 433 (Revenu tranger net ne provenant pas dune entreprise). (T3H0E409) Vous avez besoin de renseignements? Communiquez avec le Service daide ImptNet Qubec. (T3Z00004) Vous avez transmis votre dclaration par Internet avant la date limite, qui tait le 2 mai 2016,  minuit. Cependant, votre dclaration comporte des erreurs. Nous considrerons que la date limite du 2 mai 2016 est respecte si, avant minuit le 3 mai 2016, vous transmettez par Internet votre dclaration corrige et quelle est accepte.\n\nJai dj soumis ma declaration fdrale. Comment est-ce que je peux corriger ce problme? Je ne vois pas ou je peux retrouver linformation quon me demande de corriger... 
I need to know where to put his amount in that he paid for the tools for his job 
Both my wife and I are priests in the Anglican Church of Canada, clergy in other words.  I was surprised that TurboTax asked me to fill out the deduction for both, I thought only one could claim it?  What gives? 
Doesn't show federal tax breakdown..detail.  I have a EI clawback nowhere to see or enter it.  Lines 235 and 422.  Been using this service for 10 years doing family taxes,no more...previous years worked better could review by lines on tax form to check... 
I can see the code right on the CRA website. 
I need to enter the amount of my cpp to my return. Why was there no box for the to be entered? 
I was able to file my personal return with Turbotax Premier using the CRA Partner Sign-in method (No CRA Code) using my bank login.  However, when I attempt to file my T2 return with Turbotax Business Incorporated it seems to ONLY support the CRA Code method.  Does Turbotax Business Incorporated support the sign-in partner method and if so, how? 
So I couldnt go forward with the free one, thats why I paid for the upgrade, but it didnt change anything and it made me just disappointed... I thought it would make it easier to get my tax return, because I am currently in the other country and I cant call a canadian number, and also I cant access my CRA account.I have no idea how I can deal with this, since I had no problem until this year. Are they still going to wait for my call until I get back to canada? It is going to be another month. 
If yes, can it claimed as child support as there is an son born Oct 1990 who does not work full time, income 2015 was $5304.This son usually attends U of T, but did not in 2015 because of his health.  Son lives in separate condo and the mother pays all his expenses 
need to continue 
Bonjour,Je ne comprends pas pourquoi selon le logiciel, je dois payer de limpot au provincial de 300$ alors que mon seul revenu est une bourse dtude de 20 667,00 qui est non imposable et un emploi tudiant de 519$ pour lanne.  Les bourses dtudes provinciales du Qubec ne sont-elles pas non-imposable?Merci 
Federal tuition should increase the return by 15%. 
I was wondering whether or not low income tax returns can still be filed for free.  I am helping my mother-in-law with her taxes and signed in under the standard turbo tax product.  In the past, when it came time to pay, it told me it was free under the freedom option.  Not this time. 
\n\nUsing Turbo Standard Edition for my daughter.  She is Self Employed with many expenses.  I accounted for Gas, Parking, Lodging, &\nAdvertising.  I couldnt find where to\nput other expenses such as Clothing, beauty products, agency fees, gym &\nfitness training).  I put them in Other\nExpenses in Statement of Employee Expenses; however her refund is still low.\nShould I switch to the Business Turbo Tax or is there somewhere in standard\nedition I can put these amounts to max. her return.  Also I dont know where I put her Commission\nincome\n\n 
does not allow netfile because I left Canada sept 20, 2015 and returned jan 2, 2016. my residency has not changed  because it is under 183 days. how to fix this? advice 
My mother whose the only income is OAS has $900 medical expenses. My calculations show that she is eligible to $120 refundable medical expense supplement. However r your program failed to claim any refund. 
Bonjour, la suite de problmatiques avec la production de ma dclaration de revenus avec ImptRapide de luxe en ligne, jai clavard avec le service  la clientle le 5 mars 2016 (avec 11_Berenice D de 11:02:23  13:16:56). La solution propose fut de complter la demande de remboursement du logiciel ImptRapide disponible  ladresse suivante : http://support.intuit.ca/impotrapide/fr-ca/iq/Demander-le-remboursement-d-un-logiciel-Imp-tRapide/HO.... Jai transmis tous les documents requis par courriel  CanadaReturns@intuit.com le 6 mars 2016. Nayant obtenu aucune rponse de la part dIntuit Canada, jai tent de communiquer  nouveau par courriel le 3 mai 2016. Nayant toujours pas eu de rponse, jai communiqu avec le service  la clientle par tlphone le 11 mai 2016 (numro de rfrence 418795703) o la prpose ma inform que malheureusement, il ntait pas possible de traiter ma demande de remboursement (malgr lindication contraire sur le site et suite  la sance de clavardage expose prcdemment). Les 3 options possibles sont : (1) attendre que le sige social  Mississauga daigne bien me rpondre et traiter ma demande de remboursement aprs plus de 10 semaines dattente; (2) contester les frais sur ma carte de crdit; (3) retourner le produit au magasin. Considrant quil existe une politique de remboursement (qui manifestement nest pas  point), je me questionne sur les pratiques dIntuit Canada quant au traitement rserv  ses clients...Ce faisant, jai communiqu avec lOffice de la protection du consommateur (OPC) qui me suggre de transmettre une mise en demeure. Ma question est donc la suivante:  quelle adresse postale dois-je transmettre ma mise en demeure? 
I do not have self employment earnings but your summary indicates i do and i can find no way of editing this 
It is the same money so why does it add it together? There is no way that the total income should be that high and says I owe $30000 in taxes. 
I live and worked in Ontario until mid-August. For the rest of the year I moved and became a non-resident but had no income (foreign nor Canadian). 
I get the error message   You are claiming an amount for an eligible dependant. Please confirm that the dependants net income is zero.    My zero-income daughter is my eligible dependant, not my son who has a $6k income. 
how do I just put 4494.00 in the box? will CRA assume I am saving the balance for 2016 because it was purchased in the first 60 days of 2016? 
My university course included my textbooks and while there are computer expenses they are not as high as what TurboTax is calculating. Is there a way to adjust this? 
This wasn't an issue if it weren't for the fact that this year, I had to file taxes with my wife separately and I had to pay $654.77 for my wife's tax return. We just have a T4 and T5s, no special situations, and this just doesn't make sense to me. 
Mon fils n'a pas d'Internet et n'est pas en mesure de produire son rapport d'impt.  Puis-je le faire pour lui? 
2013, 2014, and 2015 returns Netfiled. Have Netfile codes for all three.1) Got email confirmations for only 2014 and 2015.2) CRA website shows only 2014 and 2015.I want to know how to track whether CRA received 2013. 
Im trying to recover my cd key i bought online.  Ive deleted the information on my email when i bought it Feb 24, 2016.  file downloaded: TurboTax2015_bld3028_Feb24.  ( *********** )any other information do you need? i just wanted to check if i file my taxes since i havent received any tax returns from the government.Thank youwilliams ( ******** ) 
Est-ce que mes dclarations sont bien rendu au gouvernement ? 
that is the people that need the tax information. 
Quelquun dautre a eu ce bogue?Cest RevQc qui bogue ou IR (ou un autre troll)? 
why is there a question mark ? instead of negative value for loss in schedule 3? 
Jenregistre le changement mon tat civile. Jai personne de charge et je ne peux pas passer cet tap. quest-ce que je dois faire? 
Is there a way to request through the program itself after completing T2 adjustment worksheet.  Or can barcode format be printed without having to buy another license?    http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/tx/bsnss/tpcs/crprtns/ftr/rssssmnt/rqst-eng.html 
Jai fait 9 dclarations avec la version Impot rapide de Luxe en ligne. 2 de ces dclarations sont en bas de 25000$. Est-ce normale quon refuse mon code dactivation  la 9e dclaration? 
So I see it did not tell me where to send any thing in or to what address. 
Income tax submitted for xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx - cant find any via this account? 
I want to include the income for the NPO on my T2.  CRA has codes for NPO income however the GIFI statements wont allow me to put the correct code in.  I have no problems with the expenses, just the income.  I know the codes are 8221 and 8224, but the program isnt allowing me to enter them. 
I use VMware and Windows XP to do my taxes with Turbo Tax. You are not supporting Windows XP anymore so if I save my files, can I transfer them to MAC online version? Could I do it now so I know it works? 
Sorry I mess up by myself. This is a false report and please delete it. 
This is from the error review saying that The UCCB amounts designated must be included in the dependant's net income used for calculating the amount for eligible dependant. 
What is a prepayment code,activation code or coupon code,am i eligable to get one? If so how 
