If this is an IRA account, you do not need to report dividends paid within the IRA account. All that income will be accounted for when you start taking money out of the IRA. 
Your refund may well be deposited by 2/1.  The IRS may do all of the actions you mentioned and they will notify you by mail when they do. 
Proceeds from an insurance claim are not taxable 
1.  The 10% penalty will be added to your 2012 tax return.  It will be included in the calculation of any underpayment penalty that might be applicable to your tax situation so you may have to consider making an estimated tax payment during 2012 to avoid such penalty.2.  Barring any changes in the tax laws between now and 12/31/12, the regular tax on the deemed distribution will be at about 25%.  The penalty from 1. above is in addition to the regular tax.3.  Depending on what state you are in, there may be state income tax issues and/or penalties involved also. 
Since pre-tax amounts are not taxed, they dont qualify.  You post-tax costs are less than 7.5% of your AGI, so they dont qualify either.  Sorry. 
No - RMD refers to an IRA or 401-k, not a plan such as Civil Service Retirement. 
You need to wait until Form 5405 is ready.  That may be earlier than mid-February. 
They may be eligible for the Lifetime Learning Credit or the Tuition and Fees Deduction, but they would not be eligible for the American Opportunity Credit. 
This was answered by TurboTaxDon in a previous thread:"Canadian pensions and annuities paid to U. S. residents may be taxed by the United States, but the amount of any pension included in income for U. S. tax purposes may not be more than the amount that would be included in income in Canada if the recipient were a Canadian resident. Enter these pensions as if they were reported on a U. S. Form 1099-R. You will need to determine the amounts to enter in box 1 and box 2a. Enter the pension by clicking Federal Taxes, Income, Select Specific Topics, Retirement Distributions, IRA and Pension Distributions. Enter the appropriate amounts in box 1 and box 2a, and do not check any box at box 2b. Enter code ?7? in box 7a, leave box 7b blank, and answer No on the Check Your Form screen when asked about the IRA/SEP/SIMPLE box." 
The fmv of the parsonage is subject to self employment tax (social security and Medicare) but not income tax.  Do you need to report and pay it for 2015 or are you planning for 2016?
I think it means if you worked for a private, non government company. 
If you mean nonemployee compensation from a 1099-MISC.  Go to Wages & Income.  In the section Other Common Income, on Income from Form 1099-MISC click the start button. 
Yes, you may include this as a medical expense. 
Itemized deductions such as charitable contributions provide no tax benefit until all of them added together are more than your standard deduction. Once your itemized deductions exceed your standard deduction, then they begin to indirectly reduce your tax by reducing your taxable income. An added dollar of deduction reduces your tax by the dollar times your marginal tax rate. So if you are in the 25% marginal tax rate bracket, then a dollar of deduction reduces your tax by $1 X 0.25 = 25 cents. In general, a contribution deduction reduces your tax by the amount of the contribution times your marginal tax rate. 
You may be able to claim the amount of actual tax paid..A deduction for Interest and penalty paid would not be allowable. 
I am going to assume that he was not a fulltime student during 2010.  He/she may be a “qualifying relative” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent…His/her gross income was $3,650 or less.  Social Security benefits that are not taxable do not count against this limit.…You provided more than 1/2 his/her support for the year.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year.Note the $3,650 gross income limitation.  If his income was higher than this, he cannot be your dependent. 
Peach, this prolonged online processing time is a known issue, the quickest and easiest fix is to access TurboTax online through another browser.Browser downloads: Google Chrome http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/landing_chrome.html?hl=en Firefox http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/Best of luck , I hope this solves it. 
Real estate taxes, mortgage interest (which would include daily interest charges as well as points), and mortgage insurance premium you pay are tax deductible items on your closing statement. The prepaid mortgage insurance premium is deducted by allocating it over the shorter of 84 months or the term of the loan unless paid to Department of Veteran Affairs, or Rural Housing Service in which case it can be fully deducted in the year paid.The following items on your closing statement increase the cost basis of your home but are not deductible.Attorney fees in connection with obtaining propertyCommissionsState stamp taxes and transfer taxesTax service feesTitle policy fees or title insuranceMiscellaneous abstracts of title, surveys, recording of deed 
You may see a refund before you have entered all of your tax data. Also, not all of the forms required for filing have been finalized yet, so it would be best to finish entering the information into the return, and to check the refund monitor then. 
You can simply enter this as a stock sale or a bond sale with the basis being what you originally paid for it and the sales price what you ultimately received from it. Either way you enter it will generate the same tax result. Since you held the investment for more than 12 months, it is a long term loss.To enter...Go to the Federal Taxes Tab.Then to Wages & Income.Then to "Explore on my own".Scroll down and you will find an area to enter stocks and bonds. 
If it was a net operating loss, was it offset by other income.  Did you elect to only carry it forward, or did you carry it back to prior years?See Publication 536 for details at http://www.irs.gov/publications/p536/ar02.html#en_US_publink100096470See http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p536.pdf on net operating losses. 
If you used the online version see the following on how to access your prior year returnhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return--current-year-/Access-2009-or-Earlier-Tax-Returns/GEN12469.htmlYou need the exact UserID you used to prepare your prior years return, to get your UserID by your email addresshttps://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jsp 
Well, the make work pay credit deduction is not available this year and that would possibly be one difference.  There are so many variables that can change from one year to the next.  Compare last years return to this years line by line and find the differences and perhaps this will answer your question.    Without seeing both years in front of us here, we can only go by what you tell us. 
Yes as a primary residence, second home, or rental 
No. Credit is allowed for expenses paid in 2010 for an academic period beginning in 2010 or the first 3 months of 2011. 
Review your income & deduction enteries especially your Federal W/H tax or estimated paymentt entries. It sounds like there is a decimal point in the wrong place somewhere. 
Any of the TT personal versions other than the online Free Edition can handle a 1099-MISC.  While H&B has been specifically enhanced to assist the self-employed person in completing the Schedule C and related business information, it is not required just because you have the 1099-MISC. 
If after that job you plan on returning. Just file a non-resident MT return, and a resident return for your "home" state. Otherwise file two part year returns.The criteria below will help you determine your state of permanent residency.Military Home of Record trumps all, otherwise consider...Property ownership and residence: homestead statusthe location of your homeyour mailing addressthe location of your bank accountswhere you qualify for unemployment insurancethe state in which you filed previous resident tax returnsthe state where you earn your wagesLicenses and registrations: where you are registered to votewhich state issued your driver’s licensewhere your vehicles are registeredthe state in which you maintain professional licenses 
You dont report them on your tax return. If she had no federal income tax withheld from her pay, there is no need for her to file a tax return and her wages are not reported on any tax return. 
Hello kcross11, here is some information that might help you.Go to the Wheres My Refund? online tool to check the status of your refund.http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=4Wheres My Refund? will usually have information about your refund 72 hours after IRS acknowledges receipt of your e-filed return, or three to four weeks after mailing a paper return. Check back weekly, on Wednesdays, for any updates to your refund information. 
You posted one month ago. Amended returns take about 4 months to process. 
Have you checked "Im waiting for my refund" on the IRS home page? to get a projected refund date?You will see the following "If you e-file, you can generally expect your refund within 10 - 21 days. The projected refund date "Wheres My Refund?" provides may change as your tax return moves through processing. Keep in mind that IRS telephone assistors will not be able to provide additional information."http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=101 
If you qualify for the credit but did not get it, you may not have a tax liability for the credit to offset. It is a non refundable credit so you must have taxable income and tax owed to get the credit. 
Here is the link to contact TurboTax directly: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp 
The Form 8283 asks for more details (dates, etc.) but youre right that it doesnt come into play until deductions for property donations rise above $500.  You could enter one figure, using say a 12/31/11 date if necessary, keeping the details in your tax files. 
Yes, you should delete him from that section if he is no longer a dependent who you are claiming. 
The IRS is currently experiencing tax refund processing delays (up to one week) for some returns. This affects returns prepared through any tax preparation method, including TurboTax.As a result, the original estimated federal tax refund date provided to you may have changed or your date may not be available yet. We are working with IRS to resolve this as quickly as possible.You can read more here:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.html?_requestid=137364 
In Turbo Tax, select the Business tab, click on the Business Income & Expenses link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Business Items and choose Business Income and Expenses (Sch C). At the Business Summary page click the "Add Another Business" button. I hope this helps! 
Hi Chuy73, You may the claim the child as a dependent if:1.The child is related to you2.The child is a citizen of US or resident of US, Canada, or Mexico3.You provided over 50% of the childs support 4.The child did not file a tax return with a spouse (except to claim a refund of federal taxes paid ONLY)If the child met these criteria and the other parent claimed the child, you will have to mail in your return.  Both you and the other parent will receive written correspondence from the IRS asking for proof that you can claim the child as a dependent on your tax return.   Do not send the proof with your return.  Wait until you receive the correspondence from the IRS.If you are the custodial parent (the child physically lived with you for more than 50% of the year) and you let the other parent claim the child as a dependent, you still may be eligible for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EIC) and/or the Child and Dependent Care Credit.  If you are eligible for those credits and the other parent claimed the child, you will have to mail in the return.  Both you and the other parent will receive written correspondence from the IRS asking for proof that you can claim those credits on your tax return.   Do not send the proof with your return.  Wait until you receive the correspondence from the IRS.Remember, child support payments are not deductible on your tax return.For more information:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/Who-Is-A-Dependent-/GEN12426.htmlhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/You-and-Your-Family/Child-and-Dependent-Care-Expense-Credit/GEN12287.html#dependenthttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Other-Deductions-and-Credits/What-is-the-EIC-and-Do-I-Qualify-/GEN80354.html 
The refinance charges: other than the interest, points, and property taxes already deducted. Add to the cost basis, which you will use as basis of the main depreciation. 
The employer should have included this on your form W-2, either as part of your taxable wages or in box 12 with code P for nontaxable moving expense reimbursements.You will need to report this as income on your return. Ideally, your employer at least reported this in Box 3 as other income on your 1099-MISC in which case the income will be reported as other income on your return. Then you will report you moving expenses to offset the income.To report the income, go to:Federal Taxes TABWages and Income SubTABClick Explore on My OwnFind Other Common IncomeClick Start on Income from Form 1099-MISCTo report the Moving Expenses, go to:Federal Taxes TABDeductions and Credits SubTABFind the section for Other Deductions and CreditsClick start by Moving Expenses 
School Corp Number is categorize by county, here is a link I found on IN DOR website that listed the code within the instructions (IT-40 Booklet). Look for page 43 that listed all the code. http://www.in.gov/dor/4439.htmHope this helps. 
If you qualify as a real estate professional, you can take as current expenses.Otherwise, costs are added to basis of properties purchased. 
The amount of tax you owe is deducted from any tax withheld. If you had more withheld than you owe in taxes then you get a refund. If you owe more in tax than was withheld then you owe the IRS. If you are not getting all of the $635 back then you mist owe tax. 
Hi - Here is an IRS link which may be helpful to you.http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc515.htmlThanks for being in touch! 
Once your return is filed, you cant get it back.  If the IRS rejects it, you can fix it and resubmit.  Otherwise, the IRS will process as usual, your DD will bounce back, and the IRS will mail you a check. 
It is a delay on the Irss end. 
I think you have a misunderstanding.A rollover from a 401(k) to a Traditional IRA is not taxable because both types of accounts contain "before-tax" money (money that was not taxed when it was put into the account).  A before tax account such as a 401(k) or Trad IRA can grow, tax free, until you take a distribution, then the entire amount of the distribution is taxable.On the other hand, a Roth consists of "after-tax" money (money that that tax has already been paid).  That too can grow tax free until you take a distribution.  But with a Roth you pay no tax on the distribution (when qualified to take one).The catch is, when you convert a "before-tax" account (Traditional IRA), to a "after-tax" account (Roth IRA), you must pay that tax at the time of the distribution (conversion).The code "2" exception that you refer to is not an exception to pay the tax, but an exception to pay the additional 10% early withdrawal penalty that would apply if you withdrew the money for your immediate use (if under the age of 59 1/2).  Since you did not do that - you converted it to a Roth - the 10% penalty does not apply.  But you still must pay the tax on the distribution that was converted to a Roth.So, I am afraid that the conversion will affect your federal tax as the entire amount of the conversion * is taxable as ordinary income.* If you had any basis (after-tax or non-deductible contributions) in your 401(k) of Trad IRA, then that part of your distribution (conversion) to a Roth would not be subject to tax.
if the condo is your residence, you can not deduct the renocvation costs.  when you sell, if at a profit (LOL), then the renovation costs will decrease your capital gain.if the condo is a rental, then you can deduct or depreciate, depending on the item.  tt sch E will take you through the process in a rather painless manner.hope this helps 
You can deduct the sales tax if you itemize deductions and your sales tax deduction is more than the state income tax deduction.Enter Sales Tax under Federal TaxesDeductions and CreditsExplore on my ownThen scroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidSales Tax- click the Start or Update buttonYou might see a screen saying Lets compare your sales tax and income taxChoose Try Sales Tax Deduction AnywayThen click on EasyGuideEnter your State and Dates you lived thereEnter your Sales Tax Rate as a whole number like enter 7% as 7.00 or 7.5% as 7.50Then enter any major purchases When you are done it will show you a summary screen of Places you Lived - Click DONEThen it will ask if you had any Nontaxable Income to increase your Sales Tax Deduction Yes or NoThen you get to a screen�..Weve Chosen a Deduction for YouIf you itemize your deductions you can either take the state and local sales tax deduction OR the state and local income tax deduction whichever is greater. There are a couple items like car sales tax you can add to the general sales tax table.  That is mainly for people who live in a state without a state income tax. 
You should start by phoning the IRS and ask them what happened to your overpayment from last year.  Ask them if it was refunded or applied to your 2011 taxes.   Have you printed out your 2010 return and examined it?  Is that what you are referring to above?1-800-829-1040 IRS hours are 7 AM - 7 PM local time, M-F.. 
Not if you lived with your spouse at any time - even for 1 night - during the last 6 months of 2010. If you lived together at all then your only choices are Married Filing Separately or Married Filing Jointly. 
Wait till your Federal return is accepted.  (Its unusual that your state accepted before the Feds, but Michigan may be one of the few "independent e-file" states that dont piggyback on the Federal return as most states do.)  Then, go back and click the "Amend return" link (should be on the left side of your acceptance screen in TT Online).  You will almost certainly have to file the amended returns on paper. 
Educational expenses for grades K-12 are not a deductible expense. 
You may have noticed a State Prep component in your update, either by itself or as part of a larger federal program update."State Prep" is a generic designation for an automatic state download and was introduced in the 2009 TurboTax Deluxe and higher personal tax versions. In prior years, you had to initiate the state download separately in TurboTax.Once a predicted state becomes available, the Updater automatically downloads it and this is what youll see as State Prep in the Updater.When you are ready to prepare your state return(s), TurboTax Deluxe (or higher) will ask you which state you want to designate as your "free" state. You will only be charged for the additional states if you choose to prepare them in TurboTax. 
If you indicated that the distribution was from a qualified plan, and that you rolled over the entire amount, it should not be taxable.  Check your Form 1040, Line 16b to see if the amount is shown as taxable. 
Revise the w-2 at the original W-2 screen. 
Form E-1 is a tax return used by a resident individual taxpayer or a non-resident working in the City of St. Louis to file and pay the earnings tax of 1% due and not withheld by the employer. More infohttp://stlcin.missouri.org/collector/earnings-tax-forms-info.cfm 
If youre using the same vehicle in 2 businesses, it sounds to me like you claimed 100% business use in the first business. So check that. If thats the case, then obviously you would have 0% use of the same vehicle in the 2nd business. If the vehicle is used for business and personal use, then if you said 25% business and 75% personal in the first business (or something of that nature) please let us know that. 
California depreciation law did not conform to the federal law change for the increase of the depreciable life for nonresidential rental real estate from 31.5 years to 39 years for assets placed in service on or after 5/13/93 until 1/1/97.For that type of asset in 1995, The Calif program will use 31.5 years for regular tax and 40 years straight-line for AMT. 
Yes.  Box 6b generates the personal exemption for your spouse.  She is not being claimed as a dependent.  Each taxpayer in a joint return is entitled to a personal exemption.
Heres what I have learned so far: The IRS only pays out on Fridays, the first expected payout date from the IRS is 1/28/11, even though I have seen several posts on here that say it is possible ( though unlikely) that people may start getting their refunds as early as this Friday. 
You can download and print the PDF files stored on your account from last year...correct whatever needs correcting on the forms (IF it is that simple),  copy them...and mail them in. 
Hi rjh4, it sounds like youre experiencing an issue that weve recently identified with this area. Were working to get it corrected and should have it fixed soon.Take a look at this article and see if it matches the problem youve been having. It also has the most up to date information on the fix.http://turbotax.com/support/go/SLN59491 
"Just wait until they send me a bill for the balance again?"Yes, to both federal and state.  If you dont meet an exception, all the facts have occurred which fix the penalty.  Consequently, you cant change it as this time.  As noted by the IRS, it is complicated to compute and there is no reason not to let them and Missouri just bill you for it. 
TurboTax does not have information as to why your refund is less than expectedIf your refund is less than expected, the IRS will contact you within 30 days for an explanation..  See the following link for some possibilities for the discrepancy.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/general-program-issues/tax-essentials/2981.htmlYou can also contact the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 
A 1099G is for Unemployment or a state tax refund you got last year.A 1099R is for a 401k, IRA, ROTH IRA distribution or withdrawal or rollover or conversion.  Or for a pension you receive. 
It sounds like the FMV would be $1,900 - if $0, why would you pay more? 
Not all employers have finished their W-2s yet, so it may not be available for import.Or, are you trying to enter your W-2s directly on your return?  You must wait until you have the W-2. 
Did your return include any of the delayed forms due to Congress late decisions?  If your return includes one of the delayed forms your return will show pending in TurboTax until the IRS starts accepting those returns on Feb. 14th.The forms affected are:Schedule A (Form 1040), Itemized Deductions Form 8917, Tuition and Fees Deduction Educator Expense Deduction claimed on Form 1040, Line 23, & Form 1040A, Line 16 Form 4684, Casualties and Thefts Form 8859, District of Columbia First-Time Homebuyer Credit Form 3800, General Business Credit Form 5405, First-Time Homebuyer Credit & Repayment of the Credit Form 6478, Alcohol and Cellulosic Biofuel Fuels Credit Form 8834, Qualified Plug-In Electric and Electric Vehicle Credit Form 8910, Alternative Motor Vehicle Credit Form 8936, Qualified Plug-In Electric DriveMotor Vehicle Credithttp://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=233449,00.html 
Your increase in income in 2010 could have pushed you up to the next higher tax bracket.As we cannot view your return, we are not able to offer you a specific explanation although a line by line comparison between your 2010 and 2009 returns may help determine the difference.Consider reviewing your return for accuracy and completenessTo maximize your tax results, see http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/Click “Tax Questions” and “Doing Your Taxes” icons.This exercise will walk you through all of your entitled deductions and credits. 
Generally, you have to be single or considered unmarried to file as Head of Household, although an exception exists. The requirements for HOH are that you:-- Are single or considered unmarried (you are considered unmarried if you are married but lived apart from your spouse for the last half of the year),-- You provide more than 1/2 of the cost of maintaining a residence for you and a qualifying relative.  -- You have a qualifying relative (such as your child) living with you for more than 1/2 of the year .  -------- If the child is your qualifying child, you do not need to claim them as a dependent.  -------- If the dependent is your parent, they do not need to live with you, but you still need to pay more than 1/2 of the cost of maintaining their household.("Not including rent . . ." needs to be clarified because, in determining who paid more than 1/2 of her household costs, rent must be included.) 
You pay taxes to VA for the money you earned there.  You pay taxes to MD since that is your residence.  However, you can get a tax credit on your MD return for taxes paid to VA. 
This may or may not be a useful answer. I think your line 13T things include Domestic Production Gross Receipts (DPGR). Another would have to be a non-zero Form W-2 Wages  for you to get any benefit from filling in the 13T info. That Form W-2 Wages amount could be from a different K-1. But if none of your K-1s shows Form W-2 Wages non-zero, you will get no Domestic Production Activities Deduction. Not filling in 13T never saves tax money. It can only help reduce your tax. But it can be a lot of work for nothing. 
Hi there, Please see this article for help in finding your AGI: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12049
You need to know whether your state assesses an inheritance tax?An inheritance tax is an assessment made on the portion of an estate received by an individual. It differs from an estate tax which is a tax levied on an entire estate before it is distributed to individuals. It is strictly a state tax.   States that have an inheritance tax require that the individual who receives the inheritance file and pay any taxes due on the money or property they inherited. This money does not come directly from an estate because it comes from the individual who received the inheritance.More infohttp://wills.about.com/od/stateestatetaxes/a/inheritancetaxchart.htmYou also may need to file an estate tax return depending on the size of the estate.  Here is a general article on ithttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estate_tax_in_the_United_StatesFor your personal returnsIf you inherit real estate and sell it, you will have a capital gain/loss for the change in value from the date of death to the date of saleTo enter into TurboTax, Go toFederal Taxes Tab, Wages & Income, Explore on my ownInvestment incomeStocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, OtherStartEnter description and sale dateFor "date acquired home" Enter the word “inherited”For cost - Enter Fair Market Value of home on date of deathFor proceeds – Enter sales price less sales expenseIf the property was divided among siblings equally, divide cost and proceeds by the number of siblings to get your share 
First of all, there is no $4000 credit.The best credit is $2500 based on $4000 of eligible expensesThe first $1500 of that $2500 reduces tax owed.  With only $7000 income you would owe no tax so dont get any benefit from that.The next $1000 is refundable and you would get if you were not claimed as a dependent and your earned income exceeded 50% of you supportMore infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Education/Education-Credits-Available-for-2010-Tax-Filing/GEN80424.html
You need to report all your income even if you dont get a 1099Misc. You use your own records.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under�..For Home & Business version:The Business Tab - ContinueChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Business Income and ExpensesThen�.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateOr for other versions:Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Items Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonYou use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 13.3% (for 2011) Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for  Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment�.http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html 
Your return may get rejected by IRS.  if so follow their instructions.  if not file an amended return.   Here is their detailed explanation:Topic 652 - Notice of Underreported Income — CP-2000The IRS compares the information reported by employers, banks, businesses and other payers on forms W-2, 1098, 1099, etc., with income and deductions reported on your income tax return. If you failed to report any income, payments, and/or credits (or if you overstated certain deductions) on an income tax return, you may receive a Notice CP-2000.The notice informs you of the proposed adjustments to income, payments, credits, or deductions, and the adjusted amount of tax due (or to be refunded to you). The first page of the CP-2000 is called the "Summary Page". It provides a brief summary of the notice and instructions on what you should do to determine if you agree or disagree with the proposed changes. If you have any questions, the notice provides a phone number to call for assistance.The notice will show the adjustments proposed by the IRS, the amounts you reported on your original return, and the amounts reported to the IRS by the payer. The notice will also provide the name of the payer, the payers ID number, the type of document that was issued (i.e.; W-2, 1099), and the Social Security number of the person to whom the document was issued. Based on the adjustments to your income, the notice proposes either an increase or decrease to your tax liability (or an increase to the amount of your refund due). Be sure that you review this information carefully to verify its accuracy.The notice includes a response page on which you should indicate whether you agree or disagree with the proposed adjustments. On the response page, you may authorize someone other than yourself to discuss with or to provide information to the IRS regarding the proposed changes. This page should be attached to your response.If you agree with the proposed adjustments , sign the response and return it in the enclosed envelope. Notice that the proposed tax listed on the notice may not include any interest and/or penalty due. You may pay the amount you owe within 30 days from the date of notice, or you may send the signed consent without payment, and the IRS will bill you for the amount due plus additional penalty and/or interest charges. You may request a payment arrangement to pay the amount you owe. If you wish to pay in installments, please complete and return the installment request form enclosed in the notice and return it with your response page. You will be contacted later with payment information. If an installment agreement is approved, you will be charged a fee.If you DO NOT agree with any part of the notice, DO NOT SIGN THE NOTICE. Instead, check Option 2 or 3, on the response page, explain in a signed statement why you do not agree, attach the statement and supporting documentation for consideration to the response page, and submit the response page and attachment to the IRS. Include your phone number with area code and the best time of day to call.Do not file an amended return, Form 1040X (PDF), if you do not agree. These are only proposed adjustments and the tax liability is not yet assessed. If a Form 1040X is appropriate, return it with your response page.You must respond within 30 days of the date of the notice or 60 days if you live outside the United States. An envelope will be enclosed for your convenience. If you have lost the envelope, please send your response to the address listed in the upper left hand corner on page 1 of the notice. Send your responses (including Form 1040X) to the address on the notice and attach a copy of the notice (CP-2000, CP-2501, or a statutory notice of deficiency).If we do not hear from you within the 30 or 60 day period, a statutory notice of deficiency will be issued and addit 
You dont,  You have to open a new tt account for yourself.  Only one return per on-line account. 
i found out that i do not need to file amendments for the prior yearsthanks
Heres info on how to access your prior year returnshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return/Access-2010-or-Earlier-Tax-Returns/GEN12469.html 
Be sure you are filing a part-year resident return in both states.
This is easier said than done.  The process for doing this is VERY complicated and will require the assistance of professionals. The short answer is that typically it is only worth it if you are talking about large losses. (It is also well beyond the scope of what you can do with TurboTax.) If you want to know more about it, and you dont mind some heavy reading, here a few links that explain the process in more detail:First, read the "Ponzi Scheme" section of the instruction for form 4684 (page 2, third column):http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i4684.pdfThis article form the IRS details the Revenue Ruling regarding Ponzi schemes and casualty losses:http://www.irs.gov/irb/2009-14_IRB/ar07.htmlFinally, this article form the IRS details the procedure necessary to claim the casualty loss:http://www.irs.gov/irb/2009-14_IRB/ar11.html
They would each have to pass these tests for you to claim them.  A daughter and grandchild are relatives that do not have to live with you for test 2.  Qualifying Relative tests1) A child is not your qualifying relative if the child is your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer (See Qualifying child tests).2) Despite the name the person does not have to actually be related if they lived in the household the entire year, closely related persons do not have to live with you.3) Gross income for the year must be less than $3,650. (Tax-exempt income, such as certain social security benefits, is not included in gross income)4) You  must provide more than half of a persons total support during the calendar year.5) The person cannot be a dependent of another tax payer.6) The person cannot be file married filing jointly on their own return.You cannot claim a person as a dependent unless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or MexicoSee Pub 17 for more informationhttp://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2010_publink1000170933 
Form 1098-EYour 1098-E is entered by doing the following:Click on the Federal Taxes tabClick on Deductions & CreditsClick on Explore on My Own if its showingScroll down the Screen (Page) to EducationUnder the above area is (Student Loan and Interest Paid) Click on Start or UpdateGo All the way through the interview Reading each screen Carefully as you enter your 1098-E information.Hope this helps. 
For you to make a comparison with your 2010 return and TurboTax, you would have to buy and download the 2010 version of TurboTax. If you meant 2011, you can start a 2011 return on TurboTax for free to make a comparison. 
17% business, 83% personal.
If you list your business income and expenses on Schedule C, both the self-employment tax and the self-employment tax deduction will automatically be carried over to the 1040. 
You can claim him as a dependent, but only if your daughter does not, and only if your adjusted gross income is higher than your daughters income.To claim the child care credit, it must have been paid so you and your spouse can both work (i.e., you both have earned income.)  IRS Tax Topic 602 discusses requirements for the child and dependent care credit as follows:________________Qualifying IndividualThe expenses you paid must have been for the care of one or more of the following qualifying individuals:   1. Your dependent (under the rules for qualifying child) who was under age 13 when care was provided. For divorced or separated custodial parents, refer to Child of Divorced or Separated Parents in Publication 503 , Child and Dependent Care Expenses. A noncustodial parent, however, cannot treat a child as a qualifying person even if the parent may claim the child as an exemption.   2. Your spouse who was mentally or physically not able to care for himself or herself and who has the same principal place of abode as you for more than one-half of the year, or   3. Your dependent (or an individual who would have been your dependent except that the individuals gross income is equal to or greater than $3,650 in 2009 and 2010, and $3,700 in 2011), the individual filed a joint return, or the individual is a dependent of another taxpayer) who was physically or mentally not able to care for himself or herself, for whom you can claim an exemption, and who has the same principal place of abode as you for more than one-half of the year.If a person qualifies as a qualifying individual for only a portion of the taxable year, then only those expenses incurred when the individual is a qualifying individual are included in calculating the credit. For more information on who qualifies as a dependent or qualifying child, refer to Publication 501, Exemptions, Standard Deduction, and Filing Information.____________________Additional RequirementsIn addition to the conditions just described, to take the credit, you must meet all the following conditions:   1. You must provide the taxpayer identification number (usually the social security number) of the qualifying person.   2. You must file a joint return if you are married.   3. The payment cannot be to someone you can claim as your dependent, or to your child who is under age 19 even if he or she is not your dependent. The payment can not be to your spouse or to the parent of your qualifying child who is your qualifying individual, and   4. You must report the name, address, and taxpayer identification number, (either the social security number, or the employer identification number) of the care provider on your return. If the care provider is tax exempt, you need only report the name and address on your return. You can use Form W-10 (PDF), Dependent Care Providers Identification and Certification, to request this information from the care provider. If you do not provide information regarding the care provider, you may still be eligible for the credit if it is shown that you exercised due diligence in attempting to provide the required information.See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc602.html
Many people are just not aware of the proper procedures for verifying their refunds and therefore they are becoming frustrated just now knowing. Well here it is. Only individuals who completed the 1040ez free without fees may have received their refunds early.If you did any other version you may get your state faster but you will not get your federal any sooner than the 1st irs payment date of 1-28-2011. This is the problem. Santa Barbara Bank & Trust has indicated that anyone that has fees coming out will receive their direct deposit anytime between 1-28-2011 and 2-1-2011 as the 28th is their largest processing day. SBBT will not get the deposits from the IRS until sometime between midnight and 6 am on 1-28-2011 and as long as their website shows your refund received by SBBT then you can rest assured that you will have your deposit no later than Tuesday 2-1-2011. Anyone who desires may go directly to the SBBT website (google it at Santa Barbara Tax Products) enter your ss#, filing status, amount of refund and the security information. The next page that pops up will show if your refund has been received. Also if you do not have access to a computer system you may call their 24 hour automated customer service line at 800-717-7228. This line is real time and will tell you exactly where your refund is in the SBBT system. The phone number to reach a live individual is 877-908-7228Once again, please rest assured if your return makes it to SBBT then you will get your money it just may not be on tomorrow. I hope this helps someone 
If you efiled both returns initially, your state return may have been processed.  Check Efile Status under Print & File to see.  If you efiled only federal and now want to efile again after fixing errors, be sure to go back to Print & File to start over.  You should see a screen that lets you choose efile my federal return now and dont efile my state now.  After efiling your federal, go back to Print & File again to print your state return for mail. 
This is mainly a public community user forum, not a direct route to TurboTax Customer Support.If youd rather get text messages, see if you can do this?  If your return is open, see if you can click on MY ACCOUNT and \nthen go into Account Settings and then to the Security tab.  Then scroll to Two-Step \nVerification.  You may be able to switch to text messages to get the\n code.When you go to retrieve the code, do NOT close the original screen \nwhere you are asked for the code.  You have to keep the verification \nscreen open while you use a second tab or second window\n to retrieve the code from your email.  Then you enter it in the screen \nthat you left open.  If you close that original screen, it resets \neverything, and the code will be seen as expired.If you are unable to use email or text messages to get the \ncode, does the interface where it asks for the code have a small link \nthat says something like Id like to use another method or Didnt get a code?   If so, try that.Also read this FAQ and see if any of the info is helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4576376 
Those costs would not be eligible for education credits.
To enter into TurboTax, type �1099-s� (without the quotes) in the search window, make your selection among the four choices.highlight, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions.In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right, middle icon), then Topic Search.
Please dont post personal information on a public message board.  Any stranger could call you and pretend to be from TurboTax and acquire personal information from you.I signed up to have money taken out each month, on the 16th and I havent seen a transaction yet.\nIt can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf\n
If you indicate that you do not have a custody agreement, Turbo Tax will then move on to the next tax rule related to children of separated or divorced parents.  That rule is related to the number of nights the child spent with you as this is what the IRS uses to determine who should get the deduction.  In other words, if the majority of nights were spent with you (and not your ex), then you are entitled to the deduction.    For more information, please see:http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf
yes, that income is taxable. However, if you pay taxes in Korea, you can get a credit for foreign paid taxes (on form 1116) 
No credit for student parents. "Child and dependent care expenses must be work-related to qualify for the credit. Expenses are considered work-related only if both of the following are true. They allow you (and your spouse if filing jointly) to work or look for work.They are for a qualifying persons care.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p503/ar02.html#en_US_publink1000203291 
The first question should be, are the tip outs reported in income.  If you report your tips to your employer NET of tip outs, they are not, and you cannot deduct them.IRS Publication 517 suggests "If you participate in a tip-splitting or tip-pooling arrangement, report only the tips you receive and retain. Do not report to your employer any portion of the tips you receive that you pass on to other employees."(If your employer requires you to report tips gross instead of net of tipouts you need to educate your employer to be sure you get a benefit from them.  One reason is that if you need to deduct tipouts, they are a miscellaneous itemized deduction, why may be very limited or non-existent, especially if you dont itemize.) 
Education is a big part of the deductions and credits this year and can make a big difference!  Wait for your refund, and then amend your return.  You can do this in www.turbotax.com.  On the support tab enter "amend a return." 
Its difficult to answer without knowing which expenses they selected to examine.  However, in most instances, the best advice is to reconstruct to the greatest extent possible.  For example, a physician could issue a second receipt or perhaps your cancelled check payable to the physician would suffice.
Yes, but you dont need to enter zeroes in TurboTax. 
I found out today that even though Turbo Tax says that is pending it may have been processed. I have also been a long time Turbo Tax user and am very disppointed with the "glitches" they are having this year. Check this link for Ohio and enter your SS# and birthday and you can find your TRUE status. You can do the same with any other state. Just go to your states .gov website. Theone for OHIO is listed below. Hope this helps!!!!https://www.tax.state.oh.us/PROD/WheresMyRefundWeb/wheresmyrefund.jsp 
No.  From the IRS Publication 503 re the Child and Dependent Care Credit (this document is from 2010 but there were no changes in 2011):"Expenses not paid until the following year.   Do not count 2009 expenses that you paid in 2010 as work-related expenses for 2010. You may be able to claim an additional credit for them on your 2010 return, but you must figure it separately." 
I assume he was a full time student.  A full time student is someone who met the schools criteria for full time student for any portion of any five months during the year.You can if the child is your qualifying child.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- they must be US citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico 
The symbol is: TAMBX 
The most you can get back is the amount your paid in on your W-2 plus any refundable credits you might qualify for.  Your home deductions will go on Schedule A for mortgage interest, taxes, etc.  They will lower taxable income but they will not result in a bigger refund.  As on employee business expenses, they are itemized deduction also and only will decrease taxable income, not provide any further refund.  You have to remember that you barely paid anything in all year long, so its tough to get back what was never put in.  Make sure you report your 1099 income properly as there is the earned income credit that you may qualify for.
If someone else claimed you or your dependent child inappropriately, and if they file first, the IRS will reject your return if e-filed.  You would then need to file a return on paper, claiming the dependent if appropriate.  Shortly (up to a year) thereafter, the IRS will correspond with both of you to determine which should be allowed the exemption.  (One sure way to lose the exemption is to ignore the IRS correspondence when received - make sure you respond timely.)Lesson:  If you are entitled to the exemption, file first by filing early. 
If you have a 1099-DIV you would enter both amounts that are listed on the form.
You need to use your 2009 tax software to amend your 2009 tax return. Find Other Tax Situations, then Other Tax Forms, then Amend a Return.You have three years to amend a return. Till April 15, 2012. 
You should typically receive your TurboTax Refund Card within 7-10 days from the day you sign up for the card. If you do not receive the card after 10 days, please review the following contact options:For cards issued (TurboTax 2011), please call Customer Service at 1-866-543-9160 
As long as you have to do taxes you must Absolutelyclaim all income no matter how small unless it is under 50 cents 
If you want to use TurboTax to complete and file the 2012 return go to this website to purchase and download one of the 2012 desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2012 return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.You can also get free federal forms, schedules and instructions for prior tax years from the IRS - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlNote: If filing for a tax refund the time to file a 2012 tax return has expired.  To file a 2012 tax return for a tax refund had to be filed on or before April 15, 2016. 
See the following, it states for the Free Edition but it has worked for other versionshttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Copy-of-Return/Access-Your-TurboTax-Online-2009-Free-Edition-Return/HOW13547.html?_requestid=28647 
Rent is not deductible regardless of who it was paid to. So no, you shouldnt enter this. There isnt anywhere to enter it anyway.
Not unless you saved it as a .tax2009 file to your computer last year.  But you can continue your 2010 return you started online in the 2010 desktop program. 
I found it� after inputting info from the 1099-R and defining whether the IRA was inherited, chose the option "I converted over this distribution".  That will open up the other boxes necessary to define a re-characterization. 
Just delete your state return.
a baby born during the year is considered to have lived with you the entire year.Congratulations!
The IRS e-file system has no method set up to include additional unanticipated explanations, attachments, copies of documents, etc.  Consequently, tax software such as Turbotax has nothing set up to receive them.
Suggest you use Code 519100, Internet Publishing. 
You dont have many options. Child support is not deductable for you and not  income fot your ex-spouse. Alimony would have been deductable to you and income to your spouse but that is water over the dam. Your only hope is to get your spouse to sign the form that lets you can have one or more of the kids as dependents. Maybe you can work out a deal with your ex-spouse.
Hi there,Heres a link to information about dependents:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/Who-Is-A-Dependent-/GEN12426.htmlI hope you find this useful. Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz 
"Does this situation qualify as an exception?"Probably, but only the IRS can say for sure, as there is no specific guideline.  I would claim the moving expenses and, if questioned, discuss the reasons for the IRS at that time. 
Yes, that makes perfect sense as long as the phone is dedicated to the rental properties exclusively. If not, you should apportion the bill for business use. 
Without knowing the reason for rejection, no one can help you 
DAVY 12
Im not sure what you mean by deduction limit that is entered on T-slip.  Your deduction limit, per CRA should be found at the bottom of your notice of assessment.  In order to correct your present deduction limit, click on the forms icon, top bar, and typre in RRSP.  Choose RRSP worksheet.  The page that pops up should have the box where you can enter or correct your deduction limit. It must match the amount on the NOA. 
Your purchase does not have to be reported on your tax return, shes the one who has to report the sale.  For you, you can only deduct the interest on the note if its secured by the house, meaning she has the legal right to foreclose if its not paid.  If it is secured by the property then you deduct the interest the same as any other mortgage. 
You can import a 1099Div.  But what do you mean for your schedule C?  You dont report 1099Div on schedule C.  They go on schedule B.Info on importing your 1099s or W2 into Turbo Tax online��http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Import/Import-into-TurboTax-Online/GEN12145.html Turbo Tax Partners you can import W2s and 1099s from�..http://www.partner.turbotax.com/partner_list.html 
It depends on the time your return was accepted and what machine your return was placed in.
Casualty losses are itemized deductionThe loss is reduced by $100 plus 10% of AGI before you get to the allowed loss as a deduction.With your income you wouldnt benefit from a casualty loss until it exceeded about $6300 
You may have to file as a non-resident alien on Form 1040NR.  This form is not supported in TurboTax.See IRS Instructions for Form 1040NR http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040nr.pdf HTML http://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040nr/index.html 
You cannot enter self employment income using the Free Edition of TurboTax because it does not support Schedule C. However, you are posting your question from the Basic version which does support Schedule C. Here is where you enter self employment income. You report self employment income in the Business Income and Expenses section. To enter it, click on Tools then Topic Search. Type "business income, self-employed" without the quotation marks in the search box and click on matching words in the drop down box and click Go.  After completing several screens you should see one that gives you the choice to enter 1099-MISC Income or several other types of income including General Income. 
You can pay by direct debit or credit card (it would be faster than mail) from one of the IRS e-pay service providers see the followinghttp://www.irs.gov/efile/article/0,,id=101316,00.htmlWith the EFTPS you do have to enroll and it would take five to seven business days to receive your personal indentification number (PIN), see the followinghttps://www.eftps.gov/eftps/ 
The difference between the purchase price of those investments and the selling price is, indeed, income.  You should ask your investment firm for a buy sell report and report these investments as capital gains.  If the info from CRA reported the full amount as income, there may not have been a cost included on the document that reported the sale of the investments.  When done correctly, you will pay 50% tax on the capital gains. 
You need to log back into your TurboTax account to make sure that you completed the netfile process. When done correctly, you should have been given a 6 digit confirmation number from CRA.  Otherwise, you would have to ask CRA about your tax refund.  1-800-959-8281 
1) You moved into a higher tax bracket.  2)  All your deductions & exemptions were applied to yor first W-2...so perhaps theres none lft to take by the time you netr the second one.Sounds like your withholding was perfectly matched for the amount of income you had.
Click on the income tab and then scroll down to self-employment.  Choose business or professional.  On the next page choose other business. 
That would be the bank or servicing company that handled the mortgage. 
Go back to where you entered your W-2"s, and change it there. 
Your expenses should go in the T2125.  The T4A will trigger the 2125. 
Turbotax takes their sales tax number from the IRS Commissioners sales tax tables.  They are based on income, family size and sales tax rates.If you can support a higher figure and have receipts, you can claim that figure.  However, I doubt even with the receipts it would be four times higher (and you indicate you dont have the receipts.)  For example, many apparent sales taxes arent deductible, such as excise taxes on gasoline (that are based on gallons, not dollars), and many purchases in different taxing jurisdictions are not taxable (such as prescriptions or food.) 
Im guessing you are not aware that later in the interview in the Wages & Income section, you will be specifically asked if you have any foreign back accounts, financial assets, or other foreign assets. That is the correct place to enter this data. If  you dont see this in the Basic version of TT you are using, then youll need at least the Deluxe version.
You can still file 2015 taxes either by mail, NetFile or EFILE.If you have not yet filed for 2015, due to issues you have with NetFile or some other problem, I suggest strongly you opt for one of the following.a) complete your return  with Turbotax , print it and mail it in, attaching required schedules and T-slip copiesorb) have a professional tax preparer complete, mail or EFILE your return. 
No.  If your only income was from military pay then you did not receive income from OK. 
WIth the desktop version you do get the 5 free Federal efiles so you can do your return and your mothers.  If you got the desktop version with the Free State program you can use the free State for whichever one you want then purchase the additional state (you can use both state programs for yourself and your mothers return).  To efile a State return the cost is $19.95, you can mail in the return to avoid the charge. 
In desktop versions:1.\tGo to the search window next to Find (upper right of screen), 2.\tType 1098-T in the field, click on 1098-T tuition payments,3.\tYou will come to the "Education Expenses" screen, follow prompts,4.\tYou will get to "Lets Work on Any 1098-Ts for You" screen Click YesOn the screen "Tell Us about your Education"  you are asked about more than half time statusIf you enter a 1098t and do not check box 8, you will get a message that there is a conflict and TurboTax will treat you as being at least half time 
You need to report your social security income. However, based on other income, etc those benefits may or may not be taxed.From the IRSIf the only income you received during 2010 was your social security or the SSEB portion of tier 1 railroad retirement benefits, your benefits generally are not taxable and you probably do not have to file a return. If you have income in addition to your benefits, you may have to file a return even if none of your benefits are taxable. Base amount.   Your base amount is: $25,000 if you are single, head of household, or qualifying widow(er),$25,000 if you are married filing separately and lived apart from your spouse for all of 2010,$32,000 if you are married filing jointly, or$-0- if you are married filing separately and lived with your spouse at any time during 2010.The complete discussion can be found in Publication 915 - here is the link to it.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p915/ar02.html#en_US_2010_publink100097869 
you are a resident of Missouri, where you currently live 
You can enter the 1098t and the excess of box 5 over tuition expenses would be reported as scholarship income.OR (that is "OR", not both)You can take the total scholarship less the 2011 tuition and report that amount as taxable scholarship in other income.  Where do I enter scholarship income?Taxable income from scholarships, fellowships, or grants are entered in the Income section of the interview, under the topic Less Common Income. Follow these directions to jump directly to the entry screen. In online versions:Click the Tools button in the upper right corner,Then select Topics & Forms,In the search window, type scholar in the field, select either scholarship topic from the list, and click Go, You will come to the "Taxable Scholarships and Fellowships" screen, follow prompts.More infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Paying-Qualified-Education-Expenses-with-Grants-or-Scholarships/GEN80525.html
Your understanding is correct. So long as the payments are current, you will not get a 1099-R and the loan is not a taxable distribution.
You must file either married filing separately or married filing jointly. It is almost always better to file jointly but if your husband wont agree, your only choice is married filing separately. If you did not have income, you are not required to file a tax return.
Total commuting miles is asking for the miles that you drive to and from your job.  Commuting miles are not deductible but traveling to a temporary site would be deductible."If you have one or more regular work locations away from your home and you commute to a temporary worklocation in the same trade or business, you can deduct the expenses of the daily round-trip transportation between your home and the temporary location, regardless of distance."  Page 14 of http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p463.pdf.
This is how Start-Up costs are entered--from this, you can find the deduction and remove it.This is how to deduct your start-up cost amortization:In Turbo Tax, select the Business tab, click on the Business Income and Expenses link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Business Income and choose Business Income and Expenses (Sch C). At the Business Summary page scroll down to Business Assets and select. Here, you can add assets. After you add assets (in your case startup costs). The following lists the pages with appropriate answers for Start-up Costs:Describe This Asset:  OtherTell Us a Little More: Amortizable intangiblesTell Us About this Asset: Start-up Costs  -- Amount you paid for it: $25,000  - treat as "new" purchased 01/01/2011Select a Code Section: 195- Business Start-up CostsRecovery Period: 15I hope this helps! 
Are you referring to energy credits. The credit for qualified hybrid vehicles ended on December 31, 2010. Any acquisitions after January 1, 2011 are not eligible for this credit. See: http://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/article/0,,id=203122,00.htmlSome states may have credits available in 2011. A summary of state hybrid tax credits (from a non-Intuit source) is here: http://www.hybridcars.com/local-incentives/region-by-region.html
No, they are not. 
When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Was your state return accepted?Only the IRS and state can tell you the status of your refunds. 
You will almost certainly save money on your taxes by filing jointly. There might be an exception if you live in Ohio. 
IT-201 is your NY state income tax return.  Please see this:https://www.tax.ny.gov/pit/file/interest_and_penalties.htm#underpaying_your_estimated_tax
Those lines are for the differences in depreciation between the reg & AMT rules ... the tax benefits rules which you may not have and it is normal if you didnt use any accelerated depreciation options. 
You should use the figures on the to be filed 2014 amended return to keep from having to also amend the 2015 return after you mail in the 2014 form 1040X. 
**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  .  \n\n\n\n> If you  owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If youre preparing a return and talking about the mailing address/phone section under the Personal Info tab, it will not take an international phone number.  Youll just have to leave that phone field blank.  Its not mandatory, and wont affect your ability to efile.  The IRS wont phone you anyway. 
You always use the most current information so use the amended returns figures. 
In the Online products, there are separate fees for the Federal return preparation and each state return preparation.  Not everyone needs a state return. If youre using the Online Deluxe (which is what is displayed next to your username above), then the current fees would be 54.99 for a Federal return, and 39.99 for each State return. 
Yes, you can amend to MFJ once he has the SS# if you want to. 
Sadly there is no blanket opt in for IP PINs unless you live in one of the test states (and I heard the test program may have closed at this time) so you cannot request one at this time.  Usually you dont get hit with an  \n\n IRS Letter 5071c  again once they pass you in the system.   https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-An-Identity-Protection-PIN 
If you are not being reimbursed by your employer, these are deductible as an Unreimbursed Employee Business Expense, and would be entered on Schedule A.  Only the amounts spent in excess of 2% of your adjusted gross income will actually be deductible on Schedule A, and all your itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for there to be any tax benefit. 
Call customer support during the work week. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue.  Dont use the word Refund since you will get funneled to automated tax refund sites.  (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Two questions here:When filing an original return, you cant file state only.  You can either file state and federal at the same time, or you can file federal only and then log back into the program to file the state after the federal return is accepted (this normally only takes a day or so.)  Amending a return means filing a second return to correct an error in your original return. Amended returns cant be e-filed, they have to be printed and mailed only.  They consist of a complete paper copy of your corrected tax return plus a cover sheet that summarizes the changes. 
If you filed your tax return on paper, your refund could take up to eight weeks to process.https://www.individual.tax.virginia.gov/VTOL/IndRefundStatus.seam 
You have to click YES to being claimed.  Did someone tell you to click on NO?  Maybe they said to go to No 3 (meaning number).  Click on Personal Info then click Edit by his name and scroll down to #3 
Some of that may be TT fees that you had deducted. Otherwise, the IRS will be mailing you a letter about the difference. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
The IRS will send you a bill in the mail for the penalties.  See this IRS Tax Topic for penalties - https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc653.html 
Answered in the comments 
Although it can show in your account the day before I wouldnt  count on it. 
Youre using the Basic version of TurboTax Online, its not free. Have you used TurboTax Online in the past? Did you transfer your prior year tax information?To determine the version of TurboTax Online youre using, look to the top of the TurboTax Online screen.To use a less expensive version of TurboTax Online, like the Free Edition, you can create a new TurboTax Online user account and start over or contact TurboTax Support. To contact TurboTax Support, go here to receive a phone number: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/ 
Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3352811-where-is-my-profanity-removed-tax-return 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.
The winnings are  2016 taxable income.  The question is whether or not your usual W-2 withholdings, if any, are sufficient to cover the taxes on the winnings.  Probably not.You should investigate making one or more Estimated Tax payments, both Federal and State.You can do this by logging back in to TurboTax 2015 - see image below and follow these steps.\nGo to PERSONAL and Other Tax Situations in the Tabs shown in the image.\nSince you probably are only going to have this extra income once or rarely, skip the W-4 question and answer No.\nAt Estimated Taxes for 2016 answer Prepare Now\n\nAt Review, answer Yes to the question Do you want to adjust your income?\n\nEnter your 2016 Filing Status and Number of Dependents [may not have changed from 2015]\n\nEnter Your 2016 Earned Income - Here enter your 2015 Total Earned Income or any change for 2016\nDo the same for Enter Your 2016 Medicare Wages\n\nDo the same for your expected Investment Gains and Losses\n\nOn Enter 2016 Other Income enter your Form 1099-G [yes, you will receive one!] gambling/lottery winnings!\nThese four advisory pages explain why and when to pay Estimated Tax.\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Forms/What-is-IRS-Form-1040-ES--Estimated-Tax...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--How-to-Determin...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/Tips-for-Paying-Estimated-Taxes...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--Common-Question...\n\n 
When you file you shoukd always download the tax file and PDF of your tax return for your records so you will have it for future use.    You can do that anytime until October of the tax year when the online system is shut down and information is archived.   TurboTax does not provide free storage for tax returns after October.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488
IRS pub 15, see page 50https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p15.pdf 
Yes, because HOH gets a higher Standard deduction.Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
Contact Customer Service Mondy - Fridayhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
[number removed] is a valid number for the Security and Privacy Team.Similar security alerts are sent when you or someone else opens a new account with your SSN or other personal information. Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  You can use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/However, it is also possible for scammers to copy and alter legitimate emails.  For example, Turbotax will never tell you to install files from an email attachment, or to send personal information via email.  If you believe that you did not create a duplicate account, you should read the below advice and call TurboTax Privacy & Security right away.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4838253\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n 
When\nyou log in, see if there is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.  \nClicking that should take you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf\nit acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have\nmultiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.\n\nUse\nthe tool below to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each\nemail address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters.
Im in an infinite loop. Talk to me at [removed] 
The two versions of the program (Online and Desktop) are completely separate.  Buying one does not equal the other, and the two sets of files do not automatically transfer.When you filed online for 2014, your files were stored online. When you installed the 2015 program on your computer, you could not find the previous year because the program only searches the local hard drives, it does not search online.  There is a process to download the old file from online, but you didnt do it.  Instead, you completed your tax return online just like last year and never actually used the Desktop installed version.  Now that it is time to file, naturally the Online version wants payment because thats what you are using.Fortunately, you can transfer the file from Online to your computer, and finish up using the CD you already paid for.  Log into your account and go to My Account/Tools/Save my 2015 Return to My Computer.  This will download a copy of your (unfinished) 2015 tax return to your hard drive, typically wherever download files go (your Downloads folder or your Documents folder, usually.)Next, start Turbotax on your computer.  If you havent been using it, it will probably need to install some updates.  If you are filing a state tax return, you will also need to install the state module before you can open your tax file, so go to the File Menu and select Install a State.Then you will be able to open and view your tax return file on your computer.  Save a backup copy, review anything that needs to be reviewed, then click the File tab to file the return.Note that with the CD version, state preparation is free but state e-filing is $25 extra.  Your cost will still likely be less than the online version, and if you dont want to pay the state e-file fee you can print the return and mail it in for free.Also note that, when using the Desktop version, there are no copies of your finished return stored online.  Only you have copies.  So make a backup, because if your hard drives crashes or gets a virus, no one else will have a copy but you. 
If you enter the actual AGI, it will work.You will have to file on paper via US Mail, since either you or IRS don't know the AGI.
You are in the US forum, not Canada.https://support.turbotax.intuit.ca/contact/
Triplicate post. 
Because the property was jointly owned i.e. both of your names were on the note, they sent  each of you a 1099-C for the total write-off amount.  You therefore , while filing a joint return for the Fed and the state, enter only one of the 1099-C-- not both. I am assuming that  (a) your are filing MFJ ( Married Filing Joint ) and  (b) the total amount of write-off is $125,000.If this is not the case then you need to give more of the situation so one give a more specific answer --pk 
2015? Are you following these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online 
You can add her phone number to the account and she can have the code texted to her .... or .... you can get the code texted to you or emailed to you and you can give it to her.  Once the computer she uses is confirmed she will not need the code again. Or save a PDF of the return and give her a copy of it on a thumb drive. 
Have you entered all of your other (joint) income yet?  Also, if you are using TT desktop, please run a software update.If you are using TT Online (web) and havent filed yet, you must pay any TT fees before you can view the worksheets in their entirety.
Folks who have already received their refunds generally arent looking at this board any longer. However, the fact that you are using TT H&B leads me to suspect that the IRS wants to verify your business (self-employment) income, as well as any estimated tax payments that you made.  If any of that income was in cash, send them whatever proof you have. 
The fix it now warning will go away eventually however go to the FILE tab and change from efile to mail in return then save a fresh PDF of the return which you should have already done so you are not dependent on the TT program for a copy in the future.Always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year right AFTER it\nhas been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you will always have\naccess to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5372370 
To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You can use TurboTax 2015, current year, to produce calculations of your Estimated Tax payments to be made over the next 9 months -[May-January].You should not add to your cost basis any property taxes because you would or will have already reported the taxes as deductible expense against either your business/rental income or else against your personal income. The same would be true for the mortgage interest.  In both cases, adding that to the cost basis would be double counting.Any expense for which you received reimbursement is therefore in effect no cash out of your pocket and is not deductible.The capital gains are  2016 taxable income and assuming that your usual W-2 withholdings, if any, are not sufficient to cover the taxes, follow these steps after coming to an estimate of the gain to be reported.You should investigate making one or more Estimated Tax payments, both Federal and State.You can do this by logging back in to TurboTax 2015 - see image below and follow these steps.\nGo to PERSONAL and Other Tax Situations in the Tabs shown in the image.\nSince you probably are only going to have this extra income once or rarely, skip the W-4 question and answer No.\nAt Estimated Taxes for 2016 answer Prepare Now\n\nAt Review, answer Yes to the question Do you want to adjust your income?\n\nEnter your 2016 Filing Status and Number of Dependents [may not have changed from 2015]\n\nEnter Your 2016 Earned Income - Here enter your 2015 Total Earned Income or any change for 2016\nDo the same for Enter Your 2016 Medicare Wages\n\nDo the same for your expected Investment Gains and Losses - enter the gain here\nThese four advisory pages explain why and when to pay Estimated Tax.\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Forms/What-is-IRS-Form-1040-ES--Estimated-Tax...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--How-to-Determin...\n\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/Tips-for-Paying-Estimated-Taxes...\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Small-Business-Taxes/Estimated-Taxes--Common-Question...\n 
Once the IRS sends the refund it is up to  your bank to accept the deposit so watch your account for that to happen.  If the site said 5/4 then dont expect it to show before that date. 
Yes you can apply the 2014 refund to the 2015 return and they should not bill you for the balance due or any penalties.  So that the 2014 processes first make sure to mail that return in at least 3 weeks before you mail in the 2015 return.
The rent you pay in IL is not deductible.  And your decision to rent out the TX house is a personal decision for you to make. If you need to offset the costs of keeping the TX home then rent is out. On your return the expenses will offset the income to the point there is usually a loss on the situation so it doesnt hurt you to make the property a rental as a general rule. 
The free state promo for TT Federal Free users ended on March 31. 
Line 11 on form 2106 is the date a vehicle was placed in service and has nothing to do with a W-2. Remove the form and the incorrect entry .https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3163546-remove-form-2106 
Amended return must be filed by mail. and take several months to process.You are better off sending the IRS a Change of Address:.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...
You claimed non cash donations  and  unreimbursed employee business expenses on your tax return so the IRS wants proof of the expenses  so send what ever supporting documents you have but dont send in original documents ( send copies). https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sa.pdfIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your\nletter.  Then it will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will\nshow you the phone number during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n 
You cannot efile the federal return twice so change the federal return to mail in and then efile the state.  However  if you are given no other choice then go ahead and efile the fed again and dont be surprised if it rejects tomorrow. 
go to the List of Forms, and delete  Schedule C. 
If you see the prior year returns in your timeline then you dont have to upgrade anymore you just need to pay for the program.To pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
TurboTax Business is not an online product.  It is a desktop product only.  Tom Young 
You will need to make payment via some other method.  IRS DirectPay seems to be easiest.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay
This seems to happen when the PDF is created after your return was rejected the first time, but was not updated after your return was accepted.  You have to bump the program to get it to build a new PDF.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993
Online is only good for 1 return.  If you did a second return in the same account then it overwrote the first one and the first return is gone. 
Yes, you should never mess with a return once it filed when you use the Online program.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3129340-where-is-my-tax-timelineMake sure you are using the same user name . 
You need to be in your return.  You need to have your return open to get all the choices under my account to show up.  Try this...go to the Tax Timeline and click on Add A State and that will let you back into your return. 
Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat are being requested ... \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your\ninformation for both 1095-A forms:\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all\nyear (since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter your first 1095-A.\n\nAfter you enter the details\nfor your first 1095-A, you will have the option to provide information for the second Form 1095-A.\nTurboTax will use the information from both forms to automatically fill out\nForm 8962 and submit it to the IRS with your tax return. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
When import is not possible, select instead the "I'll mail it in" option. 
If it is not a sole  proprietor or one owner LLC ( which has NOT chosen to file as Corp), you need TurboTax business to prepare and file the return -- you cannot file a 1040.  Please tell us more about the entity type that you are filing for -- as Lisa995 asked 
Only the 2015  returns can be efiled now ... all prior years must be mailed.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
You have to manually tell TT/Calif what portion of the total AZ income is being taxed by Calif, the AZ adjusted gross income (TT/Calif should already have that), and the AZ tax liability (TT/Calif should already have that as well).Since its the nonresident state taking this credit the full information needed to compute it is not available to TT/Calif so you have to help tweak it. 
Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
AbrahamVera,   assuming that you are filing a Married Filing Joint ( MFJ ) return, you show  your world income  and that of your spouse ( if any ) and then  TurboTax will guide you on how to include your dependents ( your children etc. that you support) and it will automatically  the exemptions related to the two of you --- you do not have to add yourself and your spouse as a dependent. Generally, you cannot claim your wife as dependent. 
The program calculates this automatically. 
Then, on Monday, call  TT support for a download of the program so you can compute your state returns.If you started your\n2015 return in TurboTax Online and want to switch to the TurboTax software,\nheres how.\n\n1.    Save your online return as a tax data file.\n\n2.    Sign out of TurboTax Online.\n\n3.    Install your 2015 TurboTax software.\n\no    Important: If your return includes a state, make sure you also\ninstall the corresponding state program(s), otherwise youll get Error 539.\n\n4.    Once installed, choose File > Open\nTax Return in the software\nprogram.\n\n5.    Browse to where you saved your .tax2015 file and click Open.\n\n6.    If you get an error, delete your tax data file\nand repeat these steps from the beginning.If you and your spouse are filing a joint federal return but you\nwork in or are residents of different states, you may need to file separate\nstate returns.\n\nSometimes this is required by state tax law; other times it is\nto your best interest to not include your non-resident spouses income on your\nstate return. Otherwise both states may try to tax the same income.\n\nYou can use TurboTax Online to file separate state returns, but\nwe recommend you use the CD/Download software\nversion to do thisbecause\nyoull only need to pay for one TurboTax product (you can file up to 5\nreturns).\n\n\n \n \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n  \n \n \n \n\n \nTip: If you already\nstarted your return in TurboTax Online, we recommend that you transfer your tax file to\nthe CD/Download version. You will save time by entering less information.\n\nHeres a brief overview of the procedure, see the sections below\nfor detailed steps:\n\n\n Youll prepare one married\n     filing jointly (MFJ) return to file with the IRS.\n\n Prepare a mock\n     married filing separate (MFS) tax return for each taxpayer. This is for\n     your records only, and will be used to generate separate state returns for\n     each person. the mock federal returns are Not filed.\n\n Then for the first taxpayer, label\n     and use the first mock married filing separate (MFS) federal\n     return to prepare their state MFS return, using only their income and\n     their half of the deductions from the MFJ federal return.. \n     This ensures that TurboTax only transfers the first taxpayers income to\n     their married filing separate state return. File this MFS state return, but not the mock federal return that it\n     pulls the information from.\n For the second taxpayer (spouse), label and use the\n     second mock MFS federal return to prepare their state MFS\n     return, again using only their income and their half of the deductions\n     from the MFJ federal return.\n     Again, file the second MFS state\n     return, but not the second mock federal return\n     that it pulls the information from.\n\n\nBe sure to name each TurboTax federal return so you know the MFJ\nfederal return to file, and which mock MFS federal and state return is for\nwhich person. \nYes, this can be tedious, but this is often the best way to ensure you\naccurately minimize state tax situations with two different state incomes.\n\nNote:  State returns\nprepared using the Mock federal returns will require you to print\ 
You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
You get those things right off the form 1040 ...        Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software
Line 2 put 10Line 3 put  $500 
If you have or will mail in the federal return then the state return MUST also be mailed in so make the correct choice in the FILE tab to get rid of the error. 
If the non refundable energy credit you were able to use offset your tax liability, your refund would be whatever tax was withheld plus any refundable credits your received. You can carry forward the amount of unused credit on line 16 to your 2016 tax return. 
You can see the date of your scheduled direct debit for your tax payment by downloading or printing your completed return.  Follow the steps in the answer below and look for your payment date on the Federal Information Worksheet, Part V. or the State Information Worksheet.Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (see directions below), or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet.  If no date is specified on the form, then the debit will default to 4/18/16.Note often the fed and/or state are a few days delayed!Note:  More information on the direct debit payment option can be found in the link below.What-is-direct-debit-and-how-does-it-work 
The $39.99 you were charged was for use of the TurboTax program to prepare your state tax return. The fee is the same whether you efile or mail your state return. 
Qualifying Widow (or Qualifying Widower) is a filing status that is allowed for for two years after the year of your spouses death, assuming you did not remarry.Hopefully, you filed a Joint return in 2013, and are correctly noted the date of death on your 2013, 2014 and 2015 returns.  Go to Personal info to check this. 
You must use TT Canada for the Canadian returns, and TT USA for the USA return. Are you aware that both of them are overdue?  However, there is no penalty in the US if you are getting a refund. 
yes, its a foreign account. 
Use the account recovery tool with every email address you might have used that you still have access to.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you cant find it, you will need to call customer support.  Note that you can only file a 2014 return using turbotax installed on your own computer from a CD or download, so if you want to transfer the 2013 info, you need to download the 2013 file to your computer, not just locate it.\nCustomer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
TurboTax support will open Monday morning at 8:00 AM Pacific time. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041 
If it was more than any TurboTax fees you may have had paid out of your federal refund, you will receive a notice within a couple of weeks from the IRS advising you why they made the change and what actions you can take going forward. 
It seems okay to me.  Most likely you could have done it with four lines of exemption code C, but this is okay.You must have entered you were out of the country January-June and August-December.  For It lists the four of you with exception code C (column c) for being out of the country January-June and August-December.Lines 8-11 gives you the exemption code B in column c for a Short Coverage Gap. 
\n\nIf you\nhave signed onto your 2015 online account and working on the 2015 tax\nreturn, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.\n Then click on Tools.\n Then on My Fees\n\nOr -\n\nIf you\nhave filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign\nonto your online\naccount and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Get order details\n\nOr -\n\nUse\nthis TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
your amended return should show an overpayment of $834. 
If your computer is lost, then anyone who comes across has access to your tax returns and SSN.  Please run a credit report check. 
They probably entered your email or phone number by accident and are probably wondering why the codes never come thru ...\n  \nThere is no procedure to\ndelete, close or merge an account since accounts may contain past tax\ninformation that needs to be preserved. You can just let it go\ndormant.  To secure your\naccount, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address into your\nbrowser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or whatever\nsymbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change your\npassword, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou also have the option to\nturn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.  With 2-factor\nauthentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or cell phone when you\ntry to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your password and also\nhas possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is more likely to be\nthe real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication whenever you log\nin from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you can turn it on for\nall log-ins in your security settings. 
From the way youve stated things it almost sounds like you sold shares from two different ESPPs.  Ill assume thats NOT the case.All ESPP sold on same date, some qualified Short term & some long term on 1099-B.The terms Disqualifying Dispositions and Qualifying Dispositions have some specific meaning when it comes to the sale of stock acquired via an ESPP.  A sale that is short term - stock owned a year or less before being sold - cannot be a Qualifying Disposition.  Such a sale is a Disqualifying Disposition.  A sale that is long term - stock owned over 1 year before being sold - might or might not be a Qualifying Disposition.  A Qualifying Disposition meets the following two criteria:\n    It is more than a year after the purchase of the shares, and\n    It is more than two years after the grant date.\n\nIm dropping the word qualified from your statement and simply reading it as: All the shares acquired via the ESPP were sold on the same day.  Same sales were short term and some sales were long term.However they reported gain from short term ESPP sale (on 30.Nov.2015) as DQDIS on W2.OK, that means its a Qualified ESPP.  DQDIS translates into Disqualifying Disposition and thats only relevant if the ESPP itself is a Qualified ESPP.For\n the ESPP in question, I dont know if its qualified or dis-qualified \nESPP. All I know is its long term and acquired date 1.Oct.2014; sold \n30.Nov.2015 on 1099-B.Weve answered the question about whether the ESPP is Qualified or not, and weve determined that the stock sold that was short term is not a Qualifying Disposition.  I think what you are referring to in this sentence is the stock sold that was long term and I think what is confusing you is that theres no income associated with this portion of the sale reported on the W-2.Youve not been particularly clear in your statements here We \nwent back /forth with the ex-employer & broker thinking its DQDIS, \nbut they reviewed again & again & said it wont report it to W2. \nWhat does that mean ?What that undoubtedly means is that this portion of the sale is a Qualifying Disposition.  Employers are not required to report compensation income - if any - on the W-2 for Qualifying Dispositions.They\n wont tell if its Qualified or DisQualified. For that info they made us \ngo in circles between ex-employer & broker. How do I find the grant \ndate for an ESPP - is this info available in public domain for any \ncompany?Weve determined that this portion of the trade is a Qualified Disposition.  In a Qualifying Disposition the amount of compensation income created by the sale is the lesser of:\nThe discount determined as if you bought the shares on the grant date, or\nThe difference between the proceeds from the sale and the actual amount you paid for the shares.\nHave you asked the broker, the ex-employer or the administrator of the ESPP exactly why you havent received a Form 3922?  You should have.If the company is a public company you might be able to determine the grant date from publicly available information.  the SECs site - sec.gov - would be the place to look, but the company should have given you all this information when you began participating in the ESPP.  Where is that?Youve not been particularly clear in your statements here but your initial statement was ESPP long term with loss.  If thats really and truly the case and if these shares were sold in a Qualifying Disposition then there will be no compensation element created by the sale.  You can simply sell them as ordinary stock, at a loss.Tom
You can clear and start over in the version you want. Click on My Account then Tools then Clear & Start Over. 
If all of the boxes 1-8 [Income boxes] are empty or zero, then there is no taxable income and no requirement to file an Amended Return.If there are deductible amounts in boxes 9 -11 or a Foreign Tax Credit in Box 14, then it may be to your benefit to file the Amended Return, but the amounts would have to be of reasonable size to cause you to consider this.  Deductions would have to be great enough to change your Deductions from the Standard Deduction that was taken in Free Edition, to an Itemized Deduction - and that is possibly unlikely.  The Foreign Tax Credit in Box 14 would be a $ for $ credit against taxes that you currently owe - again my not be there (empty or 0) or may be insignificant. 
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\n \n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n
No. You both must print them yourselves.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2962760-print-2014-return 
To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Customer support will open Monday morning at 8:00 AM Pacific time. 
Also check here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3131147-how-do-i-unamend-a-tax-return 
Well, the entry/correction is fairly straightforward.1) IF you havent filed your LA taxes yet...you just go to the Federal section where the 1099-R is, and EDIT that 1099-R...and step the the follow-up pages and select the Federal Retirement Benefits (Code 04E) selection as shown below for a person with $25,000 of Military pension.   You have to do that every year when you enter your Military 1099-R as long as you remain a Louisiana resident.  (Military pension is just one of the Federal retirement systems)2)  If youve already filed Federal and LA...and the e-files were accepted...then you start and an LA amendment, and then go to the Federal section and edit the 1099-R (as noted above...and picture below)....then print and mail-fiel the amendment to LA.___________________________________If you need help doing this......would probably be a good idea to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Wait for the IRS to mail you a check, which they will do automatically. 
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
\n\nDo I put the same amount for Form 2106 Line 11 as in my W2 box 1?\n\nYes, if that W-2 is the only job you had the employee business expenses for. 
To open a .taxfile that has a state in it you have to install & update your program and then install & update the state program or you will get a nasty error message.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301890
Contact TurboTax support for assistance with this issue.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Maybe. The loss may or may affect  your bottom line.  I suggest you save a copy of your current return, then click amend enter the loss and see the effect. If it changes your return, mail the amended return. If not, still save it for the recalculated capital loss carry forward to 2016.If this is your first time filing, how do you know you even have a carry over? 
The voucher printing out should have been a hint  so .... Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf you owed the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity of this situation . https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489 
If your son failed to check the box that he can be claimed as a dependent by another taxpayer and you are entitled to claim him, then he must amend to correct that.    Amended returns take up to 16 weeks (4 months) to process so you will have to mail file this year.To amend his 2015 tax return: He should wait until his return has been processed and you received any refund or conformation that any tax due has been paid.  (If you file an amended return while you first return is being processed it can cause extended delays for both returns if two returns are in the system at the same time).  In addition, if the IRS makes any change on your original return, you might end up having to amend the amendment  a sticky process that can take a year or more).    See this TurboTax FAQ for help with amending:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedYou can check the status of your mailed amended return at this link but allow 3 weeks after mailing before checking. http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
You do not need to file an amended return for that correction when there is no difference to the bottom line.
It may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific 
The Adjusted Gross Income is shown on your tax return that you can download, Form 1040 Line 37, Form 1040A Line 21.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
All you can do is send them the supporting documents you have to prove your claim the the HOH filing status and they will decide if they are good enough.  Read this from the IRS ...https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc654.html
I wouldnt recommend using turbo tax or do taxes yourself unless you have somewhat of an understanding of what is involved or an idea how to research and figure things out.  Too much grey area to go in blind, 
You can only efile the state return after the federal return has been accepted from the same account.  So you might have to wait a couple days for federal to be accepted.  Are you using the Online version or the Desktop CD/Download program?  For the Desktop program, Try this,  You first need to update your program with the federal efile status.  Go up  to FILE - Electronic Filing - Check Electronic Filing Status.  Then save your return, go to FILE - SAVE.  Then close your return and reopen it and go though the File TAB again to file state.ps....your sentence is about how to PAY the state tax.  Either check by mail or by direct debit.  Direct Debit is how to pay the tax not how to file the return.
When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe 
You can see the date of your scheduled direct debit for your tax payment by downloading or printing your completed return.  Follow the steps in the answer below and look for your payment date on the Federal Information Worksheet, Part V.  There is also a State Information Worksheet.  These forms will list what account you chose for the direct debit.  If its in error, you need to contact the bank and hopefully it can be refunded. Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (see directions below), or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet.  If no date is specified on the form, then the debit will default to 4/18/16.Note:  More information on the direct debit payment option can be found in the link below.What-is-direct-debit-and-how-does-it-work
Since there are 4 of you on this policy and 1 of them is not on this tax return then you can allocate the policy credit any way you all agree to split it.  The usual % allocation in the case where you have a non dependent child on the policy is that you take 100% and they take 0%. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5282342 
You need to do nothing, the IRS will convert the returned refund to a check mailed to the address on the tax return. This process will add up to 3 weeks to the process. As to what happened at \n\nSanta Barbara tax product group you will need to contact them for an answer.  Check  SBTPG by\nlogging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr\nyou can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx 
Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundNote:  If you cannot get into your account, you probably have multiple accounts with TurboTax and are signing in to the wrong one. Try:\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Customer support will be available on Monday at 8 a.m. Pacific time.To call TurboTax customer support\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
If you printed your return or you saved it to your desktop as a .pdf, then look at the  Federal Information Worksheet or the State Information Worksheet.  Directions should be listed.Important: Be sure to choose download all forms and worksheets (, or you may miss the Federal Information Worksheet. 
Sure, just log in and remove the child so the return is just like the IRS changes.  Then complete the amendment process and choose the mail in option in the FILE tab when you get to that area. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot...
Site is working fine now ... you may have caught a server update ( they do that on Sundays) ... although you can shop around as you can usually find the program downloads cheaper at places like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/http://www.quicken.com/personal-finance/quicken-home-business-2016 
Yes that is confusing ... the code P on the 2015 form means you need to put it on the 2014 return but when you enter the 1099-R dont enter the code P again ... only enter the other code. 
If you qualify as a dependent then they can claim you without your permission and as a non relative you cannot make more than $4000 in 2015 to still be a dependent.Qualifying Relative -1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4000 (social security does not count) in 20154. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year.6. The person must not file a joint return with their spouse.As to filing requirements ... https://www.irs.gov/publications/p554/ch01.html 
Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user\nname and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n 
No. You each just enter the amounts you individually paid. You do not need a form 1098, to enter your deduction.
No. Neither you or your mother enter child support as income. 
Try these tools:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator\n\n https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools \n\nhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster\n\n\n\n\n\n 
In the Health Insurance section you should have said .... When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select  yes if you were in the states and the insurance qualifies under the ACA rules  and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select NO  and you are done.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information. 
You can delete your\nTurboTax Online state return as long as you havent paid for it yet (or\nregistered in a free version):\n\n1.    Sign\nin to your return, if youre not already signed in.\n\n2.    Click State\nTaxes near the\ntop of your screen and proceed to the Status of Your State Returns screen.\n\n3.    On\nthat screen, click the Delete link right next to the Edit button, and then answer Yes.\n\nIf you dont see the Edit or Delete button on the Status of Your State Returns screen and havent paid or\nregistered, please do the following:\n\n1.    Click State\nTaxes.\n\n2.    Proceed\nto the Status of Your Returns screen.\n\n3.    Click Start next to the state you want to\ndelete.\n\n4.    After\nthe transfer of the information completes, click Continue.\n\n5.    Once\nthe next screen has loaded, click State Taxes and proceed to the Status\nof Your Returns screen.\n\n6.    Click Delete next to the state that you want\ndeleted.\n\n7.    Click Yes.\n\nIn some cases, you wont\nsee the option to delete, just Edit and Start Over. This\nis because you either already paid for your state or registered your free version\nwhile that state was attached to your return.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Save a PDF of the return  and look at your form 1040 to see which one you used ...TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n 
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639        TurboTax doesnt store a copy of your W-2. Try asking your\nemployer or their payroll provider for a reissued\nstatement if you\nneed a replacement copy.\n\nIf that doesnt work, you can order a copy of your 1978 (or\nlater) W-2 from the Social Security Administration. Theyre free if you need\nthem for a Social Security-related reason; otherwise its $37 per W-2. See SSA FAQ 3836 for details.\n\nWage and income transcripts are available from the IRS free of charge. Theyre not exactly\ncopies of your W-2, but they contain everything on your W-2 except the state\nand local information. You can also order a full copy of your return from the\nIRS for $50, which will include your W-2, but its cheaper to get it from the\nSocial Security Administration. 
All you have to do is file the non resident VA and allocate the VA income to VA so only the non military income will be taxed. 
Yes you must amend to report it.I assume that box 2a is the same as box 1 making it all taxable.Enter a 1099-R  here:  (or edit the one that you already entered on the amended return)Federal Taxes,Wages & IncomeIll choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement Plans & Social Security,IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R).OR  Use the Tools menu  (if online version under My Account) and then Search Topics for 1099-R which will take you to the same place.Be sure to choose which spouse the 1099-R is for if this is a joint tax return.Be sure to pick the correct 1099-R type:  Standard 1099-R, CSA-1099-R, CSF-1099-R, RRB-1099-R.The interview will ask if you rolled the money into a Roth IRA - answer yes,Then it will ask if you moved funds - check yes that you moved funds back to a Traditional IRA (recharacterization),That should but the amount on line 15a on the 1040 form (11a on 1040A) with ROLLOVER next to it and zero taxable amount in line 15b (or 11b 1040A). 
There is no way to upload a tax return for the current year to TurboTax Online. 
You can delete a amended return that you have not submitted by deleting the form.Turbotax FAQ https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4540183 
If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating multiple test\ncopies: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\n\n  Or use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form\nname.. area type What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the\nworksheet - click on Open Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n \n\nYou CANNOT massage the .tax file in any way when\nusing the TT On-Line version.  ANY\nchanges (what-ifs) that you\nmake will PERMANENTLY change you .tax file.\n\nYou have 2 options:\n\nBuy the Desktop version and\ninstall it on your computer --you can download the .tax2015 file from your\nOn-Line return and use it to open your Desktop version.  (You CANNOT upload the .tax2015 from a Desktop return to\nwork in the 2015 On-Line version.)  The Desktop\nversion CAN do What-If\nscenarios.\n\nor\n\nCreate a new On-Line\naccount for each what-if\nthat you want to try.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you used TT desktop, the only copy was on your hard drive. 
You will need to file an amended return.  This is done by filing form 1040X. 
To make any changes in an original return, you have to prepare an amended return, Form 1040X.  The amended return cannot be efiled.  It has to be printed and mailed and can take up to 16 weeks for the IRS to process it.I dont know what all you did.  If you made changes without going through the formal amending process and tried to efile a second return, that wont work.  If thats what you did, youll need to put everything back like it was so you can properly amend the return.  An amended return has to start out with the original return as it was originally filed.If you did properly go through the amend process, then youll need to print and mail the signed Form 1040X, together with any other forms that changed or were added, a copy of the new W-2, and any additional required documents (if applicable.)Below are the instructions for amending a 2015 online return.   Again, if you made changes outside of these instructions, youll need to put the entries in your return back like they were so you can follow these instructions.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online 
First question I have for you is are you charging sales tax to your buyers as you are required to or minimally you must impute them and pay state sales tax withholdings for your sales (note there is an exemption on your purchases as you are intending to resell)...  http://www.salestaxsupport.com/sales-tax-information/sales-tax-help-questions/category/sales-tax-exe...https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Tax-Tips-for-Online-Auction-Sellers  seems you may be becoming a small business.For your recordkeeping purposes, just make sure your cash flows with the bank are reasonable as to what you report.  It would be decent tracking to write a check and put a note in the memo field and cash it for what you are buying.  Write as much information down and keep track, like dates, seller information, etc.  Burden of proof of cost is yours.....  it will all depend on if you get audited.Your question is a very good one but there is no hard fast rule as youre dealing in basically cash transactions so all I can say is keep good documentation (more is always better).
Yes, you must print and mail amended returns (and any supporting paperwork if required).  You are not able to file an amended return via e-file.
you provide an account exactly so that TurboTAX can take your fee from there if they choose to do so. Next time, dont use the pay from refund option. 
If you wish to claim your siblings as your dependents (and are legally allowed to), do the following:1.  Have your siblings file amended returns (Form 1040X) and indicate they can be claimed as dependents by someone else. Amended returns must be printed and mailed, and take 12 to 16 weeks to process.2.  In the meantime (do not wait for theirs returns to be processed), print and mail your tax return.3.  Send each tax return to the IRS in separate envelopes.  Do not combine them together. 
duplicate post 
Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning.To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
The Child Tax Credit can\nreduce your federal taxes by up to $1,000 for each qualifying child you have.\nThis credit reduces your tax bill dollar-for-dollar unlike a tax deduction that\njust reduces your taxable income.\n\nWe automatically calculate\nthe child tax credit for you, and let you know if your child doesnt qualify.\n\nThe Child Tax Credit is\nlimited to your tax liability, and cant reduce your tax below zero. In other\nwords, the credit you receive cannot be more than the tax you owe.  \n\nIn order to qualify for the\nChild Tax Credit, each child you claim must meet all of these requirements:\n\n        \nThe child is your son, daughter, stepchild, foster child,\nadopted child, brother, sister, stepbrother, stepsister, half-brother,\nhalf-sister, or a descendant of any of them (for example, a grandchild or niece\nor nephew) and\n\n        \nIs claimed\nas a dependent on your tax return with their Social Security\nNumber (SSN) or ITIN, and\n\n        \nIs under the age of 17 at the end of the year (they did not turn 17 during the year), and\n\n        \nThe child did not provide more than half of their own support,\nand\n\n        \nLived with you for more than half the year, and\n\n        \nIs a U.S. citizen, U.S. national, or U.S resident alien\n(being a resident of Canada or Mexico is not sufficient).\n\nFor more information about\nthe Child Tax Credit, refer to IRS\nPublication 972: Child Tax Credit. The Child Credit\nWorksheet on page 4 is a great way to see if you qualify for the credit.\n\nWhy did I get less than the\nmaximum $1,000 credit?\n\nAlthough the maximum Child\nTax Credit is $1,000, you may not qualify for this amount. Your credit will be\nreduced if your modified adjusted gross income is more than $110,000 if Married\nFiling Jointly, $75,000 if Single, Head of Household or Qualifying Widow(er),\nor $55,000 if Married Filing Separately.\n\nWhat is the Additional Tax Credit\n\nIf your Child Tax Credit is\nlimited because you dont owe a lot of taxes, you may qualify for the\nAdditional Child Tax Credit. The Additional Child Tax Credit is the refundable\nportion of the Child Tax Credit, meaning you could receive some of the credit\nas a refund even if you dont owe taxes.\n\nTurboTax automatically\ncalculates the Additional Child Tax Credit for you if you qualify.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy\nis My child Tax Credit Less Than Last Year?\n\n \n\nGEN12040\n\n-\nAnswered by TurboTax FAQ to this question
yes , you will treated as a self-employed person. The only extra hit you would get  is the extra 7.5% that you would pay ( self-employment taxes  vs Social-Security and Medicare). On the other hand  you could deduct against the income all expenses associated with this income --  home-office/ office, mileage, supplies etc. etc..  There is no other issue that I know of  -- health insurance, 401(k) HSA etc. all still operate similarly -- just that you have to be responsible rather than the employer.  Yes, you would have to pay estimated quarterly taxes for both Fed and State ( if your state taxes income ). TurboTax or other programs  can compute this for you. 
Based on the codes, this is from a ROTH IRA. If so, you already paid taxes on it in 2015 before you contributed it. Note that J8 is not a code. You have two codes and theyll both be selected in the TurboTax program one at a time. Code 8 indicates the amount reported on the 1099-R is a return of a contribution you made in 2015, and its taxable. Code J indicates that this returned contribution is from a ROTH IRA. Youll enter this 1099-R under the Personal Income tab in the Retirement Plans and Social Security section. Under that section elect to start/update IRA, 401(k), Pension Plans (1099-R) and go from there.
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
April 30 was a Saturday (when banks do not process). 
If you have not yet filed, click the Personal tab to exit the Filing interview, then click the File tab to restart the interview and change your answers.  However, understand that not all states will allow a direct debit via Turbotax.  If you are in one of the states that does not allow this, pay separately will be your only choice.If you have already transmitted your return, it is too late to change it.  If you need to make a payment to the state (either because you selected the wrong payment method or because your state does not allow electronic payments via Turbotax), then check your states tax web site for electronic payment options. 
NC requires a copy of State Tax Return to another state, and even proof of payment, to be attached to your NC return.You may dispute, by sending in these documents. 
Then youll need to file an amended return. \n\nIf you have already E-filed your tax return and need to make\na change for any reason, then you have no choice but to wait until the IRS\nprocesses your E-filed return. If the IRS rejects your E-filed return, then you\ncan just make the necessary changes and resubmit it.\n\nIf the IRS accepts your E-filed return, then you must WAIT\nuntil the IRS has processed your return, and until you have received your refund.\nThen you will need to file an amended return.\n\nIf your E-Filed return is pending, and you change anything\non your copy of your return, then you are guaranteed\nto have major issues with correcting\nor amending it later. So for your own sanity, do not touch anything until its\ntime, as clarified above. \n\nIf my return is accepted, why do I\nhave to wait for my refund before I can amend it?\n\nJust because the IRS has accepted your return, does not mean\nthat they agree with it. Sometimes, the IRS will catch your error (or some\nother error you dont know about) and go ahead and correct it for you. Youll\nknow that when your refund is not what you expected.  So you have to wait for the refund.  If that happens to you, then you will receive\na letter 3-4 weeks after you receive your refund, explaining what was changed,\nwhy it was changed, and with instructions on what actions to take if your\ndispute the change. If\nyou receive such a letter, post in this forum with the details (without including personal information)\nand well try to help you get your copy of the return in agreement with the IRS\nchanges, so you wont have issues importing next year.\n\n 
You have to pay for the upgrade before you will be able to access the prior year tax returns.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal account or billing records.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.   Support opens at 8am Pacific time, so youve got a little over an hour before they open.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.
No the federal tax return has not been accepted since you did not sign the return.  You can make any changes, deletions or additions needed on the return and then mail the return back to the IRS.  You do Not send an amended tax return since the original return was never accepted. 
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check your bank account information.  Log into your account and download or print all forms and worksheets.  It will contain an instruction page that shows what you said you would do (pay by check, electronic payment, etc.) and the account number.If you selected pay by bank debit and your account numbers are correct, then the IRS is probably just not caught up yet.  If you find that you said you would pay by check, or you find that your bank account number is wrong, you can make an online payment here, www.is.gov/payments\nIn the rare event that you did use a correct account number but the IRS is unable to process the payment, they will send you a bill.  I would not make any extra payments in the mean time because you could end up with a double payment that will take a long time to get back.  The interest rate on late payments is fairly lowthe big penalty is for not filing on time. 
Thankfully you are using the desktop version.Your basis will be the land basis plus the undepreciated amounts for each asset you entered in TT adjusted for any carryforward losses you may have.  Note that the states often use different depreciation methods and as well AMT may be different so you must look at depreciation reports for each.In TT choose top VIEW, then FORMS, under Schedule E close to bottom is the DEPRECIATION REPORT which will summarize all the information you need.  You will have to look at your state as different states, have different forms for Fed adjustments for depreciation. 
WELLLLL......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, but NC doesnt).TurboTax cannot arrange that NC payment for you with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html 
You can see your fees by opening your tax return then clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees. 
This is the TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Quicken in the Quicken Community, at the following link.https://qlc.intuit.com/ 
Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning. To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
You can get an estimate of what your taxes will be using this TurboTax tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/Assuming no federal income taxes or self employment taxes will be withheld on your lyft income, you will probably need to pay quarterly estimated taxes during the year. Your federal income will be taxed at the marginal tax rate on your net income and your self employment taxes will be about 15.3% of your net income. Your marginal tax rate (tax bracket) will be determined by your total income. 
If your state offers a payment option on their revenue website, with no fee, use it. Otherwise mail in a check for the amount due. 
Try a different internet browser. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.
if you have a 401k loan outstanding you may be able to pay it back.You cannot take a loan against an IRA, so there would be no way to get the money back into the IRA once it is out. 
If they just moved the FICA and Medicare to Federal withholding, then you will want to file an amended return to get that additional federal withholding refunded to you.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Then your only option is to print and mail the tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to print your tax return for mailing - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-online 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.
https://www.irs.gov/uac/Pay-Taxes-by-Electronic-Funds-Withdrawal\nIn the event Treasury causes an incorrect amount of funds to be withdrawn from a bank account, Treasury will return any improperly transferred funds.\nOnce your return is accepted, information pertaining to your payment, such as account information, payment date, or amount, cannot be changed. If changes are needed, the only option is to cancel the payment and choose another payment method.\n\nCall IRS e-file Payment Services 24/7 at 1-888-353-4537 to inquire about or cancel your payment, but please wait 7 to 10 days after your return was accepted before calling.\nCancellation requests must be received no later than 11:59 p.m. ET two business days prior to the scheduled payment date.\nIf a payment is returned by your financial institution (e.g., due to insufficient funds, incorrect account information, closed account, etc.) the IRS will mail a Letter 4870 to the address we have on file for you, explaining why the payment could not be processed, and providing alternate payment options.\nIn the event your financial institution is unable to process your payment request, you will be responsible for making other payment arrangements, and for any penalties and interest incurred.\nContact your financial institution immediately if there is an error in the amount withdrawn.\n\n 
You won't know until you do your tax return.  The withholding may be enough or you may owe more.  You don't actually pay the tax or 10% penalty (you pay a 10% early withdrawal penalty if you are under 59 ).  You had taxes withheld like from your paycheck. You still have to enter the whole amount (before taxes were withheld) with your other income to figure out the total tax (and it may put you into a higher tax bracket)  and then the withholding is subtracted from the total tax to figure your refund or tax due.  The withholding will show up on 1040 line 64 (1040A line 40).   The 10% penalty is on 1040 line 59. 
Customer support becomes available at 8 a.m. Pacific time on Monday morning. To call TurboTax customer supporthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You can ask them to unlock it for you.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If you made a payment, see the comment below.  If you requested a payment plan, you need to wait for the IRS to mail you a letter saying that the requested plan has been accepted or rejected, with further instructions and a schedule.  First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, if you made a direct payment, check your bank account information.  Log into your account and download or print all forms and worksheets.  It will contain an instruction page that shows what you said you would do (pay by check, electronic payment, etc.) and the account number.If you selected pay by bank debit and your account numbers are correct, then the IRS is probably just not caught up yet.  If you find that you said you would pay by check, or you find that your bank account number is wrong, you can make an online payment here, www.is.gov/payments\nIn the rare event that you did use a correct account number but the IRS is unable to process the payment, they will send you a bill.  I would not make any extra payments in the mean time because you could end up with a double payment that will take a long time to get back.  The interest rate on late payments is fairly lowthe big penalty is for not filing on time. 
Please READ this, your debt may still not be forgiven.a loan is secured by property, such as a mortgage where the home and land stand as collateral, and the lender takes the property as full or partial settlement of the debt, it is considered a sale for tax purposes, not a forgiven debt. In that case, you may need to report capital gains or losses on the sale of the property, but you will not need to add forgiven debt to your income. Read this in detail:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Home-Ownership/How-to-Avoid-Taxes-on-Canceled-Mortgag...Was I helpful? 
It can take several months for IRS to approve or deny an application for an installment agreement.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance due before the plan is approved (or denied) the easiest way is to use the IRS Direct pay website.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay 
Go to any phone store, mall, Walmart etc. and ask about the LifeLine cell phone plan for free and discounted cell phones for low income persons.  turbotax does not sell phones. 
If you are filing with Turbotax installed on your own computer from the download or CD (the desktop version), and if you started your return by transferring a previous return, then the account info from that return was automatically included.  You had the opportunity to change it, but might have missed it.  To check the account number that you transmitted with your return, open your return, switch to Forms mode, and look at Info Wks, I believe the bank account is in section 5.Since you now owe a payment, you can mail a check or pay electronically from www.is.gov/payments.  As long as you filed on time, the interest rate for a late payment is fairly small.  Don;t try and pay interest, just pay your tax and wait for the IRS to bill you. 
Your may have been able to claim insolvency.  However, if you filed by the April 2013 due date; it is now beyond the Statute of Limitations to file for a refund.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/p4681--2012.pdf 
Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Check your states tax web site for how to check your refund status. 
Is principle paid on an association clubhouse included in line C on for 1120 H?The entire payment is included on line C. Item C. is for the 90% expenditure test.  The IRS instructions include:  \nAt least 90% of the associations expenditures for the tax year must consist of expenses to acquire, build, manage, maintain, and care for property, and in the case of a timeshare association, for activities provided to, or on behalf of, members of the timeshare association. Include current and capital expenditures. Notice that the instructions specifically include capital expenditures.Are tax return preparation fees included on line C or line 15 on form 1120H?They are put on both.  Line C is not to determine deductible expenditures, but rather is for the 90% test.  Consequently, it will duplicate expenses shown elsewhere.If youre having difficulty with it, you may want to review the IRSs instructions for Form 1120-H here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1120h.pdf\n
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Why?  You may never know.   Random reviews can happen for no reason, they are just randomly selected.   You would need to ask the state for the reason your return was selected for review. 
The most likely scenerio is he also owes back taxes. Based on the reciprocity agreements with the states, the federal debt must be satisfied first before any funds can be offset to the states (including child support). 
If that is your only income you are below the filing requirement and do not have to file. 
For 2016 it would likely be best if you filed married filing jointly,.  In doing so, you would claim both yours and his exemption.For 2015 you would need to file as single.  To claim his as a dependent he would need to have lived with you all of 2015 and earn less than $4,000 subject to tax (social security doesnt count.) 
Unfortunately, this is one of the worst times to have to call the IRS. However, you need to be persistent in contacting them to work out a resolution. An alternative to calling, if you are able, is to go to your local office. The folks in Taxpayer Service will try and help you to set up payments, if thats what youre looking to do. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year you want from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 
Look at your Form 1040 Line 61 or Form 1040A Line 38.  If there is an amount shown on those lines then a penalty was assessed.  If neither line have an amount and the box for Full-year coverage is checked, then you are all good for 2015. 
This is a user forum and not TurboTax support.  You can speak directly with a TurboTax support agent and see if they can determine the amount sent with your extension.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation for TurboTax support - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
The usual reasons are that the IRS needs to verify something -- your income, a dependent, EIC, a large refund going to a new bank account, etc.  But they do not publicly disclose the criteria of why some returns are selected for verification.If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate 
Include with your amended return only those forms and schedules that have changed from your prior return.  You do not have to re-send your entire prior return.  You only have to sign the amended returns. 
If you did not use the TurboTax online editions for tax year 2014 or used only the Free edition, then access to your online returns ended on October 15, 2015.  You will need to start a 2015 online return and pay for the Plus edition (the least expensive edition at $29.99).  You do Not have to complete the 2015 return, only pay for the edition.  This will give you access to all your prior year returns until October 16, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
There are no TurboTax offices. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041 
State tax return software is not sold alone. You would have to buy the federal tax return software program that also includes state to be able to complete a state return. You would also have to complete the 2014 federal return before you could complete the state return. Here is a link to buy prior year products if you want to: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Have you thought about just downloading the Ohio state tax forms from the Ohio web site and completing them by hand? 
Under Wages and Income go down the list to Misc Income. There should be a button on the right that says show all.Where you were clicking is the description not an entry lineAt the very bottom of the list is a line that says Misc income 1099-A, 1099-C.  Enter your information there.Yes you do need to report the 1099-c and go carefully through the questions after that to see if you have any exception to taxable income. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use in response to the IRS notice - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
Unfortunately, a death in the family is made only more burdensome and disquieting by the taxation system.Until the scammers took over this past year, the IRS offered an online service to provide transcripts and account records directly online.  Now the process is more cumbersome and the transcripts and account records are postal mailed.  See links below.  The process will take anywhere from 2 to 4 weeks as the IRS is, apparently, understaffed.If you mother was employed, check with the past employer for a copy of a W-2.If she had bank accounts or brokerage or mutual fund accounts, check for Form 1099-INTerest, 1099-DIVidend  and 1099-Brokerage.  Also look for monthly or quarterly statements, or email notifications of same if she used email.Check to see if there is either a check or direct debit in her bank account with the payee being either the U.S. Treasury or the state of residence.  Alternatively, in the next several weeks, watch for a direct deposit of a refund, or receipt of a check.Here are the several relevant IRS web pages:\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript  by mail\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-to-Get-a-Transcript-or-Copy-of-a-Prior-Year-Tax-Return\nWhen you have this first matter resolved, come back to get instructions on the complex multiple tax filings that may be necessary - for income and deductions prior to death on Form 1040 and for income and deductions subsequent to death on Form 1041. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on tracking your GA return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2896705-how-do-i-track-my-georgia-tax-refund
If you used refund processing to deduct your Turbotax fees from your refund, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If you did not use refund processing, and your refund should have been deposited in your bank account, start by logging into your account and download or print the pdf for All forms and worksheets. Check the page of instructions for your bank account info, and make sure the account number and routing number are correct.  If both your bank and the IRS cant help you, use this link to start a Trace on your refund https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n 
What is happening when Wheres My Amended Return? shows the status is: Completed?This means your Form 1040X- Amended Tax Return has completed processing resulting in a refund, balance due, or no tax change. This timeframe also means all correspondence related to the processing of your amended tax return has been mailed to you.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...Most likely the letter is in the mail on its way to you. April 29 was just last Friday. 
After you have filed your 2015 tax return, you can find the FAFSA sheet listed on your Tax Timeline.  To access this, you will do the following: \nLog in to your TurboTax Online account\nClick on Taxes  (at the top of the page)\nChoose My Tax Timeline\nOnce you are in your Tax Timeline you will see several options listed under your 2015 tax return, locate view tax data for FAFSA\nClick to open, and choose that you are the parent.  \nIf you want to print the page, you will need to print screen, or take a screenshot and print that.
You cant use the current online software to prepare and file a 2013 tax return. Open the tax return you prepared and click on My Account then Tools then Clear & Start Over. This will delete the file. You will need to buy and download the 2013 CD/download product to prepare, print and mail a 2013 tax return. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
Go here for Canada:http://turbotax.intuit.ca/personal-tax-software/online-tax-software.jsp 
Are you asking if its deductible? You dont get immediate credit. Rather, the payments add to the cost of your\npension and makes a portion of the retirement payments tax free when you start\nto receive them. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Does that mean I didnt pay federal taxes on it yet even though it is from thee same job?Maybe.  Because different employers handle this in different ways, you really need to ask your employer what they did.
You need your entire SSN on an IRS tax document. 
If you file jointly, you are filing as one taxpayer.  Generally, if one spouse works a W-2 job, their taxes will be withheld timely by the employer.  The freelancing spouse should file quarterly estimated taxes to account for the net income (after expenses) and both self-employment tax and income tax.  But it is possible sometimes for the W-2 spouse to exaggerate their withholdingthe IRS just wants the money evenly over the year rather than paying a lump sum at the end. 
If the IRS reduced your refund, they will send you a letter explaining why. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get the refund.For more information, see the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288510
If the IRS is unable to direct deposit your refund into the checking account you specified, it will issue a paper check and mail it to the address shown on your tax return. 
You are askign from TT desktop. If thats what you used, look on your computer hard drive for .tax2014 and .tax2015 files. 
If you are using Turbotax installed on your own computer, and have your tax file open, that is a very odd error to get.  In some cases, Turbotax uses an internet explorer shell to retrieve certain information, so you might try quitting turbotax, then clear/reset the cookies and caches in Internet Explorer, then open your Turbotax file and try again.  I suppose it could also be an internet fault of some kind,or a bad installation of the program.The alternate method posted above should work as well.  When you have your tax file open, click the Forms icon at the top of the screen to switch to Forms mode, and look at the menu of forms on the left side.  Do any of them have a red (!) mark that indicates an error?If you cant get the e-file check to work in the program and want to ask tech support to help figure out why, you can try calling them.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
This is Turbotax, not H&R Block. 
The free state offer for TT Federal free users ended on March 31. And some TT users pay fees even though they owe taxes. 
\n\nIf you have already e-filed your\nreturns, you may revisit the software to prepare this form. To do so,\nfollow these steps:\n\n1.      Sign in to\nTurboTax Online\n\n2.      Click Taxes\n\n3.      Click My\nTax Timeline\n\n4.      Scroll\ndown to 2015, and see the SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO section\n\n5.      Click Add\na state under your 2015 tax return\n\n6.      Then\nfollow the steps below to prepare the form.\n\nThis is to get back in to\nthe tax preparation program.\n\nThen, to prepare Form 8379 for Injured\nSpouse allocation:\n\n1.      Click\non Federal Taxes (Personal, if using Home & Business)\n\n2.      Click\non Other Tax Situations\n\n3.      Click\non Miscellaneous Tax Forms\n\n4.      Click\non Report an injured or innocent spouse claim\n\n5.      Follow\nthe prompts \n\nSince you have already\nfiled your Federal tax return, you will have to prepare and mail this form\nto the IRS. To do so, after completing the steps above to add the form to your\ntax preparation, click My\nAccount (in the top right\ncorner), then Save and Sign Out immediately\nafter completing the form. Then follow these steps:\n\n1.      Sign back in to\nTurboTax Online\n\n2.      Click Taxes\n\n3.      Click My\nTax Timeline\n\n4.      Scroll\ndown to 2015, and see the SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO section\n\n5.      Click Download\nall forms and worksheets\n\n6.      Then\nprint and mail Form 8379\nfor Injured Spouse allocation \n\nThen you may refer to this link\nfor where to mail a Form 8379 that the original return was e-filed.  You\nwill need to select your state: https://www.irs.gov/uac/Where-to-File-Addresses-for-Tax-Professionals\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
Showing up where?   If its been more than 3 weeks since you mailed the amended return in, you can track its progress here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
Sounds like your employer is hiring you as independent contractors for the cleaning gig, rather than employees. 
$250 dollars is missing..Most likely the IRS adjusted and/or offset your refund. They will be sending you a letter. 
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.To check how you requested your refund and what account numbers you actually used, you can log into your account, download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the instructions page.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved. 
Seek help from the Taxpayer Advocate Office ... http://www.mass.gov/dor/individuals/taxpayer-help-and-resources/office-of-the-taxpayer-advocate.html 
Unfortunately, NC does not take the payment out. Instead you have to go to the NC website. See this answerhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5401872 
If you mailed your IRS return today (and state, if you have one) then you are done.  There is nothing else to do.You cant file an extension request after the deadline, and in any case there is nothing to request if you are mailing your final return.Any penalties are a percentage of what you owe, so if you are due a refund, there are no penalties.  If you owe, the IRS will mail you a bill for penalties and interest.The only thing I might suggest is using some type of mail service that has signature trackingeither through the mail or through FedEx or UPSso you have confirmation of when the IRS recieves it as well as confirmation of when you sent it. 
The IRS often applies a doctrine of substance over form.  If the substance of the transaction is that your cousin purchased a car, then the form of the transaction (title first to you then to him) is disregarded.  For that reason, I wouldnt attempt what you are suggesting.
On the IRS transcript ... are you looking at the EIC section ?  Only 3 children will be shown in that section which can be most confusing. Review the rest of the numbers on your return and the transcript  .... are the rest of the numbers correct?  Was the personal exemption amount $4000 x 6 = $36,000 on your return the same as it is on the transcript?  Really look carefully to compare all the figures for the income, AGI, filing status, exemptions, taxes owed & paid as well as the credits. Remember the transcript is not a complete copy of the return, just the highlights of the significant amounts. 
Indirectly answered by Texas Roger in the comments. My original question asks if my conditions qualify for full-time status, but the premise of the question was flawed. The American Opportunity Credit only requires that the student be half-time, not full-time. 
This forum is for TurboTax personal products, which are not licensed for tax professionals to file client returns.   If you are using Pro Series, then here is the link to Pro Series support:https://accountants.intuit.com/support/tax/proseries/index.jspTurboTax personal products allow efiling of personal returns until the mid-October extension deadline.  Pro Series ought to allow efiling at least that long, too.
If your parents can not claim you as a dependent, this post may help:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur... 
I see youre using Firefox, so you should be able to keep the verification \nscreen open while you use a second tab or second window\n to retrieve the code from your email.  Then you enter it in the screen \nthat you left open.  If you close that original screen, it resets \neverything, and the code will be seen as expired.If youd rather get text messages, see if you can do this?  See if you can click on MY ACCOUNT at the top of your TurboTax screen, and \nthen go into Account Settings and then to the Security tab.  Then scroll to Two-Step \nVerification.  You may be able to switch to text messages to get the\n code.If you are unable to use email or text messages to get the \ncode, does the interface where it asks for the code have a small link \nthat says something like Id like to use another method or Didnt get a code?   If so, try that.Also read this FAQ and see if any of the info is helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4576376 
To amend your return to add information you should wait until your tax return has been processed and the refund or payment has been cleared. Then you need to open your account and choose the Amend my return  under  Taxeshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online\n\nSign in to your TurboTax account. \nClick Taxes in the upper left corner.\nIn the 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend (change) return. If you dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You can make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\nIn the pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\n 
No, you dont need to do anything else.   TurboTax and NetSpend should have provided the IRS the routing number and account number for your particular NetSpend Card.You can monitor your Federal refund status at this link:http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf you had no TurboTax fees, or if you paid them upfront, the direct deposit should come directly from the IRS to your card.However, if you had any TurboTax fees that you paid out of your Federal refund (the refund processing service), that is handled by an intermediary company, SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   The refund first goes to one of their two banks where the fees are subtracted, then that bank sends the direct deposit on to your bank.  If you did use that service, once the IRS releases your refund, you can check on the status at the SBTPG website by signing into your temporary account there.  Use the Taxpayer portal below:https://cisc.sbtpg.comIf you did NOT use that service to pay TurboTax fees, then the above paragraph does not apply to you. 
You may have to open your return back up and print from the Print Center to get everything.  Ill tell you how to do that below if necessary.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but as you said above, it may not have everything you need.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that larger PDF have everything you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
Enter a 1099-Int  under Federal Taxes tabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Interest and DividendsInterest on 1099INT - Click the Start or Update button 
You will file as an independent contractor with 1099-misc income for all your non-employee income. Each individual 1099-misc does not have its own expenses. You can only claim an expense Once.Unless you have a personal phone as well as a business phone the IRS will disallow the expense unless you prove additional cost for use in the business and that there is minimal personal use.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3320228-how-do-i-deduct-cell-phone-bill 
Since OK told you to wait three weeks, thats what you need to do.  Only they can tell you the reason for the delay. 
Open your account and go to the menu at the top MY account. Look under Tools to find the My fees link.
Updating the application should not delete or change your tax data file.  The default location is your Documents folder and the default file name is firstname lastname 2015.tax2015.  Check your documents folder or do a search for .tax2015.  You should also keep backups of all your important files just as standard practice. 
No, the schedules should be included in your tax return if they were required to be filed.  See if the instructions below, for printing a copy of your return after filing, help.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
Do you mean you filed on Jan 30, 2016?Amended returns (Form 1040X)  must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process. See this:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
Sorry, in TurboTax Online there is no way to move information from one account to another. 
Youll need to contact TurboTax Customer Support by using the info below.  Tell the Support rep what your issue is; the rep will have the ability to connect you to a credentialed expert.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The answer is the same as last time you asked. Only the IRS or State can tell you the reason for the delay.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3291638-my-return-is-in-process-status-what-has-to-be-done-i-m-con... 
If your return is rejected, you can fix it and resubmit. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521
federal taxes/ wages & income/Ill chose what Work on/rental and royalties/update  or start.continue through toyour rental summaryA.rental incomeB.expensesC.assets <---------<<<<< here click updateD. Vehicle ExpensesAt the property asset summary screen for your property; click the edit..Answer question to set up properly in the tax programX rental  real estate propertyX residential rental  real estateyou now have a 27.5 year property for the improvements The total sales price should be allocated among all the assets (land, rental property, improvements, etc.)[You will need to calculate the percentage cost of each asset to overall cost basis]Enter the date of sale (same as the rental property) for each asset or improvement. If you have already allocated 100% of the sales price, then enter zero [entering a zero triggers Turbotax calculation] for these remaining assets and improvements.TurboTax will automatically write off the remainder of the basis (cost minus depreciation). You dont have to manually do that. 
Forget about it. It is too far in the past. 
The most likely error is typing a comma instead of a decimal point, or adding extra zeroes. Carefully work your way through Deductions and Credits. 
If you purchased a 2015 desktop product, and if you are needing to unlock a prior-year online return, youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support and inform them of your purchase and ask them to unlock the return.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Each tax year requires its own program so you will have to buy a new program every tax year. 
Did you enter the 1099-R on your 2014 tax return?   A code 8 return of contribution is not taxable unless there was earnings on the contribution which would have been reported in box 2a on the 1099-R which would have been added to the 1040 line 7 amount or line 15b depending on the type of account.  If an IRA then it should be on line 15b.Usually the earnings on a contribution returned in the same tax year are rather small and result in very little tax.If you failed to enter the 1099-R at all, then the IRS might be assuming that the entire box 1 amount is taxable. 
You dont have enough income to owe any tax. Your standard deduction and your own personal exemption get your taxable income to zero. Assuming youre filing head of Household, your standard deduction, alone, gets you to zero. The dependent  exemptions are going to waste.   You get no credits because you have no calculated tax to credit against Alimony is taxable, but child support is not. Alimony is not considered earned income. The money from refundable credits is calculated on earned income. Without any earned income, you dont get any of that child related money.The ex should be claiming the kids. 
It doesnt. IRS considers that a loan to the client, which is not tax deductible. And when the client pays you for it, that is repayment of a loan which is not included in gross income. 
you will have to prepare a revised 1040 with the new or corrected information.Then use Form 1040X to submit the changes (old vs. new).Do not include your old 1040 nor your revised 1040 because the Form 1040X reflects any changes there and becomes your new tax return.Include any new document only if it shows tax withheld, and include any other Sequence Numbered tax forms that changed due to your amendment. Attachment Sequence Number is on all the forms that come after 1040. 
You probably have another account.  Or did you use the Desktop CD/Download program?  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
Please contact TurboTax Customer Support for assistance during business hours using the info below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
No, you dont start all over. You have to file an amended return to add the new W-2 to the tax return that you already filed. Go to the following link for instructions to amend a 2015 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineAn amended return has to be filed on a special form, Form 1040X. It cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.Dont file the amended return until your first return has been accepted and the original refund has been paid or the payment has been deducted from your bank account.If you filed a state tax return, you will have to amend that as well. 
your bank information may have been incorrect.Also, some states do not accept direct debit info for payment 
Yeah there is however you have to break into the  return to see it ...Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return and you can get to the Print Center in the My Account drop down menu. 
You will need to call customer support. The first step is to determine what happened.  turbotax will not pay any tax owed but may pay penalties and interest if turbotax made the mistake.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\nAccuracy guaranteehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202723
Its not a lie. Free refers to federal only. As the product info says, state is additional. And it does not matter if you print or e-file when using TT Online. Its the same price either way. 
It appears that youve used the Free Edition for filing for 2015.  If you also used the Free Edition in 2014, youll need to make some type of payment for a TT product in order to access your 2014 return.  The Free Edition does not include the feature of ongoing access to your prior years returns.  See the instructions below for accessing a PDF file of your 2014 return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 
See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2860007-blank-screen-when-selecting-transmit-now-button-in-turbota... 
Assuming youve got your facts right, then you need to work through the Underpayment penalties interview. On the page titled Annualized Income Method answer Yes to the question.  The resulting interview will let you schedule out the income flow over the year.  That will minimize or even eliminate the calculation of the underpayment penalty for the first 3 quarters of the year.Tom Young 
To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Save/print a copy of the return with all the worksheets if you want to see the breakdown.        To save the return\nas filed only as a PFD or .Taxfile :\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nTo save the Return\nas filed with all the worksheets:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2919215-how-do-i-get-my-2014-return-with-all-schedule-copies\n\nOnce the PDF has\nbeen downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF\ncompatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\n 
If your tax return is not listed on the IRS wheres my refund site, then you may have never actually filed. Check here.   If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You may need to contact customer support to find the status of your returns. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\n 
Issue Number:    IR-2016-62Inside This IssueIRS Warns of Continued Scams, Varied Tactics as the Tax Deadline NearsWASHINGTON  The Internal Revenue Service today issued a warning that scammers may try using the April 18 tax deadline to prey on hard-working taxpayers by impersonating the IRS and others with fake phone calls and emails. Even after the tax deadline passes, taxpayers should know the telltale signs of a scam and tips to protect themselves from a variety of phone scams and phishing emails.Weve seen continuing activity in these scams throughout the filing season, said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. As the tax deadline nears, these criminals may try and trick honest taxpayers over the phone or via email, and people should remain vigilant. After the tax deadline, watch out for these scammers promising a refund or threatening you with an unexpected tax bill.These scam artists frequently masquerade as being from the IRS, a tax company and sometimes even a state revenue department. By email, they try enticing people to click on links on official-looking messages containing questions related to their tax refund. Report these emails to phishing@irs.gov. By phone, many scammers use threats to intimidate and bully people into paying a tax bill. They may even threaten to arrest, deport or revoke the drivers license of their victim if they dont get the money.Variations of these scams can be seen nationwide, and its more important than ever to be cautious with providing personal or financial information. As part of the effort to protect taxpayers, the IRS has teamed up with state revenue departments and the tax industry to make sure taxpayers understand the dangers to their personal and financial data as part of the Taxes. Security.Together campaign.  Some examples of the varied tactics seen this year are:Soliciting W-2 information from payroll and human resources professionals--IR-2016-34Verifying tax return information over the phone--IR-2016-40Pretending to be from the tax preparation industry--IR-2016-28There are some important reminders for taxpayers nationwide about these schemes:Watch Out for Threatening Phone CallsBeware of scammers making unsolicited calls claiming to be IRS officials. They demand that the victim pay a bogus tax bill. They con the victim into sending cash, usually through a prepaid debit card or wire transfer. They may also leave urgent callback requests through phone robo-calls, or via a phishing email.Scammers often alter caller ID numbers to make it look like the IRS or another agency is calling. The callers use IRS titles and fake badge numbers to appear legitimate. They may use the victims name, address and other personal information to make the call sound official.The IRS Will Never:Call to demand immediate payment over the phone, nor will the agency call about taxes owed without first having mailed you a bill.Threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law-enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.Demand that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe.Require you to use a specific payment method for your taxes, such as a prepaid debit card.Ask for credit or debit card numbers over the phone.If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS and asking for money and you dont owe taxes, heres what you should do:Do not give out any information. Hang up immediately.Contact TIGTA to report the call. Use their IRS Impersonation Scam Reporting web page or call 800-366-4484.Report it to the Federal Trade Commission. Use the FTC Complaint Assistant on FTC.gov. Please add IRS Telephone Scam in the notes.If you think you might owe taxes, call the IRS directly at 1-800-829-1040.Avoid e-mail phishing attemptsThere has been a surge in e-m 
call turbo tax ask for a hard copy to be sent each time you place an order and they can resend a path also. no extra chg do it all the time. this way yo have a backup. had trouble this year with downloads first time. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118 
Are you using Online TurboTax, as opposed to the desktop (CD/download) version?Im not sure what you mean by cant access, but Ill assume you mean you can log in to an onilne account, but dont find them in the 2015 Tax Timeline.  If thats not what you mean, then youll need to explain more.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
visit www.irs.gov and click on Wheres my refund to see where you stand. 
If you are moving due to a recognized hardship, you may be able to take a partial gains exclusionthat would exclude 18/24ths (or 21/24ths if you sell in 3 months) of the gain.  If not, then all your gain is taxable at the long term cap gains rate of 15% in most cases.  If your gain is really $150K, thats about $22,500. 
The deadline was April 18 (extended from the usual April 15 due to a Washington DC holiday.)The late penalty is a percent of what you owe, so if you get a refund, there is no penalty.  If you owe, the penalty for late filing is based on each month or part of a month so one day wont change it.
If you filed your return using Turbotax installed on your computer, then your tax file is stored as a document on your hard drive, usually in the Documents folder and usually named firstname lastname 2015.tax2015.If you lost your files, turbotax does not have a copy.  When you file using the software on your computer, only you have copies and you are responsible for safekeeping, such as making backups.  If you dont have the file, you can request a transcript from the IRS showing what you filed https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
The IRS says that form 8379 can take 14 weeks (3 1/2 months) to process, but because of budget cuts, could take even longer this year.  Heck they testified before Congress that they cannot even answer 60% of the phone calls that they receive due to lack of personal.   8379 forms must be manually processed and anything requiring manual processing will probably be delayed. 
I finally went to the form for est. taxes and found my error, so now my refund figure is correct. I had entered some payments at estimated that had already been entered as withheld when I entered the figures from a Form 1099-R 
If IRS discovers an error or discrepancy, they will correct your return. 
In order for you to take an interest deduction the note has to be secured by the property . The interest you deduct is taxable to the person receiving the interest. You should use that persons name as the mortgage holder. 
Refer to your actual final form 1040 for the amount of income you will be reporting to the IRS. 
You should be able to get a copy of your return filed using TurboTax online by following the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 
option is go directly to NYS https://www.tax.ny.gov/online/ You can then copy the numbers from the TT file and input them.OR:Just write a note on the return that the state return could not be filed online as there were issues with electronic filing for the federal return and for security purposes the state return could not be filed electronically with the software... 
If the unpaid student loan debt has been reported to the IRS it will offset any refund due you. 
So you have self employment income?First of all, for Online versions you will need to use Home & Business.  But you might be able to use a lower version.   If you buy the Desktop CD or Download Software any version will handle it but you will get more help in Home & Business.You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.For the Online Deluxe and Premier (you can't use Free)...........You start out by filling out a 1099Misc even if you didn't get one.Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then under 1099Misc and Other Common IncomeIncome from form 1099-MISCThen to enter cash income, use this answer for the work around on how to enter cash income into Online Deluxe or Premierhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3021638-i-did-contract-labor-for-a-co-they-didn-t-send-me-a-1099 
If you used TT Online, sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.If you used TT Desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.
The two types of refunds (Federal and state) do not arrive together, except in the less common situation when they happen to arrive the same day by chance.  They come from 2 entirely different tax agencies, and each one has its own processing time, and each one can independently encounter delays.Heres how you can check on your state refund:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
If you want to contact TurboTAX support it wont happen through this forum.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Check and see if you Federal return was rejected..  There is no penalty if you are getting a refund. 
It sounds like youre in the wrong section of TurboTax. What kind of PIN?    Do you have a 6-digit IP PIN (Identity Protection PIN) mailed by the IRS to certain victims of identity theft?  If so, that is not entered in the efiling PIN section; i.e., it is not entered in the FILE section--it is entered in a different section.   Ill tell you 2 different ways to navigate to the IP PIN section.To enter an IP PIN, the 6-digit Identity Protection PIN provided by the IRS to victims of ID theft:\n\nOpen your return (take me to my return) if not already open.\nWhen the return is open, click in the top right corner on the Search tab.\nEnter IP PIN without quotes.\n\nChoose Jump to IP PIN.\n\nOr heres another way:\nFederal Taxes tab\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll down to category Other Return Info.\n\nFind subtopic Identity Protection PIN.\n\n 
Yes, she can (and should) file her own returns. Just make sure she indicates that someone else can claim her.  Your own return will not be impacted. Have her go here:www.taxfreedom.com
Go to this IRS website for your payment options - https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
see here:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-New-Identity-Security-Changes-May-Affect-Taxpayers-for-2016 
Heres how to get a copy of an online return after filing:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you dont find your online return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
As I warned above, do NOT post any tax files or other sensitive documents in this public community forum.You can talk to TurboTax free Audit Support Center, and let them advise you on what to do and how to submit your documents.  You can get a phone number by going to following page and click on the blue Get Help... link.  Answer a couple of questions, and the phone number will display.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/TurboTax does have an accurate calculations guarantee:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566201-what-is-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculation-guaranteeHow to submit a claim under the accurate calculations guarantee (but I would phone the Audit Support Center to discuss this with them first.)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...What documents are required:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901060-what-documents-do-i-need-to-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbo...Do not send any sensitive documents in regular email, and do not post documents to this public forum.One of the FAQ above on how to submit a claim has a tool for submitting documents.  Make sure you have a secure encrypted connection before uploading anything there.
http://www.revenue.state.il.us/individuals/RefundDelay.htm
Send them proof that you lived in NJ in 2015: (1) NJ car registration; (2) NJ drivers license; (3) NJ voting registration; (4) NJ lease or home ownership proof, etc.In an earlier question, you asked about credit for taxes paid to another state.  NJ and PA have a reciprocal tax agreement, so your employer should only be withholding NJ taxes (unless you work in Philadelphia). 
A 2014 return cannot be efiled at this point in time.  Efiling for 2014 ended last October 2015.   To file a 2014 return now, it has to be printed and mailed. I used the Home & Business version.What does this mean?  That you have the 2014 CD/download product?   Or that you prepared an online return last year that you didnt ever file? 
The 1099-SA is used to report distributions (not interest ) from a health savings account (HSA), Archer MSA, or Medicare Advantage (MA) MSA, and yes, you do need to file your return using it.  Even if it is not a taxable amount, it is still reportable.Here’s some detail:The government requires Form 8889 be filed with your tax return to report HSA activity. Both CONTRIBUTIONS made to your HSA (whether made by you, your employer, or both), and DISTRIBUTIONS (withdrawals/payments you made) from your HSA should appear here. TT creates this form based on your input during the interview process. DISTRIBUTIONS: If you used your HSA for purchases/payments/withdrawals during the year, that information is included in a 1099-SA where they are referred to as distributions. Normal distributions (such as using your HSA to pay for prescription medicine) will be Code 1 in Box 3. CONTRIBUTIONS: The HSA information that is included in W2 Box 12, Code W is for employer contributions to that HSA. If you made additional contributions (deposits) on your own, those too should be reported, under Other Contributions in the TT interview process. **NOTE: The amount in Box 12 W is the amount contributed to your HSA account on behalf of your employer. It can be confusing because most employees think of this as “their” contributions to the HSA, but in fact, the government sees it as contributions made by the employer. The idea is that the employee has elected to receive a lesser salary in exchange for the employer making an equal contribution to the HSA (thus you get the equivalent of a pre-tax benefit.) It is permissible for employees to make their own contributions outside of payroll deductions, but in both instances it should be noted that there are strict guidelines to maximums allowed, tax free, or you may incur excess contributions.**I hope you find this helpful! 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The 1040ES are for next year. The 1040ES quarterly estimated tax payments DO NOT get sent to the IRS or state with your return. They are optional to pay. Turbo Tax is very conservative and doesn't want you to owe too much next year. They might have printed out if you got a one time large income this year. Like if you took a IRA or 401K distribution. You can ignore them. You might want to adjust your withholding at work so you won't owe too much next year. If you are receiving a refund or low tax due and TurboTax prepared the vouchers then your tax liability was probably reduced by credits. Your Tax Liability is the amount on 1040 line 44.  It is the tax you owe on your income.  But you might qualify for credits that can reduce your tax due or even give you a refund.  Credits are on lines 47-55. 
If you want to maximally preserve your options, file a Tax Court petition before the due date.  Although you may resolve the issue with the IRS before things get much further, this does guarantee an automatic review by the IRS Appeals office. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return. 
No, in this case you must include Form 8621 with your tax return. When and Where To FileAttach Form 8621 to the shareholders tax return (or, if applicable, partnership or exempt organization return) and file both by the due date, including extensions, of the return at the Internal Revenue Service Center where the tax return is required to be filed.If you are not required to file an income tax return or other return for the tax year, file Form 8621 directly with the Internal Revenue Service Center, Ogden, UT 84201-0201. I hope this helps! 
You cannot e-file an amended return.  It has to be printed, signed and mailed.  You will not see anything on TurboTax regarding the acceptance of your amended return.After you print, sign and mail your amended return1040X to the IRS wait about 3 weeks and then you can begin checking on it at the IRS website.  Be aware that it can take at least 2-3 months for an amended return to be fully processed (or sometimes even longer.)\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
A prior year return cannot be filed Online, the Online version is only to prepare the current year tax return.  To prepare a prior year return with TurboTax you need the Desktop version.  A prior year return must be mailed.  You can purchase the 2012 Desktop software from TurboTax at the following websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2012/-------------------------------------------If you are due a refund for 2012, it is too late to collect it. Your return would have to be filed by April 15, 2016 to receive a refund.To claim a refund, a return must be filed\nwithin 3 years after the due date (or if you filed your\nreturn under an extension of time to file, 3 years after the date you filed\nyour return) or within 2 years after the date you paid the tax, whichever is\nlater.
An IRS transcript is going to be your best bet for this:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them 
There is no need to file an amended return if it does not change the refund amount or amount due from the original return. 
Only you can clear the started mock return if you like or you can just abandon the return and it will be purged automatically in October. 1.     While in your TurboTax Online program (after\nclicking Continue your return)\nSelect My Account, then click on Clear & start over.\n\n2.     On the Are you sure you want to clear your return? pop up screen, if you are sure about clearing all your entries and starting\nover, click Yes. \nThen a new screen confirms you have cleared your entries, click Continue.3.     Then just stop and log out.
When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the nextbusiness day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets\nwith the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n 
Yes, they can.  And if they do, they will probably pass that information on to the IRS. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.Use this IRS website for the status of a federal tax refund - https://www.irs.gov/RefundsSee this TurboTax support FAQ and choose your state to track your state refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund
Yes, but there would appear to  be no tax reason for doing so. Theres no difference in paying you cash and you paying off your own debt than issuing you a 1099-Misc for the same amount. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
Use this TurboTax Canada website for assistance with your Canadian tax return - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
All you can do is mail in the return if the efile will not cooperate. 
You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.For the Online Deluxe and Premier (you can't use Free)...........You start out by filling out a 1099Misc even if you didn't get one.Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then under 1099Misc and Other Common IncomeIncome from form 1099-MISCThen to enter cash income, use this answer for the work around on how to enter cash income into Online Deluxe or Premierhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3021638-i-did-contract-labor-for-a-co-they-didn-t-send-me-a-1099 
Unfortunately, the amount that was withheld is considered to be a distribution to you, and thus taxable itself.So, if the gross amount was $100,000 but only $75,000 was rolled over, the difference of $25,000 is taxable. 
Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
All your information is on your tax return ... save/print one now ... \nIf\nyou have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted,\nwhen you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print\nreturn (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets\n\n
If this is in response to the IRS\nletter you didnt really need to amend the return as much as just correct the\none you filed by adding the missing 1095-A info and printing off the forms\nneeded.  If you already completed the amendment process then all you have\nto do is print off a new copy of the corrected form 1040 ( NOT the 1040X) to\nsend with the 8962 & 1095-A per the IRS instructions. \n\nFor those who want to undo the\namendment process and use the directions listed below instead ... \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online \n\nFor those who have not started the\nunneeded amendment process .... \n\n\n\nLog back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n 
If your file  has a State return attached, you will need the state program on you computer.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5108144 
Yes. If you have custody, IRS will resolve in your favor. 
While in your TT account, open your Federal return, and review the entries in Wages and Income. 
If you did not backup PC files regularly, or save the hard drive from your PC, you are out of luck; that is the only copy. Youll have to reconstruct the tax return from your records. 
You should report this to TurboTAX Support. Only when sufficient numbers have complained will they think about fixing the issue.You can also ask your broker why they dont support TurboTAX. 
The amount you put in is not tax deductible, but earnings are tax-free when used for qualified higher education expenses.
If you had Federal taxes owed you would have been shown the different options on how to pay.  One of those options was "installment payment plan".  Why did you not select that option?
Most import partners take down the 2014 info when they post 2015, so youll have to kewy it in yourself.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Please review the answer.  Let me know if you went through the full interview and identified it as an ITIN and you were required to file an 8812 after reading this.   If if answers your question, please mark as helpful, otherwise post a comment and I will follow up with you. Normally it wasnt needed or its data entry errors. The IRS actually notifies people who they feel may be eligible who didnt complete  the section of the interview. You may have just skipped it. https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/What-is-the-IRS-Form-8812-/INF14819.htmlSchedule 8812 (Child Tax Credit) is generated if:\nA child thats being claimed under the Child Tax Credit has an ITIN instead of a Social Security number, or\nYoure getting the Additional Child Tax Credit.\nOtherwise, if youre claiming the Child Tax Credit and these 2 conditions dont apply, you dont need a Schedule 8812.Entering your Child Tax Credit information in TurboTax\n\nIf youve already gone through the step-by-step interview and want to\n jump directly to the entry screen for this topic, follow these \n directions.\n\nSelect Federal Taxes (Personal in the Home & Business edition).\n In Online TurboTax, click the bars at the upper left corner to show Federal Taxes on the selection list; enlarge the screen if needed to show the left side selection list.\nSelect Deductions & Credits, and on a following screen, click Ill choose what I work on.\n\nScroll down the Your Deductions & Credits screen to the You and Your Family group.\nClick on Start/Update next to the Child Tax Credit topic.\nFollow the prompts.\n\nIf \n you are eligible for and receive the \n credit, you can view the form in the PDF of your \n return. The child tax credit will be on Line 51 of your Form 1040 and the\n additional child tax credit on Line 65, if any or both apply. If you have a \n Form 1040A instead of Form 1040, the child tax credit will be on Line 33 and the additional \n child tax credit on Line 39.You may receive notification that you are ineligible for the child tax credit. If you still think you should be eligible, please go to this IRS link: http://www.irs.gov/uac/Am-I-Eligible-for-the-Child-Tax-Credit%3F\n to help determine your eligibility. Click begin (in small blue \n lettering on the page) and answer the questions. It will help you \n determine whether you do or do not qualify. You can also refer to this IRS \n publication: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p972.pdf I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any additional questions. 
Once the refund is issued and rejected by the bank, the IRS will mail you a check.
If you used TT Online, sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.If you used TT Desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
Sorry, I misunderstood. Denied usually means the IRS processed your return, but disallowed something on it. Rejected means it never got into the processing pipeline.Could you have done the second return with a different TT account? 
If you are self-employed, and have purchased an insurance policy under your name or the name of your business, you may indeed deduct your health insurance premiums.  They are not deductible directly as a business expense, but can reduce your taxable income - they go on Line 29 of Form 1040, and can only be deducted up to (your net business income minus 1/2 of self-employment tax - contributions to a self-employed retirement plan).
The $4000 exemption (tax break) per person listed on the tax return isnt a refunded amount, its a deduction from income.  It reduces your income by $4000 per person, reducing your taxable income.  It doesnt get refunded to you. 
If you have a federal refund, you can choose to have the fee for TT taken out of your refund, but that will cost you an extra $30. 
Call IRS 1-800-829-1040 
No. Put 10 on line 2, and $890 on line 3.and also remember your state taxes. 
Ive used TurboTax Business for our C-Corp return for MANY years. Weve had returns with over $900K with no problem. If you look at the formatting of the return it seem to be able to handle millions. I dont see any reason why anyone would suggest a $250K cap. That said, the larger the company the more potential complications come with filing your own taxes. However Ive found it very rewarding (personally and monetarily) to learn the laws surrounding my business so I can continue to file using TurboTax. Once you understand your accounting, inventory, COGS, etc. methods, things dont usually change year to year. Until you get over $2million or so and have to use accrual accounting, everything you learn now should apply from year to year with small additional situations arising now and then.
Thats really hard for any of us to know.First, if you have just started up the software for the first time, you should start a NEW dummy file, with n minimal information in it, and make sure that the NJ package is downloaded.....and all software updated again......all before opening any older tax file......only then should you open an older tax file.__________________________________Otherwise......to Call Customer Support and talk to a support TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
No, uncollected SS payment is not taxed, it is uncollected. And if it is uncollected, IRS will collect it from you on your Form 1040.
Contact the Massachusetts Department of Revenue for information on your tax return.  Use this MA website for contact information - http://www.mass.gov/dor/utility/feedback-submit-questions-comments-and.html 
Unfortunately no.  TurboTax accounts cannot be merged together.See this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-havePlease note that we are unable to merge multiple accounts at this time.
Using the desktop editions, click on Forms.When in Forms mode, if the Federal Information Worksheet is not already opened, click on Info Wks on the left side of the screen to open.  Scroll down the worksheet to Part V.  The Direct Deposit Yes check box should be marked.  The name of the financial institution along with the routing and account numbers will be shown for direct deposit. 
Turbotax Online (using a web browser) is a completely different product than Turbotax installed on your computer.  They are priced differently and have different capabilities.  It sounds as though you wanted to use the desktop version installed on your computer (which usually comes with a free state, although state e-filing is extra) and ended up using the online product, where you have to pay for each state, but the state includes e-filing in the price.  You will have to call customer service if you want to change the product you are using and apply one price to the other.More:The cheapest way to use Turbotax is to buy the CD or download from a discount retailer like Staples, Costco or Amazon, and install it on your computer.  If you buy Deluxe Federal + State + Efile edition, you can prepare as many returns as you want.  You can e-file up to 5 (IRS limit) and then print and mail the rest.  One free state is included.  State e-filing is $20 extra for each state return, but if you prefer cost over speed, you can print and mail your state return for free.  The desktop version also gives you full access to all forms and worksheets, including those that are hidden in the online version.  Deluxe (on the desktop only, not online) includes all the forms needed for investments and self-employment.  The Premier and Home & Business versions have more help and advice, but if you know what you are doing, you can use Deluxe at lower cost.  The only potential downside is that your tax file is not stored in Turbotaxs cloud.  This means that it is not hackable (good) but also means that you have the only copies.  If your computer crashes and you dont have a backup, your file is gone.Turbotax online is overpriced (in my opinion) and an inferior product.  There is only one seller so they control the price.  I only recommend online to people who qualify to file for free.\n\nIf your income is less than $31,000, you can file using the TaxFreedom edition, which includes complicated forms not normally included in the regular free version of Turbotax. The IRS requires it to be a separate web site, and you will have to make a new account and start over from scratch. https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/To contact customer support: \nCustomer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
\n\nTo purchase the software\nfrom the TurboTax website you must have a US credit card with a US billing\naddress.  What you can do, is go purchase a prepaid VISA\nthat is in U.S. dollars. You can do this at the embassy with no problem. Then\ngo online and register it to a valid U.S. mailing address. It can take up to a\nday for your actions to flow through the system before the prepaid\ncard will work.\n\nUse the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5pm Pacific\ntime (11am to 8pm Eastern time) Monday to Friday, after tax season.\n Submit your question/problem during\nbusiness hours and then\nuse the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak\ndirectly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be\navailable when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Did you get back the 2 emails confirming the transmission and then accepting it?  Maybe it rejected or you didn't finish filing.  First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You can check your refund status at Where's My Refund. This is for your Federal Return.https://sa1.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\n\n\n\n\n
Your best bet is to call the IRS international number to explain itit is 267-941-1000 there open mom-fri 8am to 11pm 
No it cannot. Regular distribution may not be rolled over.
Open your tax return and go to the File section. 
Oh you need the .tax2014 file from online so you can transfer it into 2015 Desktop program?  Yes you need to pay for 2015 in the same online account.  But since you bought the Desktop program instead of using online again you can call and ask them to unlock it.  Although I think you can get the .tax2014 file downloaded without needing to unlock it.Here's how to transfer your 2014 Online return into your 2015 Desktop CD/Download  program.  There are 2 ways.  You need to have the .tax2014 file downloaded from online and saved to your computer.  See this for downloading the .tax2014 from Online,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you can't get or didn't save the .tax file to your computer before online was shut down Oct 15 or lost it,  there is a way to do it by starting your return in the Online version, transfer into that and then you can switch and continue in the desktop version and you won't have to pay for online.  Expand the 3rd section for Transferring an Online return in this FAQhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901506-transfer-last-year-s-return-into-turbotax-for-windows and then, https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-software  Then you should be able to save the .TAX2015 file to you computer without paying for it in the online version. Then just OPEN it in your desktop program to continue. Don't transfer or import it!  If you can't get the .tax2014 file from Online, call in and tell them you bought the 2015 CD this year.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Is this for healthcare subsidy. That excludes 401k contributions but the list of questions should show gross ,second question-pretax deductions. Put in gross and edit if the reduction for your 401k is not asked.http://thefinancebuff.com/stay-under-obamacare-premium-subsidy-cliff.htmlYour MAGI for the purpose of Obamacare is basically:\nyour gross income;\nminus pre-tax deductions from your paycheck (401k, FSA, )\nminus above-the-line deductions;\nplus tax-exempt muni bond interest;\nplus untaxed Social Security benefits\n
Ohhhh...there can be a whole bunch of problems there.1) first, the Credit Card must be a US card with a US billing address.2) In many cases, the mailing address in your Personal Information  section must be the same as your billing address.3)  Then, something people forget to update.....your name, address  for your Account Settings and Profile (top of screen under MyAccount  ) should be the same as your name and address on the CCD and billing address..4) then try again....and if still problems:...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Youll need to file an amended return.  Heres how:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot... 
You can use this link to try and recover an account: https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery 
Was the employer foreign? If so, heres an answer that might help you: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2452744If the employer is domestic, you might be able to find it online: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2521409 
\n\nTurboTax does not\nhave copies of your W-2s, only the information you entered or had\nimported.  The TurboTax program has a W-2 Wage and Tax Statement (it gives\nall the information that was on your W-2); if you used the Desktop version you\ncan switch to Forms Mode and print the statement.  If you used the Online\nversion you would need to print (or save your return as a PDF) your return\nwith all the worksheets to see the\nW2 Wage and Tax Statement.\n\nYou can ask your\nemployer for another copy, or you can fill out Form 4506-T (Request for\nTranscript of Tax Return), check Line 8 Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098\nseries, or Form 5498 series transcript, and mail in the form. The IRS can\nprovide a transcript that includes data from these information returns.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf\n\nOr to order the\ntranscript online by mail:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Order-a-Transcript\n\n You can also get a\ncopy of your W-2s from the Social Security Administration, but there is a\ncharge of $38 per copy. Type copy of W-2 in the search box for\ninformation\nhttp://ssa-custhelp.ssa.gov/app/answers/detail/a_id/301 
If your return has already been filed and accepted then you cannot change it.  You can contact NetSpend customer service at the following website:https://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml 
If you have no income at all, why are you filing a tax return? You may not have to file.If you do have to file, or you want to file even if youre not required to, you cannot e-file with zero income. Thats an IRS restriction, not a TurboTax restriction. You have two options. One is to print your tax return and file it by mail instead of e-filing. The other is to put in $1 of interest income just so that your income wont be zero. Then you will be able to e-file. You wont owe any tax on $1 of income. 
If it has been processing for over 21 days, you can phone the IRS to see what you can learn about the delay.  Sometimes a return is pulled at random.  Sometimes additional documents are required, ID verification, etc., or they could be taking a closer look at certain credits, healthcare reporting issues, etc.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.
First, double-check your payment option (including routing # and account #) by reviewing your state filing instructions page.  Follow the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4196540If your information is all correct, see the information below on how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924
2)  = $170,000 +  1)It depends on the calculation method you choose for 1). 
Child care expenses are not a business expense for a self-employed person or for an employee.  They are only eligible for the child and dependent care credit. 
You shouldn't have to file, but I would ask an expert just to be sure.
Turbo Tax does not keep track of your investment property original cost or any depreciation but rather the gain or loss on the sale or disposition only. The original cost and any depreciation taken is usually maintained by the taxpayer or tax preparer. 
As Lisa995 asked above, did you choose to have your TurboTax fees paid out of your Federal refund?  i.e, did you use the refund processing service?    If so, that can decrease the amount of your refund. Also remember that the refund processing service has an additional 34.99 service fee in addition to your TurboTax product fees (39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Service.)If the IRS decreased your Federal refund, you should get a postal letter from them in 2-3 weeks or so explaining why your Federal refund is less than what you filed.  The letter should also tell you steps you can take if you disagree with their decision, including a contact number for you to phone them if desired.  The following help article will tell you a bit more about possible causes, how to check for any offsets, etc.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894477-why-did-my-federal-tax-refund-decrease-after-i-filedThe IRS has said:Examples that could decrease your refund include math errors, mistakes, delinquent federal taxes, state taxes, child support, student loans, or other delinquent federal nontax obligations, or if the earned income tax credit (EITC) portion of your refund is withheld pending further review.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriIf an offset is involved, heres more info on the Treasurys offset program:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2539782-what-is-a-refund-offsetTreasury Offset Program phone: 800-304-3107Offset Call Center hours are 7:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. (Central Time).
Use this TurboTax support FAQ and click on your state for the status of the state tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8962.pdf 
Ohhh...theres hundered ways to mess that up...1)  First...DC and VA are reciprocal tax states....so you dont get to take a credit in VA for taxes paid to DC...and vice-versa.2)  Whether your job was in DC, or your job was in VA.....when you moved, your employer stopped withholding DC taxes and started withholding VA taxes.  Thus, your W-2 shows your DC and VA wages separately.  So when you do the part-year DC and Part-Year VA tax returns, you are only entering DC-only wages and income in the DC tax return, and VA-only wages and income on the VA tax return.  So there is no need to take a tax credit on either state tax return for taxes paid to another state.example:  You Received $60,000 of total wages in 2015, and the W-2 shows that divided up as 40,000 of DC wages on the DC line and $20,000 of wages in the VA line.  Those $$ and respective withholding for each state transfer to each part-year tax return.   ALL you have to do is to allocate all other $$ received (interest, dividends, capital gains) according to where you lived at the time you received the $$ during the Q&A for each part-year tax return...and it should all work out OK...but you cannot take a credit for taxes paid to another state.BUT MAYBE3)  You didnt inform the employer of your move?   thats an Oh No ! situation....its possible to work it out, but it might take a few weeks of someones time to sort if out....and you might be better off going to a professional for the 2015 taxes because that is seriously messed up.Example...You worked in DC for the whole year and only DC taxes were withheld????  Sorry...VA doesnt allow the credit.  VA expects you to file a DC part-year tax return claiming (in my example) only $40,000 of that $60,000 as DC income on the DC part-year tax return and get a refund from DC for any excess DC taxes withheld.....and then pay VA for the $20,000 of pay you received after you moved to VA.4)   Or the same thing as #3 if you worked in VA for the whole year...but only had DC taxes withheld. 
trying going t the previous version of TT 2012 or 2013 log in and the new version may come up also, what search engine are you using, Google chrome or internet explorer, because of my income just go to the email turbo tax sent and they offer some additional services for purchase.  if you purchased it called turbo tax directly report your problem with your purchase and maybe they will do a screen share and see what the problem and download it for you, if that does work ask for a refund, sometimes the search engine creates a problem, I used Chrome an have not had a problem hope it works 
Did you use the Online version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's some other links that might helpSee Why Can't I find my Online Account?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return You have to log in with the exact same user name and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have Or check here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password 
Try reinstalling TurboxTax on a different PC. After the installation process, install all updates. Then open your tax file on the 2nd PC and prepare your amended return. 
Yes you can amend your return by filing form 1041.  Yes you will get the difference.  Yes you can spend your current refund.  I question why your mom did not claim you to begin with.  I would have your Mom call IRS and ask why you could not be claimed by her.  In the past I have seen an incorrect social security number of a dependent be a cause for disapproval.  Another reason is that some one else may have claimed you or your social security number. Good Luck.
I would contact the IRS and ask. Is the amount on the 1099 substantial? The IRS also receives copies of all 1099s so they must have just missed this one. I had an error on a 1099 and they caught it since my return didnt agree with the 1099 from the employer. So, sometime in the future, they may still catch it and want to bill you for taxes and interest. I would call them. 
You should be able to get the state tax program from turbo tax.  Use your user name and password to import your federal tax return form.  Answer the questions and fill out the info from your w2 form.  Is easy and fast! 
See this:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-An-Identity-Protection-PIN 
Only married couples can file a joint return. If both had earned income, you simply combine both incomes just as you would combine all deductible expenses if you itemize them.No one can combine a dependents income/expenses with their own!  This rule is applicable to state income tax returns also.   This is why your returns were rejected and why TurboTax did not allow it.Your dependent has to file his/her own return, regardless of his/her age, as long as their income was higher than the standard exemption for a single person.If you paid more than half of the support of this child, you can claim that child as a dependent on your own tax return.  If that is the case, your dependent will not be able to claim himself/herself on his/her own return.Final advice:  IF your dependents income was less than the standard exemption for one person, there is no need for him/her to file a return at all. Obviously, any money withheld from his/her paycheck will never be refunded. 
The IRS can take up to 3 months to approve the payment plan and start making the deductions. You can make payments until then to reduce the penalties and interest.https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355024-i-was-not-able-to-file-electronically-through-your-service... 
I am missing something -- first, if you are an employee of an entity ( S-corp/C-Corp/Partnership / multi member LLC ), they must issue a W-2 for all employees, including an owner/ partner;   second to file an entity return ( i.e.e at the entity level ) you have to use TurboTax Business  -- because only individuals can file the 1040 ( no matter what flavor); third  for pass through entities   (partnerships/ S-Corp etc. ) will still issue K-1s  for the pass through portion of the  income / losses etc.  to be taxed at the individual level.  You have to distinguish between  items that are treated at the entity level and those that are treated at the individual level, no matter how convoluted the  structure and relationships between entities and between enities and the individual(s).  Please tell us more about the whole structure  and the issues that you are facing i.e. what you are trying to achieve. 
Since your wife will be receiving money in exchange for giving up her 1/4 interest it is a sale, actually 3 sales. (It would be a gift if she was keeping her 1/4 interest.) She will have income (capital gain) on each of the 3 sales equal to the difference between the $20,000 she receives and the giftor siblings tax basis in the property. Since the siblings received the property by gift from their parents, the siblings tax basis would be the parents tax basis. If the parents bought the property, their basis is the purchase price. If a parent inherited the property, the parents tax basis is the propertys fair market value at the time of the decedents death (unless the estate executor elected the alternate valuation date 6 months after the date of death). 
when you recharacterize, you are recharacterizing the contribution, not the amount transferred.  It is treated as having made the contribution at the original date but to the second IRA.  However, the amount transferred is the original contribution plus any profit or loss attributable to that contribution, hence only $6,924.25 was transferred with the recharacterization.  My memory says use Form 8066 but I may have the number wrong.  This link should explain it:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p590a/ch01.html#en_US_2015_publink1000230671Good luck 
No, that is a side program which links you to the ACA marketplace  and is not attached to the tax program so it cannot effect your tax return. Look at your tax return...form 1040 line 61.  Did you pay a penalty?  If not then you are done.If you did then you must wait for the original return to be fully processed and the refund paid before amending the return. 
You may be able to deduct work-related education expenses paid during the year as an itemized deduction on Form 1040, Schedule A (PDF),Itemized Deductions. To be deductible, your expenses must be for education that (1) maintains or improves your job skills or (2) that your employer or a law requires to keep your salary, status, or job. However, even if the education meets either of these tests, the education cannot be part of a program that will qualify you for a new trade or business or that you need to meet the minimal educational requirements of your trade or business. They are subject to a 2% floor and you must itemize your deductions .https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc513.htmlIf your income allows you might be eligible for the lifetime learning credit. You cannot take both the LLC and deduct your expenses . https://www.irs.gov/publications/p970/ch03.html
Please contact TurboTax Customer Support for assistance by using the info below during business hours.  A Support rep should be able to help; they can even screenshare with you if you give them permission.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Since you filed by mail, your efile status will stay rejected because your efile was rejected. It doesn't mean your mailed return is rejected.
Did you choose to have your TurboTax fees paid out of your Federal refund?  i.e, did you use the refund processing service?    If so, that can decrease the amount of your refund. Also remember that the refund processing service has an additional 34.99 service fee in addition to your TurboTax product fees (39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Service.)If the IRS decreased your Federal refund, you should get a postal letter from them in 2-3 weeks or so explaining why your Federal refund is less than what you filed.  The letter should also tell you steps you can take if you disagree with their decision, including a contact number for you to phone them if desired.  The following help article will tell you a bit more about possible causes, how to check for any offsets, etc.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894477-why-did-my-federal-tax-refund-decrease-after-i-filedThe IRS has said:Examples that could decrease your refund include math errors, mistakes, delinquent federal taxes, state taxes, child support, student loans, or other delinquent federal nontax obligations, or if the earned income tax credit (EITC) portion of your refund is withheld pending further review.https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriIf an offset is involved, heres more info on the Treasurys offset program:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2539782-what-is-a-refund-offsetTreasury Offset Program phone: 800-304-3107Offset Call Center hours are 7:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. (Central Time).
Here is the link to contact\nIDnotify to be removed from the service https://www.idnotify.com/contact/https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5096854 
If you want to pay your taxes by credit card, you will need to make the payment via credit card in another way, not through TurboTax.https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
If your broker corrected an error, that is not a recharacterization.You should contact broker again to be certain what happened before you file a tax return. 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information. 
The federal & state returns are sent separately since they are processed by totally separate taxing authorities.If the feds or state reduce your expected refund then they will send a letter of explanation in about 2 weeks.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488
When information is transferred in from the prior year it is your responsibility to review all that information and to make the corrections needed. The program asks you to do exactly that so it is a user entry error if you didnt change the dependent information correctly.  And it is your responsibility to review your return for accuracy before you file it.So , since you have a mistake, all you have to do is amend the return and pay what you owe with the mailed in form 1040X.  There should be no penalties or interest if you pay when you file. If you really believe that this was a TT program error then you can put in a claim here: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculations-guarantee\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Form 1116 will take care of any tax paid to a foreign country tax system
Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your 2014 return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address. 
duplicate post 
Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.
Although the last day to resubmit a rejected return is October 20, there was an April 25 deadline to resubmit if rejected without a late-filing penalty.
Could be; I would ignore and I definitely would NOT give out any information online about yourself to anyone no matter who they claim they are. 
The amended return is a paper return. It goes via US Mail. 
Did you successfully e-file your return? The filing instructions on your copy will say if anything needs to be mailed. Usually not.Did you put your bank information in the file section to have it drawn from your account? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354424-print-my-2015-return 
Sounds like you did not update Turbo Tax. 
IF you are using the ONLINE software....the State fee is for the use of the software...no matter how you end up filing it (mail or e-file)________________________________________IF you re using the Desktop software, the $25 e-file fee can be refunded to you, but you need to make sure it actually gets charged ( some temp charges dont actually go thru).........to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041__________________________________..............Do not use the word refund anywhere in your question....or youll get connected to an automated phone number that is useless for your situation.  use Billing issue 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your refund, the following will tell you how you can check on your refund at the intermediary bank that handles that service.  If you did NOT use that option and instead pay your TurboTax fees upfront, you can contact the IRS, and they can trace it to see where it went.   In addition, VolvoGirl left you the method to phone TurboTax Support above, and they can also tell you whom to contact.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.  They might require ID verification before doing so.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support at:http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
Go to the upper right hand corner of the program and select print.  A screen will pop up and you can preview and print any form you select. 
If her parents agree, yes, you can allocate 0% to your wife.   See this for details:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur... 
Are you referring to a 2015 return?Have you already filed and want to view/print, or is it a return in progress?What do you see when you log in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline?  Is there no evidence of your returns, and it acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return?If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
To confirm your return was accepted please check the status of your return here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You also would have gotten a email from turbotax if your return was accepted or rejected. You can also sign into your account and see the status.I am not a TT employee.I hope this helped.
Transportation is a nondeductible education expense 
When you say you are using the Back button, do you mean the one provided by Turbo Tax located at the bottom left of your screen?  So you are in what section when you do this?  Maybe if you could be more specific in your question . What deduction do you want to edit?  Usually you just go to that deduction and overtype it. 
See if the instructions below (which include graphics) help.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463
This is the U.S. TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Canadian taxes in the Canada TurboTax AnswerXchange, at the following link.https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 
Im not certain if my answer will help, but Ill try. I have the 2014 home and business version. If you go into the file where the tax return  is located, along the top there is a tab called file. Below the file tab is a choice called print/save for your records. If you click on that tab it should allow you  an option to print a copy for your records.  Im not sure if your original free file edition changes some of the options.   I hope this is helpful. 
When the upgrade option is grayed out then that would mean that you are currently using the Plus edition.  You have to pay for the upgrade to access your prior year online tax returns.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Sign in to your turbo tax account and click on the amend option right under my tax timeline. It will allow you to change what you need to change BUTif you amend your return you will have to print off your refund and send it in to the IRS. Make sure if you do this that when you print the papers off there will be a place where you have to sign your name. I hope this helps 
you must file, either via e-FIle, or on paper via US Mail.Then you must pay what you owe. mail in a check or visit www.irs.gov for Direct Pay. 
I do not believe you can file an out Of period return from your mobile because the forms will have to be printed and mailed in since the efile period for TurboTax (you can get it efiled through a preparer for 2014 tho Im pretty sure) for that year is closed.  however if you are owed a refund for 2014 that shouldnt impede the acceptance of your 2015 filings, but if you owed for 2014 be careful because the irs pre estimates tax for everyone and if they have on the books that you owed for that year they will keep whatever out of your return to settle the original amount + penalties and interest.  If you were owed a refund you can file three years back so since the deadline just passed you can file clear back to 2013 but if you owe to the IRS can basically take it as far back as they want. Hope this helps! 
A Form 1095-C is not entered on a federal tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 1095-C - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920031-what-s-a-form-1095-c\nForm 1095-C, Employer-Provided Health Insurance Offer and Coverage.  Certain employers send this form to certain employees, with information about what coverage the employer offered. Employers that offer health coverage referred to as self-insured coverage send this form to individuals they cover, with information about who was covered and when. 
There are no taxes owed for receiving a gift, and rarely owed for giving a Gift (a giver can give over $5 million in Gifts over his lifetime before any Gift Taxes are owed)If the giver is giving over $14,000, paying it directly to the college could save them from needing to file a Gift Tax return. 
You do not update...you must file amended returns.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot... 
There are multiple pages to a Form 3520. Page 2 asks for Yield to Maturity and Fair Market Value, which I believe would be your amounts. For more information on this form visit irs.gov/form3520 and you can get complete instructions on how to do the form. Im not sure if this form is offered on Turbo Tax, but the IRS site has a plethora of useful information and all the step-by-step guides for each form. 
If you want Customer Support to phone you, you can use the info in the FAQ below to get a phone number during business hours.  The phone number will not display when they are closed.   You will likely be given a choice to have them phone you back.When you first go to the form, just summarize your issue.  On another page there will be a box were you can ask your question in more detail.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be given an incident number and assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The TurboTax Oregon state module provides Oregon state Schedule OR-ASC for Adjustments:Form OR Sch OR-ASC, Sch OR-ASC - Adjustments for Form 40 FilersDate for Print      Availablehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908857-forms-availability-table-for-turbotax-state-except-busines... 
What will likely happen is that, if the payment plan is accepted, it will be processed for the original amount on the original schedule.  The amount you paid will not be taken in place of a payment, but will reduce your number of payments at the back end.Lets say you owed $10,000 and offered $500 a month for 20 months, then sent in $2000.  If approved, what will probably happen is they will start taking $500 a month right awayyou cant count that early payment as going toward the first 4 monthsbut your payments will end early. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
If you efiled, you can check the status here to be sure it was successfully efiled and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Did you efile, and has your return already been accepted?   If you recently efiled and it rejects for some reason, you can make any changes you need to and resubmit the efile.  If its already been accepted, however, then you cant change it.Was your refund coming directly from the IRS, or did you choose the option to first pay any TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund  (which uses an intermediary bank to process?)If your bank refuses the direct deposit, it should bounce back to whoever sent it.  If it was sent by the IRS, it will go back to the IRS who will issue you a check in the mail.  There are rare cases in which a refund with a wrong account number could be deposited in someone elses account, however.NOTE: The following info only applies IF you chose to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund. If you did not choose that option, then the rest of the info below does not apply to you.If you used the refund processing service to pay the TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund,  then a refused direct deposit should bounce back to the intermediary bank, who will issue you a check in the mail.If you DID use that refund processing service, you can log into your temporary account at SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group) where that is handled.  You can check and follow the status there.   SBTPG used to let people make corrections in their direct deposit info there, but I dont know if they still do that since there is a lot of fraud and identity theft these days.  You can log in there and see if you can correct it, but Im not sure if you still can.  Use the Taxpayer portal at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  Look for \nthe Contact Us or Help link at the SBTPG website.
Did you make changes in your return without going through the formal amend process?   If so, you will need to put it back like it was originally, so you can run the amend process.  An amended return has to start off with the return as originally filed.Here are the instructions for amending a 2015 online return.   It will have to be printed and mailed, and can take up to 16 weeks to process.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787 
You cant attach a form if you efile.  You have to file a paper return, but no proof should be necessary if your return shows that you were out of the country on April 18 due to employment or military purposes.  You can efile by June 15, but you may still be charged interest on any taxes not paid by April 18. 
\nEIC is the earned income credit.  You basically get your taxes lowered for having children you support.You can find the form here at the IRS website:https://www.irs.govhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sei.pdf SE is Self employment Tax.You can find the form here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sse.pdfInstructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sse.pdfIn turbo Tax you can look under view or open Schedule SE & Schedule EIC\n\n 
No one at TurboTax can find the status of your state return. If the web site is not working, you can try calling them. 
Have you received notice that your return was received and accepted? By the chart guidelines, you should have received your refund by April 23 via direct deposit. If you have not received the refund and have not received notice of your accepted return, you will need to verify your return was submitted correctly and with no issue. You may want to resubmit your return or contact the IRS (but be prepared for a long day of waiting if this last route is the one you take). 
The promotion for a free state return expired March 31st. A state return with free federal was $29.99 after that date. You apparently chose the option to have the fee for the state return paid from your federal refund. There is a $34.99 fee for that service. You can verify what your fees were for by opening your return and clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees.
Assuming that you requested to have your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund, then see this TurboTax support FAQ concerning payment of TurboTax fees if the IRS holds your tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...If the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).If you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.Finally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.Note: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.To contact TurboTax support, see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If youve received the email from TurboTax confirming that your return was accepted by AZ, youd need to contact the states Department of Revenue for info.  But keep in mind that the states typically do take longer to issue refunds.  Im linking you to contact information for the AZ DOR below.https://www.azdor.gov/ContactUs.aspx
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Search your states tax web site for how to check your refund status. 
First, double-check your entries for your state tax payment option by following the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4196540If youve entered your information correctly, you should be fine.  See the information below for how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924 
One of the criteria for EIC is, that you  cannot file form 2555.How can you meet the EIC requirements when you have that much income? 
This is a user to user forum and we cant handle billing issues. You must contact TurboTax directly for this. Use billing issues as the key words in your contact. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Note the day and times they are open. 
It seems likely that your 2014 tax return is filed on your computer. Try going to C > Program Files > Turbotax and look for it there under the name you have used for these files.  If you are a cloud user it could be there, but Im not knowledgeable re that.\n\nGood luck! 
CHECK the WMR site, they are most accurate.. 
Assuming that you are a married couple and used the home as your personal residence for the past 20 years, you together have a $500,000 exemption on the gain on the sale of the house, thus no  taxable gain on the $100,00 
You can not delete an account.  You can try to clear the info.  Or ask support to Deactivate it.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
To find out how much you owe, you must look at your tax return or the amount due monitor with your tax return open. You can use this link to find out about various payment plan options: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Payment-Plans-Installment-Agreements
Use this link to check your refund status: https://www8.tax.ny.gov/PRIS/prisStart
duplicate post 
you will copy your 1095a into the 1095a in turbo tax as it is. do not rely on program has mad errors. be sure on the heath care form you mark the x at bottom for complete.pull up amendment first. then make chags to originial return will fill in amendment. be sure to fill in the bottom for refund you received, etc. 
Yes, you need to enter your 50% ownership in the assets.  TurboTax warns\n you about this on the We Can Automatically Divide Your Income and \nExpenses for You page where you enter your ownership percentage:  The \npercentage you enter here applies only to your expenses.  The cost of \nyour assets must be entered as the amount that represents your ownership\n percentage.I presume that you originally set up the rental appropriately.Tom Young 
To purchase the TurboTax software from the TurboTax website you have to use a US credit card that has a US billing address.  You can also purchase either the CD or Download for the 2015 desktop editions from an online retailer, such as Amazon.To contact TurboTax support for this issue with paying by CC with a US billing address, see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html
Im not aware of any, However, a simple spreadsheet will do, as only the total number ends up on your tax return.
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
A normal download of a PDF for the tax return is usually between 300 and 800 KB which is not to large to send as an attachment on an email.  But sending a PDF as an attachment is not secure, you should consider printing the return and either delivering it in person or mailing the printed return.Just download the PDF of your return that only includes the forms and schedules sent to the IRS and/or your state.  Do not download the PDF that includes all forms and worksheets to print or send to the lender.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Most likely they need to see you and a picture ID to verify that you are who you claim to be.Its possible that they suspect someone has stolen your identity, so check your credit reports. 
All TT does is provide your payment info to the state, and it is then up to them to pull the payment. Please call TT Support for assistance:\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n 
Hi,Sorry youre having trouble.  That can be frustrating.  The middle initial should be enough and would not cause a rejection.  However, sometimes rejections happen due to the IRS information on file for social security.  There are a few errors that the IRS will give for this.  They are each explained in detail on this article.  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12082If you are not able to get the return accepted and you are sure that you have entered the information correctly, it may be best to mail your return in.  Then the IRS will manually check the SS information and confirm its correct. I hope this helps. 
The Vermont Department of Taxes has announced delays for process for tax refunds.  The department may hold some returns until it receives W-2 withholding reports from employers.Its possible that hold means they are not putting anything through their system until they get those reports. Call the state and ask. 
If someone claimed you as a dependent and should not have claimed you, you will have to print and mail your return to get it accepted. The IRS will request information from you and whoever else claimed you sometime in the next several months to help determine who had the right to claim your dependency exemption. 
Go to Federal Taxes > Other Tax Situations.  Then scroll down to the IP Pin box. 
you will figure out the percentage of area that is work related , sq foot of house, sq foot of ofc, gives percent. this used against any home expenses. 
first of all does your w2 show the state for income. if it says mass. then you will file an nonresident return for the w2. dont know about mass but some states will not tax you on the out of state income . you woud file the 1040 fed all income, then your state where you live, and the the state where you do not live as non-resident. read your instruction for your states to see if you get a credit show dont pay taxes on the income twice.about your taxes increased in 2016 cannot use till 2016 yr tax returns. use 2015 figure.also can use the form for credit for working out of your home. form easy to do after you find out percentage of working area,  office you use in  house. 
Okay, and now you want to amend the return your filed yourself.  Did you contribute to a Trad IRA or a Roth?Go into your TT return, select File by Mail,  and then print the return out. Exit the program, and then come back in. You should be able to amend now. 
must be some form that exempts taxes paid in american. a non-residency form will be used for the usa, what state? 
First off, you should know that each state has its own way of dealing with extensions.  It is pretty universal that if you have a refund you dont need to file an extension.  You can see this link to get an idea of your states rules http://www.olt.com/main/home/stateextensions.asp.  If you have a refund you usually have 3 years to file your return.  However, if you owe anything you must pay that amount prior to the April 15 deadline or pay the taxes with your extension.  In this case you may need to start filing the state extension forms (as required) and If you owe taxes you may need to start making quarterly payments or adjust your exemptions to withhold more. This is a different question so I wont go into anymore detail.I dont know if TurboTax has any plans to make the state extension automatic with the fed but I can think of several situations where I would not want the extension to be automatic.  Check out the link above, it should be very helpful. 
TurboTax/federal computes the depreciation for you. You just enter the asset description, cost basis, date placed in service, select the type of asset, whether or not to take bonus depreciation, and so forth. Thats all you have to do. The computed depreciation flows into your rental worksheet (Schedule E Worksheet) line 18a. 
You enter the income you received as income and the amount you paid the subcontractor as an expense. This is all entered in the Business section. 
Log on to your Deluxe Account and begin the Amended return. You will then have to upgrade to Premier to be able to enter a 1099-S. To enter it, type 1099-S in the search box and click on the most appropriate phrase in the drop down box and click on jump to.
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
A refund of overpaid interest, reported in box 3, should be reported \n as Other Income on line 21 of Form 1040 if you deducted the \n corresponding interest expense as an itemized deduction in a previous \n year.Log into TurboTax:\n\nPersonal Taxes tab.\nThen Deductions/Credits.\nChoose guide me or Ill choose what I work on .\n\nClick on the Start/Update button to the right of the Mortgage Interest and Refinancing topic.\nChoose Other Income and notate the description.\n 
live in one state but work in the other.Many states have reciprocal tax agreements, so that you only file/pay taxes to (and have them withheld from) your home state.  Please identify the states for your situation. 
It shouldnt cause any problems at all as I had such files and had no problem.  However, as systems and software on them vary, you just never know.  I would save all of the *.tax and PDF return copies to off computer storage first. 
NYS will be sending you a letter about what they changed and/or offset.  If youve had problems for 3 yrs now, you may be doing something wrong.  What did the state change in prior years? 
TT does not approve refunds. Amended returns take many months to process, so the IRS is likely referring to your original return.  Refunds for amended returns are only paid by IRS check mailed to you. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Deleted by user.
State taxes owed cannot be paid from a federal tax refund.  You had options to pay the state taxes owed either by sending a check or money order with a payment voucher to your state.  Or you may have had the option to have your state taxes owed direct debited from your bank account and you would have provided a bank routing number and account number for the state to debit your account.  How did you choose to pay the taxes owed? 
Turbotax sometimes sends security emails but scammers can copy and change them.  The most important thing to know is that Turbotax will never ask you to log into any site except Turbotax, and you can verify you are on the legitimate web site by looking for a padlock icon in your web browsers address window.  That padlock means that the site is verified by an indendent trustee.  Also, turbotax will never ask you to open an attachment or to send personal info by email.You can always send suspicious e-mails to spoof@intuit.com for investigation.It never hurts to change your Turbotax account password.  Make sure you use a unique password that is not the same as any other web site you use.If you think you might be looking at a true security alert from Turbotax but want a secure way to get a true phone number, use the web form below to get a phone number for customer support direct from Turbotax.  Ask for the security team. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3190165-where-to-find-my-amended-return 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3190165-where-to-find-my-amended-return
It can take longer for the IRS and state to process refunds when you file close to the deadline. What does it day on the IRS and state tax websites?
Wait a minute!Did the Estate distribute assets to Beneficiaries?  If so, if any of the distribution was taxable income, then the Estate should not have paid the tax, particularly if it escalated the tax rate as Estates typically pay at a much higher rate.  The Tax obligation follows the income. 
You cannot,. You must set up a new account. But why arent you filing Joint? 
You have to enter your W-2 on the federal form. The boxes at bottom of form W-2 boxes 15/16/17  show the state income and taxes withheld.  That information will flow through to your state return. 
When you record the amount of inventory taken out  you are taking the expense (cost of goods sold). Since you did not receive payment the amount you should have received is simply not added to your income so you are getting the loss of the transaction. 
The TurboTax timeline tells you if your returns were accepted. 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Or would it be determined that I already had intent to purchase \nproperty and funded the SEP with $10,000 simply to save on taxes?There is no requirement that an amount needs to be in a qualified plan for X amount of time before you can withdraw it and use if for one of the exceptions to tax on early distributions.  The distribution itself will be taxable so youre not really saving on taxes, merely gaining a 1-year deferral.  I expect if you did this again and again, utilizing a different exception each time, that the IRS might take some action.Tom Young 
Heres how to get the Maryland military retirement subtraction (do this for each military 1099-R):https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4416942The subtraction is up to $5K for those under age 65 and up to $10K for age 65 or over. 
See Financial Hardship here:http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/taxpayer_rights/Documents/collection%20actions.pdf
The amount you have withheld from each job is dependent upon the W-4 that you complete and give to your employer, so re-evaluate each time you submit those forms.   Also, any unemployment comp that your receive is taxable.You also have not told us how much your gross pay was for each job. 
No.  A tax deduction reduces your taxable income.  Since this money is subtracted from your account before you ever withdraw it, it is never taxable income and so you cant deduct anything for it.  The taxable income from your IRA is whatever amount you actually manage to withdraw, which takes into account fees as well as changes in market value and investment choice.
You are a resident of Maryland for tax purposes if:  a.   Your permanent home is or was in Maryland (the law refers to this as your domicile). ORb.   Your  permanent  home  is  outside  of  Maryland,    but  you maintained a place of abode (a place to live) in Maryland for \n\nmore than six months of the tax year. If this applies to you and you were physically present in the state for 183 days or \n\nmore, you must file a full-year resident return.http://forms.marylandtaxes.com/current_forms/resident_booklet.pdfOf course, as a resident of PA you must also file a PA return. 
When you say that you deduct her Part B premium as a business expense, I assume that you mean that you take it as a Form 1040, Line 29 deduction, and not as a business expense on Schedule C, because the latter is explicitly not allowed.  In any case, since you are not self-employed, you may not deduct your health insurance on Line 29 of Form 1040 or on your wifes Schedule C. 
The IRS will be sending you a letter about this. 
Look at Part III, line 16 of the form you submitted.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfOn Form 1040 or 1040A, this is the number you entered in box 6d.\nOn Form 1040EZ, this is the number of unchecked boxes on line 5.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdf 
If your SSN has already been filed, it might just b e a typo by another taxpayer of possible ID theft.  All you can do is mail yiur return this year - you will not be able to e-file.See this IRS article:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Identity-Theft-Victim-Assistance-How-It-Workshttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Taxpayer-Guide-to-Identity-Theft 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
A Partnership return (Form 1065) requires the use of TT Business (not Home and Business), which is only available in Windows version. Partners are not employees and should not be issued a Form W-2. The partnership must furnish copies of Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) to the partners by the date Form 1065 is required to be filed, including extensions.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Partnerships 
When you sign on to your account your efile status should be on the welcome page.To further check your status see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-check-my-e-file-status 
Please contact TT Support for assistance:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS: http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
It could be a phishing email  looking for your banking information. You can send the email to spoof@intuit.com.No one here on this open forum knows what you did on your tax return, look on the filing instructions that you did on the pdf copy of your tax return. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing your return if the current e-file status is No Record Found - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901520-no-record-found-when-looking-up-your-e-file-status-at-turb... 
TT refund dates are just estimates.  Check the IRS website.
Youll need to phone TurboTax Support for any fee/billing issues.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number? 
Since you didnt pay any of the premiums and your parents have probably taken the entire advance credit ( you can ask them ) then your % for all 3 places would be Zero. 
Try the South Carolina DORs Taxpayer Advocate Service to see if they can assist you in at least finding out some info, if not expediting the process.   Here is the contact info:https://dor.sc.gov/contact/taxpayer-advocate 
Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
duplicate post 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
TurboTax cannot fax your returns to you.  However, you should be able to access copies of your returns as long as you know the login information.  Please see instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you need further assistance, please contact TurboTax Customer Support by using the info below during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal  cover sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\n\n\n\n\nIf you did set up the direct debit correctly when the return was timely filed then you can use that information to dispute the penalties & fees in a response to the IRS notice. 
The bank would have bounced the deposit back to the IRS, and then the IRS would have mailed you a check. 
You cannot upgrade to a lower version ... you already have the Deluxe version so your only option to upgrade are the Premier or H & B. 
Ignore ALL the vouchers ... you dont use any when you have a balance due on a form 1040X. Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Duplicate post 
The response from the IRS on the acceptance or rejection of the Installment agreement can take 2 months or more however you are allowed to make payments until they do to reduce your balance due.https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since NC cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps.\n\n\n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment. 
Unfortunately, once you\ntransmit your return you cannot change it or get it back. You would\nhave to wait until your return gets rejected or accepted.  If\nrejected, you can make your changes or add information to your return. If\naccepted, you would need to amend your return to correct or add\ninformation to your return. \n\nIf you need to amend your\nreturn and youre amending to claim more money, the IRS says to wait until\nyouve received your original refund before filing an amendment. Once youve\nreceived your original refund, feel free to cash or spend it while your\namendment gets processed (this can take 1216 weeks). 3 weeks after you mailed your\namendment, you can start tracking its progress at the IRS Wheres My Amended\nReturn? site.\n\nMore information regarding\namending a return can be found below: \n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhat does it mean to\namend a return?\n\n        \nDo I Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill amending delay my original tax\nrefund?\n\n        \nWhat is the deadline for filing an\namended return?\n\n           Can I e-file my 1040X\nto amend my return? 
You should receive a 2016 1099-R next year with a code "PJ" in box 7, the total returned contribution ($6,100) in box 1 and any taxable earnings ($600)  in box 2a.You could report it now and indicate, when the interview asks, that it is a 2016 1099-R and not a 2015, which will make code "P" taxable in 2015 and not 2014.   The you can then ignore the real 1099R when it comes. 
\n\nYou\ncan claim deductible business auto/truck expenses in one of two ways.\n\n\nIRS\n     Mileage Rate:  You can claim\n     business miles times the IRS mileage rate. IRS mileage rates for business\n     activities are $0.56/mile in 2014 and $.575/mile in 2015. You can add\n     parking and tolls to the mileage rate.\nActual\n     Cost: You can claim your actual costs including depreciation times the\n     percentage that you use your car for business. Actual costs would include\n     gas, oil, insurance, repairs, etc. Payments on a note would not be\n     deductible. The cost of the vehicle would be deducted through depreciation\n     instead (or lease payments if you lease it.)\n\n\nWhere\nto Deduct: \n\n\nIf you are\n     an employee, they are a miscellaneous itemized deduction. Miscellaneous\n     itemized deductions are only available if you qualify to itemize and only\n     to the extent that they exceed 2% of your Adjusted Gross Income.\n     Example:  If your Adjusted Gross\n     Income is $50,000, only miscellaneous itemized deductions over $1,000 are\n     deductible. Because of this, many items deductible as miscellaneous\n     itemized deductions have no tax value because the taxpayer doesnt\n     itemize, or because they are lost in the 2% of adjusted gross income limitation.\nIf you are\n     self-employed, these expenses would be business expenses on Schedule C.\n\n\n 
1. Click on Federal Taxes2. Click on Deductions & Credits, if prompted, please click Continue3. Check your list for Import from ItsDeductible Online, if listed, click on Start/Edit, otherwise, please continue4. If it is not listed, click on Check for other tax breaks, then Jump to full list5. Scroll down to Charitable Donations and click on Show more6. Click on Start/Edit next to Import from ItsDeductible Online 
You need to get a copy of your W-2 from your employer if you dont have one.  The IRS notice should have instructions on how to mail it to them. 
What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check here. \n 
You dont have to finish and file a 2015 online return.  If your 2014 return is locked, you have to pay for a 2015 online product to unlock it.  The minimum purchase is Free Edition upgraded to PLUS (29.99).   NOTE:  Before starting a return and paying, be certain you are in the same account as the locked returns. i.e., that  you can at least see evidence of the prior return in the Tax Timeline for that  year.Heres how to start a 2015 online return and immediately pay for it:\nLog in and begin a 2015 online return in Free Edition. You dont have to enter very much at all.  \n\nOnce the return has been started, click at the top on the Upgrade link and upgrade to PLUS.\nThen you have to pay for your purchase.  To do that, the return must be open (if not already open.)   \nThen click on MY ACCOUNT at the top and then PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return..  (yes, you have to choose this years in order to pay.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n 
When\nyou log in, see if there is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.  \nClicking that should take you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf\nit acts like it wants you to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have\nmultiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.\n\nUse\nthe tool below to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each\nemail address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters.
A first quarter 2016 estimated tax payment (due April 18, 2016) is reported next year on a 2016 return.  It is a payment toward 2016 taxes, not the 2015 taxes.At EFTPS, did you indicate it as a 2016 payment? 
your earnings will be ordinary income, reported on Line 15b.If you cant get the number from your custodian, youll have to file an amended return when the 1099-R arrives.but you can get the number. it is amount moved - amount contributed. youll have to make up a virtual  1099-R. put the earnings in the taxable amount box. 
Generally, an S corporation must file Form 1120S by the 15th day of the 3rd month after the end of its tax year. For calendar year corporations, the 2015 due date was March 15, 2016. 
Go to Deductions and Credits, and down to Other Deductions and Credits, Alimony Paid. Delete anything that appears there.
You should file as an Married filing jointly couple with you submitting the injured spouse report so that your income and withholding are not considered for the offset. form 8379.  Search for injured spouse in search box.If you file separately you will not be eligible for some credits and deductions. 
No.  You need TurboTax Business - not Home & Business - to create a Form 1065.Tom Young 
That is not unusual. The card comes from the issuing bank and the refund comes from the IRS. Check the IRS where is my refund site to see what stage your refund is in. https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS says it has been issued then call the number on the card to see if they have received it.
http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/net+proceeds 
Go to the List of Forms, select Form 1040X and delete it. 
If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid 
Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040 
You can contact your state Dept of Revenue https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenueHave you been able to trace your refund on the state site? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundAre you certain that you filed your state? It is a separate filing step from the federal. Your status should show when you log into your account. Check Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or rejected.  - Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.- It will tell you when you E-filed- The electronic filing date
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
After further review: It appears that your employer failed to withhold county tax and now wants you to pay it, rather than him.  As I read form IT-40RNR, there is no where to pay IN state tax, because you do not owe any. There is only a place to calculate county tax. There is also a place to enter any county withholding, so you may end up owing nothing. What you paid OH is not relevant, so it does not get entered anywhere. If you had IN STATE withholding, you can also get that refunded, by filing form IT-40RNR.The form seems simple enough and you should be able to do it by hand. I dont think you want to try to tackle it in TurboTax 
If you selected a direct DEBIT for taxes you owe, you can call this number to inquire about the debit and if it was actually scheduled or not:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Pay-Taxes-by-Electronic-Funds-WithdrawalCancellations, Errors and Questions:\nIn the event Treasury causes an incorrect amount of funds to be withdrawn from a bank account, Treasury will return any improperly transferred funds.\nOnce your return is accepted, information pertaining to your payment, such as account information, payment date, or amount, cannot be changed. If changes are needed, the only option is to cancel the payment and choose another payment method.\n\nCall IRS e-file Payment Services 24/7 at 1-888-353-4537 to inquire about or cancel your payment, but please wait 7 to 10 days after your return was accepted before calling.\nCancellation requests must be received no later than 11:59 p.m. ET two business days prior to the scheduled payment date.\nIf a payment is returned by your financial institution (e.g., due to insufficient funds, incorrect account information, closed account, etc.) the IRS will mail a Letter 4870 to the address we have on file for you, explaining why the payment could not be processed, and providing alternate payment options.\nIn the event your financial institution is unable to process your payment request, you will be responsible for making other payment arrangements, and for any penalties and interest incurred.\nContact your financial institution immediately if there is an error in the amount withdrawn\n\n 
Go to the FTB website for options:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/index.shtml?disabled=true 
If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf 
Yes, the 2015 program can still be used and will be updatable for at least 3 years.    It has both Windows and MAC versions on the CD.What OS will you be using and what version?If MAC, see these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901272-how-do-i-install-the-turbotax-software-for-macMAC requires OS X v. 10.9 (64-bit)  or higher (but may work with 10.7 or 10.8).https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920594-what-happens-if-i-install-turbotax-2015-on-mac-os-x-10-7-o...MAC system requirements:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899173-minimum-system-requirements-for-turbotax-mac-software 
Any account-specific fee issues would need to be handled by TurboTax Customer Support.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The 21 day time frame is only a target given by the IRS. Many tax returns take longer than 21 days to process. You should track your return status on the IRS web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html
A middle name doesnt effect a tax return as the IRS only looks at the first 4 letters of the last name. 
To contact TurboTax (TT) support: \n\n 8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp If you used the free edition of TT, you cannot get copies of your past returns for free. TT considers that an additional service 
In general the three year rule applies to errors to your return and not for failure to file. RITA is an administration unit. Each municipality, that RITA collects taxes for, has its own ordinance.  You will have to check your citys ordinance. For example, mine (Fairborn) has a 5 year statute of limitations for failure to file. See https://www.ritaohio.com/municipalities/rita-rules-and-regulations/
This is probably stupid, but did you update the tax forms? There are always updates for every tax year. 
TurboTax only imports the information contained in the forms, it doesnt keep a copy of the forms themselves.   If you dont have copies of the original forms, youll need to request copies from the places that issued them to you.  Or you can request copies from IRS, but that could take quite some time to become available to send to you. 
See the information below for TurboTax payment options.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082A credit card must have a US billing address.  If none of the payment options are available to you, the best suggestion Id have is that you contact a friend or family member for permission to use their credit card with a US billing address.  Then you can reimburse that person for the fees. 
Yes,\nyou can do this using TurboTax. If you are including\nthe full amount of your foreign wages on your US income tax return and if you\npay foreign taxes on these wages, you will be allowed an offset for these\nforeign taxes on your US tax return.\n\nIf you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability.\n\n \n\n Here are the IRS rules ....  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf\n\n \n\nIf you do not have a\nIRS W-2 from a foreign company then you do not enter the form you received in\nthe W-2 section.  You enter the income as Foreign Earned Income.\n\n        \nClick on Federal Taxes\n\n        \nClick on Wages and\nIncome\n\n        \nClick on Ill choose\nwhat I work on\n\n        \nScroll down to Less\nCommon Income\n\n        \nOn Foreign Earned\nIncome and Exclusion, click the start or update button\n\nSee this TurboTax\nsupport FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-how-do-i-report-foreign-income\n\n \n\n 
This is TurboTax not the IRS, TurboTax has no way of knowing about the process of your return.  An amended return must be mailed and can take 8 to 16 weeks to be processed.\n\nYou can track\nthe status of your Federal amended\nreturn using the IRS website Wheres My Amended Return or you can call\n1-866-464-2050, (You need to wait about\n3 weeks from the date you mailed your amended return for information to\nshow up in their system).\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
To\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
See the following:http://kff.org/interactive/subsidy-calculator/ 
To pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n
Sorry no, TurboTax Business (not to be confused with the Home & Business version) cannot prepare 1040 returns.  You need one of TurboTaxs personal versions.Personal Desktop versions (CD/Download)https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/-----------------------------------Personal Online versions:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4801245 
Sorry you are having trouble with the software.  This is a user to user forum, no one here can access your information.  You can use the Clear option to clear any information you have entered.  Then you can let the account go dormant, TurboTax will purge any accounts that have not filed a return or been paid for when they shutdown the 2015 Online version in October.\n\nTo clear your Online return: (you will not be able to clear your\nreturn if you have paid for the program or filed your return)\n\n- Have your\nreturn open in TurboTax\n\n- click on My\nAccount at the top of the screen\n\n- click on Clear\n& Start over \n\n- If you dont want to start over just close your browser\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online 
The $29.99 was for the State return (with the Free Edition), not to e-file.  With the Online version there is no charge for e-filing, the price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return.  The charge is for the returns. 
Submit them now. If you have a refund, there is no penalty for late filing. If you owe taxes, the sooner you file and pay what is owed, the lower your penalties and interest for late filing will be. 
apparently you requested an installment payment plan.  However, there is a maximum time period allowed to fully pay the taxes.  if you go beyond that the IRS may reject the payment plan in which case you will get a letter from the irs which could take 6 to 8 weeks.  Could your return have other problems that TT can not diagnose such as interest, dividend or other income reported to the IRS but not on your return.  There is also the possibility of identity theft where some stole your tax payments.  Contact the IRS by phone to check on whats happening. 
No one at TT can speed up the IRS.  Try the Tax Advocate:https://www.irs.gov/Advocate 
There were some issues with some early versions of the software, depending on what version you purchased.1)  Make sure you install as Administrator.2)  shut down the software, then re-start it and make sure you run the software updates before attempting to download the state software.3)....if #2 doesnt work, go to the following page and download...and Install... the manual update for 2014 (link is lower downs on the page)...then try againhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901192-manually-update-turbotax-for-windows-software-basic-deluxe...4) still a No-Go?...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Only the IRS knows why. They will send you a letter within a couple of weeks explaining the reason for the adjustment in your refund. 
There is no charge for Direct Deposit, with the Online version the charge is for the returns.  OR: If you had your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, there is an additional charge of $34.99 for that service, which is charged by the bank that handles the transaction, it is not a Direct Deposit fee.If there was a problem depositing your refund into your bank account for some reason, your refund is automatically switched to be received by check (by the IRS, State, or the bank that handles the Refund Processing fee) 
You may qualify as her dependent.\n\nTo\nbe a dependent as a qualifying relative, in addition to being a citizen of the\nUS or a resident of the US, Canada or Mexico:\n\n\nyou must\n     provide more than 1/2 of  their\n     support,\nthey must\n     not earn more than $4,000 in 2015 in gross income subject to tax (social\n     security doesnt count).\nthey must\n     not file a joint return with another\nIf not an\n     actual relative, they must live with you all 365 days of the year, and\nthey must\n     not be a qualifying child of another taxpayer\n\n\n
Sorry, but only the IRS can answer your question. You\nmight try contacting IRS Taxpayer Advocates Office. Ive found them helpful\non amended returns. They work through the mail and arent a quick fix, but they\ndo resolve problems. Their contact information is here:  http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateWhat is the problem with America today?The problem with the IRS is decreasing staff due to several years in a row of budget cuts despite additional work due to the affordable Care Act.  Were getting the best service from the IRS that the Congress is willing to pay for.  Unfortunately, they arent willing to pay much.\n\n
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Did you efile the federal?  You have to wait until the federal has been accepted.  Or if you mailed the federal you have also mail the state.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5269973 
Sorry, but there is no such thing as a partial dependent.  The dependent is claimed for the entire year by the parent with whom the child lived more than 182 days in 2015.  If not your child or relative, the child must live with you all 365 days of the year. 
Accepted means accepted/received for processing. The IRS can still change something on your return. 
Sometimes the best response for multiple rejects\nis to just print the darn thing and file on paper.  You will probably get your refund faster and\nwont have the frustration of trying to get the IRS to timely correct their\ndatabase. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x 
If a check was mailed, it will come to you directly, not to the bank. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3118321-transfer-online-data-to-desktop-incomplete-return-2015Contact Turbotax during their business hours M-F  8-5 Pacific time if you paid the CA fees for 2014. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  if needed. 
The voucher 1040-V is helpful but not mandatory.Be sure to make your check payable to US Treasury and write your SSN and For tax 2015 on the check.ORVisit www.irs.gov to pay by phone, or by Direct Pay. 
what is the question about your 2014 NH taxes that you are getting? 
To view your fees/receipt for your 2015 tax return prepared and filed using TurboTax, you can log into your TurboTax Online account, click on Taxes, then on My Tax Timeline, then Get Order Details. Remember to add state sales tax to the total fees. 
Are you referring to energy credits. The credit for qualified hybrid vehicles ended on December 31, 2010. Any acquisitions after January 1, 2011 are not eligible for this credit. See: http://www.irs.gov/businesses/corporations/article/0,,id=203122,00.htmlSome states may have credits available in 2011. A summary of state hybrid tax credits (from a non-Intuit source) is here: http://www.hybridcars.com/local-incentives/region-by-region.html 
The IRS doesnt deposit your state return, your state Department of Revenue does.  Depositing your state refund has no effect on the IRS depositing your federal return.  Apparently, the IRS is just a (hopefully) few days slower. 
If your original tax return that was mailed to the IRS was sent back because it was unsigned, you just sign and date the return and mail it back to the IRS.  An amended return is only used if the original return was accepted by the IRS and the original return has to be changed.  Your original return was never accepted by the IRS since it was unsigned.If your return has a tax refund there is no penalty for filing a return with a tax refund after the due date.If your return has taxes owed, then there will be a late payment penalty along with interest on the unpaid taxes. 
Review this TurboTax support FAQ on the Refund\nProcessing Service you requested when having your TurboTax account fees\ndeducted from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...\n\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced\nor offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax\nfees, youll receive a Request\nfor Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can\npay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame\nspecified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days\nafter your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for\nyour TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS releases\nyour refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct\nyour TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\nAnd -\n\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund\nProcessing Agreement:\n\nIn\naddition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically\nsign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the\nTurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable\nsales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in\nthe event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for\nthem.\n\n \n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
If your daughter gives you property she is required to file a Gift Tax Return Form 709
Contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a Support agent concerning this issue.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If you use Turbotax you will have to buy the 2014 program cd or download and recreate the federal return to transfer to your state.Or you can go to the state dept of revenue site for your location and download the blank forms.Make sure you use the 2014 forms for prior year. You will probably need to print a copy of the federal return and send with your state return-it depends on the state requirements. 
Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay, but last years Identity Theft may mean it is being examined manually. 
How about just redacting the transcript that the IRS sends you? 
TT refund dates are only estimates. Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds 
The IRS does not get your state tax return, only your Federal one.
There is no additional fee to amend a tax return originally prepared using Turbotax unless you are required to upgrade to enter the change on the amended return. 
No website can push the IRS to work faster.You can contact the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center by phone or fax. The International Call Center is operational Monday through Friday, from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time):Tel: 267-941-1000 (not toll-free)Fax: 267-941-1055 
It worked correctly when I (another user) tested it as well. To enter Estimated Taxes Paid:\n\nFederal Taxes tab (Personal in the Home & Business version)\nDeductions and Credits\n\nIll Choose What I Work On or Continue (whichever shows up)\nscroll to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\nthen, Estimates\n\nMake sure to read carefully the types and years for the payments you enter. 
Your options are:!.  Married Filing Separately (spouse is not required to have an SSN or ITIN)2. Married Filing Separately & claiming an exemption for the Spouse (spouse must obtain an ITIN and have no U.S. income of any kind)3.  Head of Household, if you have a dependent child who lives with you and you pay more than half of the household expenses  (Child must be a US citizen (or resident) and have an SSN or ITIN)You cannot file as Single.  You could file as Married Filing Jointly, but that would subject your Spouses entire income to U.S. taxation. 
Did you ask to have your TT fees deducted from your Federal refund, and has that refund been delayed?You can buy a prepaid card at a store, and use that to pay the fees. 
The answer to your issue is not clear.  The IRS has stated it believes a stock sold by one spouse at a loss and purchased within the restricted time period by the other spouse is a wash sale.  However, different courts have reached different conclusions especially when the spouses had separate accounts and acted independently.were the sale and purchase made in different accounts and did each of you act independently?if yes, you may want to take the position there was no wash sale.  to protect yourselves, you may want to add a statement to your return describing what took place and your reason for treating the transaction the way you did. it you report it as a wash sale it is also unclear as to whether or not the non-deductible loss can be added to your husbands basis. If his income is not reported for US tax purposes, which I assume is the case, then the basis adjustment issue is moot.  There is a case where a taxpayer sold securities at a loss and immediately repurchased them in an IRA.  The court disallowed the loss and would not allow the the basis of the IRA to be increased for the loss. 
As indicated in the comments, TurboTax calculated Form 1040 line 28 correctly.
You said you had your state taxes mailed.  TurboTax does not mail taxes for you.  Did you print and mail them in yourself?  If not, do so now. 
This is just a user discussion forum. You need to call TT Support.Simply click here to submit your question. Use the term billing.Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time. 
Do you mean your direct deposit info?  The IRS does not do wire transfers.  Go to the File tab in your Federal return. 
TT refund dates are just estimates.  And there is no charge to efile. 
That pop up would have just linked you to the ACA marketplace ...  https://www.healthcare.gov/exemptions-tool/#/ 
See here:http://thunfinancial.com/why-americans-should-never-ever-own-shares-in-a-non-us-incorporated-mutual-...
\n\nYour employer is allowed to give you up to $5250, per year tax free. Anything over that is to be included in box 1 of your W-2 as imputed income.If you were reimbursed more than $5250, and the excess is included on your W-2, you may count the excess in claiming the Education credit on your tax return.\n\n 
Glad you got it fixed.
The United States income tax system is a pay as you go system.  Most people pay as they go by having taxes withheld from paychecks but if you have a significant amount of income from which taxes are not withheld - dividends, interest, capital gains, independent contractor revenue, etc. - then you must make estimated tax payments on more or less a quarterly basis.  Otherwise you can be considered underpaid and incur underpayment penalties.From you statement it appears that you did incur underpayment penalties and had TurboTax calculate that penalty.  It appears that the IRS did a recalculation and came up with a penalty that was $44 less that you submitted on your income tax return.  If you sent in your income tax return with a check for the sum of line 78 - Amount you owe - plus line 79 - Estimated tax penalty -  then you should receive a refund.  If you only paid the IRS the line 78 amount then the IRS is telling you that the underpayment penalty is less than estimated on your income tax return and you need to pay the lesser amount.Tom Young 
You file a partnership return for the partnership and an individual return for the both of you.The Schedules K-1 would look the same if you are equal partners, have equal capital contributions, take equal draws, etc. 
Go back to the Personal info tab and edit yourself to change that answer. 
You will have to amend your return to add it to an already filed tax return. If your return is rejected by the IRS, you can correct the problem and fix the reason for rejection and re-efile your return. If your return is accepted by the IRS, you must prepare, print, sign and mail an amended tax return form 1040X to correct the problem. DO NOT change your original tax return until you start the amended return. If you have already changed it from the way it was originally filed and accepted, you must change it back before you start the amended return. Wait until you receive the refund from your original return before beginning your amended return to make sure you enter the correct amount. Here is an FAQ to help you:                                                                  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPGs bank, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information
The most common reason for missing information seems to relate to the health care subsidy.  turbotax does not know if you got a subsidy and can only direct you to the health care interview where you answer some questions about what kind of insurance you have.  If you answered no you did not have marketplace insurance when you actually did, this will cause your return to miss several important forms and miscalculate your tax.Another reason for missing information returns is if you submitted a W-2 or 1099-MISC but the employer has not submitted their matching copy (which was due March 31).  A common tax fraud tactic is to create an imaginary W-2 with large withholdings and use it to collect a big refund.  In some cases, the IRS will hold a return if the employer has not submitted the matching forms, and may ask you to send in your original W-2. The IRS can also screw up.Until you get the IRS letter, there is no way to know what information the IRS considers missing. At that point, you can post the details here or contact customer support to discuss why it is missing (such as, Turbotax made a mistake, or you gave an incorrect answer, or something else.) 
Her amended return (which must be filed by mail) will take several months to process, so you must file your own return by mail as well. 
The IRS can help you find a reputable preparer in your area.https://www.irs.gov/uac/New-IRS-Tool-Can-Help-You-Find-a-Tax-Preparer 
Yes, start with oldest.  You can purchase the 2013 and 2014 software here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/These must be filed by mail.For 2015, you can efile until mid-October.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 
https://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-YearState refund times vary.
Whatever the delay was in processing, apparently it was resolved. The Taxpayer Advocates Office (TAO) has the ability to get the rest of the process accelerated in order to get your money to you. So, based on what you posted, I would say yes, and it should happen soon. 
A cash-basis taxpayer deducts expenses in the year those expenses were paid.  If you paid them in December or Ebay automatically charged some PayPal account of yours in December for your expenses, then they can be deducted in 2011.  However, if you are going to pay them in January 2012, then they are 2012 expenses.   But dont forget that the same timing applied to your December 2010 expenses that might have been paid in January 2011.  Those can be 2011 expenses. 
Hi Van150,You can get direction on printing your return here:Printing Your Tax Returnhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Print-and-Save/Printing-in-TurboTax/GEN12322.htmlIf you have any problems go here:Troubleshooting Common Printing Issueshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Print-and-Save/Troubleshooting-Common-Printing-Issues/GEN12087.htmlGood luck! 
Another answer,  Open return, Click on View at top, Click on Forms in the list that appears, click on Open Form at top of list and then type estimated in the search window at the top.  Then you will see a list and click on the first one and Open Form at bottom. The first one will be for April the following year and you can click on the others later. 
I assume you are asking about a download installation file for the desktop software.   If youre asking instead about tax returns, however, then some things in this answer will not apply, but the method to find multiple accounts is the same.Check to see if you have multiple accounts without realizing it (see instructions below.)  After you get a list of User IDs, try each one at this download link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadOnce you find the download installation file, keep a backup copy of it somewhere.  TurboTax only supports the current and previous 3 tax years, so it may disappear from your download account at some point after 3 years. Heres how to look for multiple accounts.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Depends what kind of 1099 it is.  If it is a 1099Misc you need to use Deluxe or higher.  But if you buy the Desktop program to amend all the versions have all the same forms so you can use Deluxe.  You can buy 2013 Deluxe here,https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/Here's how to amend a 2013 online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-to-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbotax-online-alternate-method 
The mortgage servicing agent is obligated to provide you with the Form 1098, and if you lost it, simply call and request a duplicate, as well as asking for the information over the telephone.  Alternatively, you can return to the start of Personal Income and select Import Summary.  If you imported the Form 1098, it should show.The one problem may be that a few mortgage servicers do not report the actual real estate taxes paid on a Form 1098, and may provide it through a separate mailing.Remember that the amount that is deductible is the amount that was paid to the taxing authority by you or by the mortgage servicer on your behalf, and not the amount that you have paid into escrow. 
TT cannot tell you that your returns were correct, as it has (for example) no way of knowing if you made a data entry error.What did the IRS and NYS change that resulted in fines? 
You cant. 
In Personal Income scroll down to Business Investment and Estate/Trust Income and select  Schedule K-1 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
Check the IRS website:https://www.irs.gov/Refunds 
2013 is the earliest year you can amend for a refund, unless you filed 4868 for 2012. 
Your only option: file on paper via US Mail.
Please contact TT Support for assistance when they reopen in the morning.
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3124638-copy-2014-help-please 
Due date for an individual tax return in Virginia was May 2 since the first was a Sunday.http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/Payment%20PO%20Boxes.pdfhttp://www.tax.virginia.gov/content/individual-faq2Print out your state tax return to see filing instructions. 
Try to track your state refund by clicking on your state at the following FAQ.  It will also tell you how to contact your states tax agency, if necessary.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
Mail the amended Form 1040X return.  Call the number on the IRS letter, and tell them you are amending. 
That is difficult to do in TT Online, since you must set up a new account. TT desktop has a What If feature. 
The free state promotion ended back on March 31. You cannot view or print the state return until you pay the TT fee. 
Code 307 is valid only for Forms 40N and 40P (not Form 40).https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/programs/individuals/Pages/subtractions.aspx 
A self-prepared income tax return software program isnt for everyone. I see you are using Home and Business, which means you have self-employment income.  Do you have a particular question? 
You probably have more than 1 account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/THEN how to print,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
We have already answered this. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3356034-can-t-view-or-find-my-state-return-i-have-been-unable-to-v... 
To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
This is the third time you have asked this question, but the first time you mentioned amended return/.Amended returns (Form 1040X) must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process..https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked... 
Did you use the Online cloud version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 
Use this TurboTax link for payments to TurboTax - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/ 
Call support tomorrow when they are open.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Yes, he can amend.  The IRS notes After, the SSN is issued and all other EITC requirements are met, the \ntaxpayer can file an amended return claiming EITC for any year the \nstatute of limitations is open.  https://www.eitc.irs.gov/Tax-Preparer-Toolkit/faqs/basicquals 
You can try posting your questions here in this forum or Contact Customer Service when they are open.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
There are a couple of reasons you may need to file a PA return. You have income earned in the state. They want to tax it.The other reason you may need to fiole a PA return is if you had income tax withheld from a 1099 or W-2. Then , you would want to file in order to collect the refund.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You can get a free transcript from the IRS:  http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nFor a $50 fee you can get a copy of the return from the IRS:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901218-can-i-get-a-copy-of-my-tax-return-from-the-irs\n\n\n\n\n\nSee the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your order\nclick on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\n\n\n\n\n
Log into ItsDeductible at the website below, and from the main page there click on the 2013 tab.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/If you dont find your entries there, then you may have multiple accounts without realizing it.   To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Where did you have it sent?  If it was your account? Maybe it just hasnt posted yet?  Id verify your direct deposit information on your taxes!  Make sure the information is correct!  If the account belongs to only you Id say give it a few days.  If its not your account call the IRS youre probably going to get a check. 
No!  Unless she will go add your name to get account!  They will know the account didnt belong to you.  Itll be rejected and then its up to 10 weeks until they mail you a check! 
Unfortunately, if they received it only they can tell you why its delayed.  Tax agencies dont share data with the IRS.  Their contact information is here:  https://revenue.alabama.gov/contact/ 
Are you doing a Canada return?  This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca 
The cheapest way to get your cash is to go to a bank and have them Cash Advance all but $2.50 of the total amount. The remaining $2.50 will be deducted in the Pin Fee from Netspend.Simple answer: Netspend is riddled with hidden fees, and TurboTax gets money to push it on customers. Shame on you TurboTax. 
In using the online platform, you must make payment for your 2015 program first in order to preview or edit the actual forms in your return.  See the instructions below.  Keep in mind, however, that making changes to your forms as calculated by TurboTax may prevent you from e-filing your return.  Some overrides do also void your Accuracy Guarantee.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302322 
You can switch your filing method from mail to e-file by using the instructions below.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3985787 
The easiest solution is simply to print your return and mail it in. 
If you did not mail the tax return using some type of registered mail with a return receipt requested, you will not know when or if the IRS and/or your state received the return.  If you have a refund from the tax return you can check on the IRS or State website for the status of the refund.  If you have taxes owed and paid the taxes your proof of payment would be the cancelled check, bank statement for a direct debit or credit card statement showing the payee. 
If you purchased the 2011 from TurboTax then you will need to contact TurboTax support and see if they will be able to assist you in obtaining a download for that tax year.  Note that TurboTax no longer supports tax year 2011 so they may not be able to assist you in getting the download.  In that case your other option is to purchase the software from an online retailer, such as Amazon.  Also note that since the software is no longer supported you may not be able to get any updates or a state download for that tax year.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
It depends upon your marital status, number of dependents, whether you itemize, etc.  See this Federal example (based on 2015 tax rates):\n\nTotal Income  $135,000\n\nTotal Deductions  $6,300 (Standard deduction)\n\nTotal Exemptions  $4,000 (Single, no dependents)\nTaxable Income  $124,700\n\n Regular Taxes  $27,987\nThere may also be State taxes due.  You didnt say why you wanted/needed $90,000 in 2016, but consider taking only what is necessary, or take some in 2016 and some in 2017.  I know folks who decided to pay off their mortgages (or buy a home or RV) and then were shocked that they lost so much to the taxman. 
If it is pending in TurboTax, then the IRS is currently having a problem.The IRS sent out an alert that the e-file system is down and not accepting any tax returns.  I don't know how long it has been down, but when they send an alert it must be serious."(May 6, 2016) The Modernized e-File Production System is currently experiencing an issue.  The IRS is working to resolve the problem as a top priority.  Please refrain from accessing the MeF System to transmit submissions, get acknowledgements, retrieve state submissions, send state acknowledgements or submit any other service requests until further notice."The IRS MeF status web page also shows the Modern E-file system as being "non-operational". 
Dont mail a paper tax return unless your electronic return is rejected.  Otherwise you will cause problems.  As long as it is pending, you just have to wait for the IRS to download it from the Turbotax data warehouse.Of course , if it is rejected, you can also try and fix any errors and send it electronically again.  Just dont submit both version at the same time.
No one on this user to user forum can help you with billing issues. You will need to contact TurboTax. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041 
You can no longer use TurboTax Online to file for 2014. TurboTax Online is only for the current tax year, which is now 2015. To file for 2014 you have to use the CD or download TurboTax software for 2014. You can purchase a download at the following link.http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou might get a better price from a reputable online seller that still has TurboTax for 2014 in stock.TurboTax does not allow returns for past years to be e-filed. You will have to print the return and file it by mail. When you print your tax return, TurboTax will print a page of filing instructions that includes the address to mail it to. 
You cant force the bank to correct their error.  But yes, always keep documentation of your activity so that you can support your return with printed records.  Theres no need to contact the IRS about the issue.  Just have your records on hand if/when the IRS ever contacts you about the discrepancy.
Step one. Save under a recognizable name a copy of the TurboTAX file containing your original return. Keep it safe. 
If there is no status shown for the state return when using the status lookup website, then you will need to return to the program and e-file the state return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing a state return after e-filing a federal return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3182020-how-do-i-file-my-state-return-after-i-have-e-filed-my-fede... 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x 
Disability insurance benefits are taxable for Federal in some cases, but not for this user, since the premiums were paid with after tax dollars.However, they can be recorded as nontaxable income in the Sales Tax deduction section if one itemizes. 
It can take months for IRS to approve or deny an installment agreement request.  If you'd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the approval letter, you can do so on the DirectPay website.https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-Pay 
You don't go though the business section but you do use your 2015 return to help prepare the 2016 quarterly estimates.  So DO NOT change anything in your actual 2015 return.  But you need to log in to your return and go though the estimated tax section.You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. If you can't get back into your return after filing 2015, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return. 
You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access your prior year online returns.  Assuming that you have signed onto your 2015 account using the exact same user ID you used to create the prior year accounts and you have the 2015 online return accessed - To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
If you lived in your current home more than two years, and the Huxley sale was more than two years ago,  the capital gain is tax free (up to $250,000). Half the cost basis of your home "steps up" on the date of your spouse's passing. For example, if you bought the house for $100,000 and it was worth $200,000 when your wife died, your cost basis when you sell it is $150,000 (your $50K half of the original cost plus the $100K  stepped up value for her half). 
Yes, you are eligible.  The requirement is only that your tax home be in a foreign country.  There are no requirements that the employer be foreign.Publication 54 is the easiest source of information.  If you want the legal gibberish, it is in Section 911 in the Tax Code and its Regulations.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p54/ch04.html#en_US_2015_publink100047399https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/911#dhttps://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/part-1    (scroll down to the 1.911 area) 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
To contact TurboTax support: \n\n 8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp 
Try changing it to common law and entering 0 for w/h fed. tax. 
If you are already receiving the Advance credit, they will probably not stop it.If the Marketplace questions your income, they may ask for proof of your estimated current year income.  If they accept it, you will receive the Advance Premium Tax Credit if you buy insurance through Healthcare Marketplace.  In the event they were to not accept your estimated income, you would not receive the Advance credit, but you would receive the full credit when you file your tax return (assuming you qualify). 
Once you have paid TurboTAX, you cannot clear and start over. 
While you can certainly use the software products you mention to help you organize your information and prepare your tax return, you need to make your quarterly estimated tax payments using form 1040-ES.  I have attached a link to the IRS form:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfIf you purchase the desktop version of Home and Business (2015 version) you should be able to input some basic information and then print the 2016 estimated tax vouchers.  You would need to go into the forms mode in order to do this.The 1040-ES would be completed using your personal information; i.e. SS#, etc.
Playing with your return in TurboTax Online is not a good idea. In TurboTax Online there is only one copy of your tax return, and any change you make is saved immediately and permanently. There is no back-out or undo, and no way to exit without saving the changes. If you want to use TurboTax Online to try out different scenarios, you can use a different user ID than the one you use for your actual tax return, but you will have to do a complete new return from scratch. Be careful to keep track of your different user IDs and passwords.If you want to be able to try out what-if situations its better to use the CD or download TurboTax software instead of TurboTax Online. The CD/download software has several ways that you can try out changes without affecting your actual tax return. You can make changes to your return and exit without saving. To be even safer, you can make a copy of the return with a different name and try out changes on the copy without affecting the actual return. There is also a What-If Worksheet that lets you try out different scenarios without changing the return at all.Another tool you can use to try out changes is TaxCaster, which is at the following link.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/HOWEVER, you mentioned donating my vacation home for more time. You cannot claim a deduction for donating the use of your property. You can only claim a deduction for donating your entire interest in the property - in other words, giving the vacation home to a charity, with no strings. 
Having filed an extension will not affect e-filing your return today. 
TurboTax provides a target date 21 days after your tax return is accepted based on general IRS guidelines. TurboTax has no control over nor knowledge of when you will actually receive your refund. TurboTax will not contact you about your refund. The best information is on the IRS refund tracking web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html 
Your course of action will depend on where you are in the audit process. Most service center audits are quick and often dont require information from you on issues like unreported income.  Usually the first letter you get is a PROPOSED audit adjustment. At this stage, the tax is not yet actually assessed. This is the time for you to respond and explain your position and provide documentation if you have it. You are given a deadline to meet to be able to avail yourself of this part of the process, unless you agree that the adjustment is accurate.The next stage is when they have assessed the tax and ask for payment, but also give you appeal rights. Again, you have a deadline to file your appeal and provide whatever proof you have. Or, if you agree make payment or arrangements for payments.Once your appeal rights have expired, and no payments have been arranged, then it is sent to collections. Having said all that, you need to 1) determine where you are in the process.                                                     2) take the appropriate steps in the the audit process                                               or   3) if you are are done with the audit process,  and need to pay, make the appropriate payment arrangements. Contact the number on the letter, and they will work with you on determining what you can afford to pay. If you can not pay, the will place the account in to an uncollectable status for a period of time. In all but a full pay situation, the IRS will take your refund until the liability is resolved. There could be some good news though...... even if your appeal rights have expired, and you can prove that you should have owed the money, there is 1 other process you can do.Go to www.irs.gov/forms      and pull up Form 843. You have up to 2 years after you pay off the liability to put in a claim. 
Again, that is more of a legal question. There is no Federal deduction for rent paid.And it is highly unusual for a landlord and a tenant to have a Joint account. 
1) call and tell them[number removed] (it may be a long wait) 2) mail in a certified check for the payment (make sure your social security number is on it) 3) be prepared to be billed for possibly a small penalty. Id send the check first. If you can hand deliver it to a local office, even better. Bring in any info you may have regarding your liability if you do. 
If your total income this year will be about the same as last year, you should increase withholding or pay estimated quarterly taxes for about the amount of taxes owed for last year. If you havent increased withholding to date, you will have to make up the shortfall in the rest of the year. You could decrease it by the amount of taxes you will save from the 4% increase in 401K contributions. If your goal is only to avoid any underpayment penalties, here are the underpayment penalty rules:In most cases, you must pay estimated tax if both of the following apply:1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax after subtracting your withholding and refundable credits.2. You expect your withholding plus your refundable credits to be less than the smaller of:a. 90% of the tax to be shown on your tax return, orb. 100% of the tax shown on your last years tax return for all 12 months.You can use one of these tools to help you determine what your taxes will be for 2016: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/ 
An amended return cannot be e-filed. It has to be printed and filed by mail. If you didnt mail it, you didnt file it. 
Are you working on a Canadian tax return?  This is the TurboTax US website AnswerXchange user forum.  Go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance with the Canadian tax return - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3336472-where-is-my-1040x 
If the bank information is incorrect, the IRS will issue a paper check for your refund and mail it to the address on your tax return. 
ACH standards allow up to 2 days for deposit transactions to be processed by the receiving bank, so you may need to check with your bank for their policies.First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) \n 
You did not get a return on your investment. You got a settlement.All taxable non-wage payments, such as punitive damages, liquidated damages, compensatory damages, payments for emotional distress, interest and attorneys fees and legal costs associated with the recovery of taxable amounts, will be reported on a Form 1099 issued to the claimant.
The first thing you need to do is to review and compare the banks routing number and your account number with what you put on the return. If they are correct, bring in all bank statements from the time you filed, your check book, and a copy of the return to your local IRS office and have them look at it. If it was entered incorrectly, they can assist you with that as well. Either way, just be prepared for significant delays in your refund. 
You can make tax and penalty free withdrawals of the principal (contributions) at any time. However, the earnings cannot normally be withdrawn under age 59 without paying the 10% early withdrawal penalty. 
Was your GA return actually filed?Make sure you actually filed the return by\n checking here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp \n - It will show the date you transmitted your\n return and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n - Both your Federal and State will be listed\n separately if you filed both.\n - It will tell you when you E-filed\n - The electronic filing dateOnce its been filed and accepted, only GA can tell you the status. 
Users who have received their refunds arent generally looking at this board any longer, but it does sound like the IRS is almost done processing your return.
You really need to get hold of TTX people thru this contact page... a telephone number will be provided during their working hours.........they will explain how to get hold of yoru prior years files...assuming you prepared them using TurboTax...to Call Customer Support and talk to a real TTX personA telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
TT no longer supports 2007-2011, so theres no way to download the Hawaii software for those years.
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899161-more-information-about-the-netspend-premier-visa-prepaid-c... 
Actually - there are two possibilities if the intent is education and not filing:\nUse online accounts - possibly one for each student; with one or more set of hypothetical income and expense items and possibly varying status.  There is no testing done of the name/address/tax-id (SSN) entered so you can use dummy data if preferred.   The students can carry this process all the way to the point completion except they cannot see the produced forms as that requires payment.  However, along the way there are numerous displays of how the income and deductions and any credits do apply.\n\nBuy one desktop software license and use all the way through producing the printed forms - in PDF or paper - for as many students as you wish - one at a time.\n
Never resided or worked in NJ. I was a remote employee.  A handful of states, including New Jersey, use a convenience versus necessity test. This allows these states to tax the income of a nonresident telecommuter if his or her employer is located in the state.  http://www.thetaxadviser.com/issues/2010/feb/apractitionersguidetothetaxationoftelecommuting.html#st...http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2009/jun/20091371.htmlhttp://www.cheatsheet.com/personal-finance/why-some-telecommuters-are-facing-double-taxation.html/?a... 
You can prepare and file (by mail) a 2014 tax return for a refund until April of 2018.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Or, you can pull the 2014 forms and instructions from the IRS and State tax websites, and do them by hand.like to know when Ill get my 2015 tax return backhttps://www.irs.gov/Refundshttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year 
As a cash basis taxpayer you deduct mortgage interest when you pay it in cash, not when its capitalized as part of the mortgage loan.Tom Young 
It would appear that South Carolina also expects pay as you earn Estimated Taxes:Form SC1040ES\n\nhttps://dor.sc.gov/forms-site/Forms/SC1040ES_09302015.pdf   Worksheet for computing Estimated Tax in SC\n\n\nhttps://dor.sc.gov/services-site/Documents/ePay%20IIT%20Dec%20User%20Guide.pdf#search=estimated  Electronic payment of SC Estimated Tax\n
What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the separate Federal and State ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheets.  Not the3) (Picture 1&2) Look at that sheet, and if you to arranged a Balance-Due payment to the Feds & state with your tax filing, it will look like the pictures displayed here in #1 & #2.  Re-check all the account routing numbers.4)  (Picture 3)  IF you did not arrange payment with your filing, , then the Fed/State Electronic Filing Instructions sheets will look like the third picture.  Then you will have to mail in a payment, to the Feds or State, or go to the Feds or states tax website to pay.
You have to stick with this return.  Send them what they want. 
Since there are so many last minute filers, the system is bogged down and things take longer. Go to www.irs.gov  click on wheres my refund. it will ask you for you social security number and the amount of your refund. Then it should only take a few moments to get a status update.
Im including instructions below for accessing PDF files of tax returns from prior years filed using TurboTax online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you still need to speak with TurboTax Customer Support, please use the information below during current business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Due to all the new banking regulations and the rampant Identity Theft in the tax refund industry certain annoying precautions must be taken and there is not much you can do but comply as requested and be patient. 
I would print a new copy and sign it  and send it back with the forms they sent as requested.
Glad it did.  They fixed the blank box 14 issue for the Federal a couple months ago but I guess they forgot about the NY state. 
You dont need a printer ... just look at the PDF on your screen for the AGI.  And only you can see your information, no one at TT has access to your tax returns and cannot send them to you. Save the PDF to a thumb drive and take it somewhere that is can be printed. Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\n 
When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489\n\n\n\n\n\n 
IRS says most refunds in 21 days, not all refunds in 21 days. 
If you havent filed a return yet all you need to do is file a correct return.  If your social security number was used in the illegally filed return, you would need to print it and file it by mail.  As the account has already been used to prepare a return you need to establish a new account to prepare your correct return.
If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543 
For an investment that you own for one year or less, you will owe ordinary income tax at your marginal tax rate on the capital gain. Your marginal tax rate would likely be 25%. So the tax on $22,000 of gain would be around $5500.If you hold it for more than a year, the capital gain would be taxed at long term capital gain tax rates. If your marginal tax rate is below 25%, the capital gains tax is 0%. If it is 25% to 35%, the capital gain tax is 15%. The tax at 15% on $22,000 of gain would be around $3300.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
Start by completing and/or checking all the Personal Info.To use the step by step method, you can start the interview at the beginning and follow it all the way through skipping the W-2.OR you click on Federal Taxes then Wages & Income then Ill Choose what I work on then scroll down the page and find the form you want to enterOR you can type the form number such as 1099-R in the search box and click on it in the drop down box and click on jump to. You can do this for each type of form you want to enter. If you are filing a married filing jointly tax return, make sure you designate which spouse each 1099-R belongs to. 
Most of the time users with this issue have more than one TurboTax account and dont realize it.  See the instructions below to see if you have more than one TT account, and also other reasons you may not be able to find your 2015 return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3290682 
Take a look at this article.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
If you filed using the mobile app (it appears so from your post), you should be able to view a PDF file of your returns by following the instructions below.  Your OR return should show your refund amount.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082 
Yes, it can be.  It is due on June 15th.However, you will need to file by mail, using the 2015 forms.  You will cross out 2015 and write 2016 on them.  You also need to make sure you are filing it according to the 2016 rules.  TurboTax will NOT do some of the thing correctly (such as depreciation), so you may want to go to a tax professional to have it done.  Another possibility is to file an extension, and file that by December 15th, using the early 2016 edition software.The due date for 5500 for calendar year plan is July 31st.https://www.irs.gov/Retirement-Plans/Form-5500-Corner 
If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543I already paid the CA state tax before I was sent the prizes. Paying tax on the prizes is similar to withholding on wages.  Its an advance payment you claim as a credit when filing your return.  If you didnt file a CA return and the winnings are high enough, you may still need to.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You may wish to change your forum display name for your privacy/security.  This is a public Internet forum.  No telling who might try to contact you.  To change the forum display name, click the user icon in the top right corner of this page and choose Profile Settings.I assume you got a 1099-INT with an amount in Box 3?  When you go through  the interest income interview, you will have to click the little check box to expand the screen to get more data fields (see screen images below).To get to the interest income interview:\nOpen your return, and in the top right corner is a search tab.\nEnter 1099-INT without quotes.\nChoose Jump to 1099-INT.\n\n 
You need to complete the Form W4 and estimated taxes interview under the Other tax situations tab.  That will prepare the Form 1040ESs, if you actually do need to file.  The first estimated tax payment was due 4/18 and subsequent payment dates are 6/15, 9/15 and 1/17 of next year.If you really should have paid estimated taxes on 4/18 - depending on your income pattern you may not have to have made a 1st quarter payment - then pay that estimated taxes as soon as you can to stop the clock ticking on possible penalties.Tom Young 
See Section IV in this reference for the law on this issue:https://www.naela.org/Public/Section_Newsletters/Trusts_SNTs/Spring_2014/Five_Things_to_Remember_Abo...\n\n\n\n\n 
As the other person stated, even though its not taxable, it still has to be reported. you need to file an amended return reporting the SSA non-taxable income. If there are no other issues, that will resolve the matter.I strongly recommend that you call the number on the IRS notice and tell them what you plan to do. They will set up a mutually agreed upon deadline to accomplish this. Since it is now in a collection status, they will have you send the form to a different location than you normally would, and you might even be able to FAX it. But once a plan is agreed upon, all collection efforts will cease until either the deadline passes or the amended return is received and submitted for processing. 
When you were asked why you received the money, if you had selected self-employment income or any of the related choices such as contract work, you would have been given a Schedule C.  The program can only respond to the information you enter.  If you dont answer the questions in a manner that indicates a need for a Schedule C, then none is calculated.  Since your entries indicated the money was not for self-employment, the program made a correct choice.  You would not be able to escalate the issue since the error was caused by your own entries. 
At this late date, you must file 2014 tax return on paper via US Mail. 
If by im confused as to if it went through? you are referring to if your amended income tax return has been e-filed, the answer to that is No.  You cannot e-file an amended income tax return.  You must mail in your 1040X amended income tax return, including all pages of your income tax return that have changed from your as filed income tax return.Tom Young 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
TurboTax Support is closed for the weekend, but we can tell you how to recover an account.  Some people even end up with multiple accounts without realizing it, so the tool will check for that as well.To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts/passwords, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
When the cost basis is not reported and you do not enter it, the IRS assumes it is zero, and the entire proceeds are taxable.Check your tax return, as it sounds like you only reported two securities. You have to ask the investment co why the 3rd one wasnt in the info they sent you. 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund (for which there is a 34.99 service fee), that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
I did not realize this but it looks like the insolvency 982 is only handled in the cd/download versions and not in the online program.Recommended Answer from Turbotax\nTo qualify for the insolvency, you must show that all of your liabilities (debts) were more than the Fair Market Value of all of your assets immediately before the cancellation of debt.\nTo show that you are insolvent and are excluding your canceled debt from income, you must fill out Form 982.  Although the form is available in Turbo Tax, it is not available on line.  You would have to use a cd/download and fill out the form manually, there is no interview questions for this.\nI recommend that you first read the following links and fill out the insolvency worksheet and the form from the IRS website. Once you have completed it, purchase the cd/download to enter the forms information into the software.\nPlease refer to page 5 for insolvency explanation and page 8 for insolvency worksheet:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4681.pdf\nForm 982 and its instructions:\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f982.pdf \n 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
The first year on 1099 income can be difficult to to estimate, because you dont have a previous year to help make that determination. Your tax will be based on your net income after expenses. Keep a tight track of that. Just bear in mind that that you are now responsible for both parts of your social security taxes. So it will be twice what you are used to.  As far as filing, if you have no employees, then, you only have to file your tax return as you always have. However, you will be required to pay your taxes quarterly, since they are no longer withheld .  You can download the form 1040 ES at irs.gov and look for the forms button.  It will also provide you with instructions and give you information you need to help determine how much to pay. For first time 1099 filers, the IRS usually will not assert an underpayment penalty for the first year, as there is no track record upon which to base the payment. The payments for the following year should be based on the previous year, unless there is a significant difference. One common mistake for a lot of people on 1099s is that they think that when their income is below a taxable level for income tax theyre in the clear. But the Self Employment tax will still be due. So dont fall in to that trap. 
If you filed your return with the correct amount of tax, but made an error in the payment, the problem will correct itself and you do not need to amend your return. The system will show the total payments compared to the total tax due. If you did pay too much, then they will issue you a refund in 6-8 weeks.  If over-reported your income and need to amend it, then absolutely, show all payments made towards your tax for the year.  One tip on this, you want to allow sufficient time for the original return to process (6 weeks if you mailed it in) before you file the amendment. Otherwise, you may cause the return to go in to a section of the service center that, in simple terms, will really be slow.
Try these methods to check on the Arizona state return:Go to the site below, and click the Wheres My Refund link.https://www.aztaxes.gov/HomeOr use the refund hotline number shown on this page:https://www.azdor.gov/Individual.aspxIf you need to, you can phone Arizona DOR to have a live agent check on it.  You can get the phone number and business hours on this page:https://www.azdor.gov/Individual.aspxIf you need to speak to TurboTax Customer Support, heres how to get a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Download the PDF to include all forms and worksheets.  Look at the Federal Information Worksheet in Part V.  It will have the bank routing and account number you entered for direct deposit.Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You have to pull the LA instructions and forms from the LA state tax website and do them by hand, then mail them in. 
Be sure you are logged in to the account you used in 2013, before you upgrade an account that doesnt hold your tax return.
If you efiled the state return, you can double-check the efile status here to be sure it was accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspTo track a state refund, click your state in the following FAQ.  It will also tell you how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
1) nothing can happen until you mail your amended tax return.2) direct debit is not supported on amended returns. visit www.irs.gov to pay by phone or Direct Pay, or mail in  a check. 
https://www.irs.gov/RefundsAmended returns (which must be filed by mail) take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
Transcripts are issued by the IRS.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptIf you want a copy of your prior single returns, contact TT Support when they reopen on Monday
See the information below for various TurboTax payment options.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082If you dont have any of the payment options available, the best suggestion I have would be to ask a friend or relative to allow you to use their credit card with a US billing address, then reimburse that person for your fees. 
If you purchased Audit Defense it doesnt guarantee that the IRS wont audit you, just that Turbotax will defend you if they do.  No one at TurboTax can tell the IRS what to do.\n\nThe following is from TurboTaxs agreement for Audit Defense:  Upon\nreceipt of any communication from the IRS or State, promptly call TRI first at (888) 701-9695! Do not contact the IRS.\nTo ensure effective service regarding your audit, you must use your assigned\nTRI Audit Representative(s) as your only contact with the IRS or State. If you\ndo not contact TRI within 15 days of the date of the first notice, additional\ncharges may apply. If you wait too long you will impede our ability to defend\nyour case.\n\nThe\nfull text of the article is at http://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense.jsp including\ntheir telephone number and fax number.\n\n
Three weeks is not a long time nowadays. Keep on waiting. 
See this TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2895983-how-do-i-allocate-split-income-for-a-part-year-state-retur... 
Business expenses are tax deductible, however the expense must be for business, and you are not being reimbursed for travel by your employer. For example, if you spent $1,000 to go to a conference that lasts 2-days. ALL of your expenses are related to the conference, i.e, food, hotel, air, etc. went towards the conference, all is deductible. If however, you spent an extra night, then only 2/3 of the expenses are deductible. It is also a red flag for a possible audit. Hope this provides some help. 
If the IRS was paid then the notice is incorrect so simply reply and attach a copy of the bank/CC statement showing where the US Treasury was already paid. This situation is not unusual as those bills are sent out by a computer in a different department than the one receiving the payments so there was a disconnect. It is  easy to fix so respond accordingly. 
This is the Turbo Tax forum ....    Heres a  link to the Quicken forum:\nhttps://qlc.intuit.com/quicken
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3436891 
Try CTL + +. works in Chrome,AND TurboTax CD/Download. 
In your situation,  no news is good news applies.  When a taxpayer mails a tax return that indicates a payment due the IRS, and makes payment in a timely fashion, you wont hear from the IRS immediately.  The IRS will notify you by mail if they find any type error in your return.  So basically, your return has been accepted unless the IRS notifies you otherwise.Just confirm that your payment has gone through (cancelled check, credit card statement, etc.), and youre done for now. 
It doesnt say that the money is not taxable/reportable on your tax return, it only says that the payer doesnt have to report it to the IRS on a form like a W2 or 1099.You would enter that fellowship under credits and deductions - educational expenses. Click through all the questions not relevant until you get to the part to enter the fellowship/scholarship amount. It will then be added to line 7 of your 1040 and next to it will be written SCH <amount> 
You are taxed on your total income. If the amount withheld is not enough to pay the extra tax, then your refund goes down. 
Since you have the Desktop version, you can switch to Forms Mode (icon upper right of screen), a list of forms will show on the left.  Click on the 1040X form, it will show on the right.  Click the print button at the bottom of the form.
For the quickest way forward, respond as instructed in the letter from the State of NJ. 
This reimbursement is not listed as income for me, and therefore is not taxed.The reimbursement is income to you and should be taxed.  If when the job started it was reasonably expected to last more than 12 months, the reimbursements are fully taxable in the year(s) received. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Ahhhh..North Carolina...Even if your NC e-filing was full accepted......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, and some other states do too,  but NC doesnt).Thus, TurboTax cannot arrange that NC Debit payment for you along with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html 
If you paid TurboTAX for 2014, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact for assistance getting the 2014 version on your computer. 
If the office is used regularly and exclusively for business the business portion of home costs is based on square feet.  The ration is the square feet of your office divided by the total heated and cooled square feet of your home.  For example, a 120 square feet office in a 2000 square feet home would result in a deduction of 6% of home costs. 
For best results, follow the directions in the letter from the IRS.If it does not ask you to submit something, there is nothing to do.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You can import from Its Deductible into TurboTax but you cant export from TurboTax into Its Deductible. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
but i did use my study at home for some of the work The IRS has some pretty strict requirements for claiming a home office deduction https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Home-Office-Deductionand your statement sounds a bit too casual to be able to claim one.  But read the information above and work through the Home Office Expense interview to see if you can qualify.You need to file a Schedule C for your independent contractor work.  Your revenue will amount to the payments that youve actually received.  (I assume youll use the cash method of accounting.)  Any out of pocket costs incurred in this consulting work - even costs for work that you ended up not getting paid for - are legitimate deductions.Tom Young 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changesSee this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to e-fie your return after selecting to mail - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2403338-how-do-i-change-from-mail-to-e-file 
What should I do if I believe the payment was incorrectly removed?Mail us [IRS] a copy of the proof of payment to the address on the notice.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-CP60-Notice 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You have to have the childs SSN.  https://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/07/07_06_015.jsp?level=basic 
Only the IRS can tell you that.    If the IRS has reduced your refund, they should tell you the reason.    Eventually they questioned the EIC that you claimed and that will delay things.  Nobody but you can get information from the IRS about your account.    You can also contact the tax Advocate.https://www.irs.gov/Advocate 
There is nothing more to do.  Even though this money was required to be taxed on your 2015 tax return, it does not create after-tax basis in the 401(k).  The money will simply be taxed again when eventually distributed as would any regular distribution from the 401(k).  Double taxation is effectively the penalty for not receiving a timely corrective distribution. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You need to report all your income even if you don't get a 1099Misc. You use your own records.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Fill out Schedule C here The Business Tab - ContinueI'll choose what I work on Business Income and ExpensesThen.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateYou use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is automatically generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment.  You pay 15.3% SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf 
A home office deduction is just that - a deduction.  It reduces your income subject to tax, your tax liability for income taxes, and your tax liability for self-employment tax.  While its true that the portion allocated to depreciation may need to be added back as income when you sell the home, youre still ahead of the game because of the time value of money (you get the reduction in tax today but dont need to repay it until the future.)While its true that you need to claim all of your business expenses, a home office deduction is easy to avoid.  The criteria is regular and exclusive use.  My bet is that when considering doing such things as personal business, reviewing investments (investment expenses dont qualify for home office), surfing the internet, etc., almost no home office really meets the exclusive test.  Ive never heard of the IRS trying to allow a home office deduction when none was claimed. 
See this re amending those returns:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed
Next time you move - prepare the non-resident state return first. This is due to the way TurboTAX works. 
Amended returns must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process. You can check the status here:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1
TT refund dates are just estimates, Check the IRS website. 
Contact the state and ask them how  to proceed. 
If the bank is unable to match the account and your name, it will refuse the direct deposit and the IRS will issue a paper check and mail it to the address on your tax return. 
\n\nTurboTax does not\nhave copies of your W-2s, only the information you entered or had\nimported.  The TurboTax program has a W-2 Wage and Tax Statement (it gives\nall the information that was on your W-2 but it is not a W-2)\n\nYou can ask your\nemployer for another copy, or you can fill out Form 4506-T (Request for\nTranscript of Tax Return), check Line 8 Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098\nseries, or Form 5498 series transcript, and mail in the form. The IRS can\nprovide a transcript that includes data from these information returns.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf\n\nOr to order the\ntranscript online by mail:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Order-a-Transcript\n\n You can also get a\ncopy of your W-2s from the Social Security Administration, but there is a\ncharge of $38 per copy. Type copy of W-2 in the search box for\ninformation\nhttp://ssa-custhelp.ssa.gov/app/answers/detail/a_id/301 
Send the IRS copies of your receipt, as well as proof that the payment actually came out of your bank account or credit card. 
The 1099-LTC form is entered in the Wages and Income section:1. Federal Taxes2. Wages & Income, Jump to Full list3. Scroll down to Less Common Income4. Select Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C5. Select Long-term account distributions (Form 1099-LTC) 
Im not sure what TurboTax says, but just being in a union is not health insurance.  Your union might PROVIDE health insurance (which would count as health insurance), but the union itself does not count as health insurance. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You do not have to finish and file a 2015 TurboTax online return to pay for the upgrade.  You can pay for the current edition you are using.  You must have signed onto your online account either started or continued your 2015 return for the payment option to be available.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Solved by poster
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
If the IRS seizes all or part of your refund, they will send you a letter of explanation.  But it may take a bit of time for that letter to come. 
You don't list someone on a W-4 or W-2.  Someone claimed the daughters exemption, if it wasn't on your return, then possibly the other parent?  or it could have been a stranger that by coincidence has a dependent with the last name that's the same first 4 letters as your daughter's last name and they made a typo in the SSN they put in.(IRS cross matches the first 4 letters of the last name with the SSN)The end result is the same, a paper return will need to be filed, you wont be able to transmit the return electronically. 
It is a scam.Per the IRS:Issue Number:    IR-2016-62 April 13, 2016Inside This IssueIRS Warns of Continued Scams, Varied Tactics as the Tax Deadline NearsWASHINGTON  The Internal Revenue Service today issued a warning that scammers may try using the April 18 tax deadline to prey on hard-working taxpayers by impersonating the IRS and others with fake phone calls and emails. Even after the tax deadline passes, taxpayers should know the telltale signs of a scam and tips to protect themselves from a variety of phone scams and phishing emails.Weve seen continuing activity in these scams throughout the filing season, said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen. As the tax deadline nears, these criminals may try and trick honest taxpayers over the phone or via email, and people should remain vigilant. After the tax deadline, watch out for these scammers promising a refund or threatening you with an unexpected tax bill.These scam artists frequently masquerade as being from the IRS, a tax company and sometimes even a state revenue department. By email, they try enticing people to click on links on official-looking messages containing questions related to their tax refund. Report these emails to phishing@irs.gov. By phone, many scammers use threats to intimidate and bully people into paying a tax bill. They may even threaten to arrest, deport or revoke the drivers license of their victim if they dont get the money.Variations of these scams can be seen nationwide, and its more important than ever to be cautious with providing personal or financial information. As part of the effort to protect taxpayers, the IRS has teamed up with state revenue departments and the tax industry to make sure taxpayers understand the dangers to their personal and financial data as part of the Taxes. Security.Together campaign.  Some examples of the varied tactics seen this year are:Soliciting W-2 information from payroll and human resources professionals--IR-2016-34Verifying tax return information over the phone--IR-2016-40Pretending to be from the tax preparation industry--IR-2016-28There are some important reminders for taxpayers nationwide about these schemes:Watch Out for Threatening Phone CallsBeware of scammers making unsolicited calls claiming to be IRS officials. They demand that the victim pay a bogus tax bill. They con the victim into sending cash, usually through a prepaid debit card or wire transfer. They may also leave urgent callback requests through phone robo-calls, or via a phishing email.Scammers often alter caller ID numbers to make it look like the IRS or another agency is calling. The callers use IRS titles and fake badge numbers to appear legitimate. They may use the victims name, address and other personal information to make the call sound official.The IRS Will Never:Call to demand immediate payment over the phone, nor will the agency call about taxes owed without first having mailed you a bill.Threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law-enforcement groups to have you arrested for not paying.Demand that you pay taxes without giving you the opportunity to question or appeal the amount they say you owe.Require you to use a specific payment method for your taxes, such as a prepaid debit card.Ask for credit or debit card numbers over the phone.If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS and asking for money and you dont owe taxes, heres what you should do:Do not give out any information. Hang up immediately.Contact TIGTA to report the call. Use their IRS Impersonation Scam Reporting web page or call 800-366-4484.Report it to the Federal Trade Commission. Use the FTC Complaint Assistant on FTC.gov. Please add IRS Telephone Scam in the notes.If you think you might owe taxes, call the IRS directly at 1-800-829- 
This is a TT income tax software program user forum.Your question can best be answered by a local estate attorney. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5353141 
You should have received an Audit Defense membership kit after you purchased the option for your 2013 tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for Audit Defense - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kitFor questions or concerns about your Audit Defense membership, contact TaxAudit.com at intuit.taxaudit.com/intuit, by e-mailing intuit.audit.sales@taxaudit.com, or by calling toll-free (877) 829-9695. 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for all billing questions.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 
To add schedule C incomeGo to Business tab- then ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on Then..Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you haven't added a business yet you have to go though a lot of screens describing your business.  Or if you already added your business, you should see the Business Summary page that lists your businesses, (right below the list you can Add Another Business)Then click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last. Click Start or Update by Business IncomeThen Either by 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update buttonOr either by General Income for Business Income not reported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button 
After you have filed  you can print a copy, paper or pdf, that will have your filing instructions on a cover sheet and the information for direct deposit is on the 1040. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302351
\n\nWhat happens if you fail to meet the excess deferrals tax-filing deadline?You will have to not only report your excess deferral as income for the year you made the contribution, but also pay taxes on it in the year you finally withdraw it. In other words, youll get taxed twice on the same contribution.\n\n\n\n1. Figure out which retirement account you want to remove the excess salary deferral from. You can use IRS Publication 560, Retirement Plans for Small Business, to help you decide.2. Notify the plan administrator (the company or broker that handles your retirement account) that you have an excess salary deferral as soon as possible.3. Withdraw the funds no later than April 15, 2016 to avoid paying additional taxes on the excess deferral.4. Report the excess deferral on your 2015 return in the Income section for Retirement Plans and Social Security whether or not you received a Form 1099-R before you file your return. Enter as much information as you can. Report the excess deferral amount in boxes 1 and 2a, and use code P in box 7. Indicate that this is a 2016 Form 1099-R.5. In 2016, you will probably receive two Forms 1099-R. One reports the excess deferral amount. The other reports the earnings on the excess deferral. Enter both of these forms in your 2016 return, and well only add the earnings to your 2016 income.\n\n\n\nExample 1:Jessica is 25 years old and changed jobs in 2015 She contributed $10,000 to her 401(k) plan at her first job. She contributed $11,000 to her 401(k) plan at her second job. Because the maximum she can contribute in 2015 is $18,000, Jessica put too much money into her 401(k) accounts. She figured this by taking the difference between her total contributions ($21,000) and the maximum she can contribute ($18,000). This overpayment (called an excess salary deferral) must be withdrawn as soon as Jessica discovers it, and no later than April 15 to avoid additional taxes.Jessica notifies the plan administrator of her second job, and they issue her a refund of the overpayment plus earnings. She reports this on her 2015 return as if she received a Form 1099-R with the overpayment amount in boxes 1 and 2a and code P in box 7.On her 2016 return, Jessica enters the forms she received from the plan administrator. Only the earnings on the overpayment will be added to Jessicas 2016 income.Example 2:Assume same information as Example 1. But Jessica doesnt discover the overpayment until November 20, and she had already filed her 2015 return. She notifies the plan administrator immediately, and she withdraws the excess on December 5.Jessica must pay additional taxes on the overpayment because she didnt withdraw the funds by April 15. She amends her 2015 return to report the overpayment as if she received Form 1099-R (same as Example 1) and pays the additional taxes.On her 2016 return, Jessica enters the forms she received from the plan administrator. Only the earnings on the overpayment will be added to Jessicas 2016 income.Example 3:Robert is 52 years old and changed jobs in 2015 He contributed $15,000 to his 401(k) plan at his first job. He contributed $11,000 to his 401(k) plan at his second job. Because the maximum he can contribute in 2015 is $18,000, Robert put too much money into his 401(k) accounts. He figured this by taking the difference between his total contributions ($26,000) and the maximum he can contribute ($18,000). This difference must be withdrawn as soon as Robert discovers it, but no later than April 15 to avoid additional taxes.Robert notifies the plan administrator of his second job, and they tell him he had a loss on his account, and $500 of the loss applies to his overpayment. They issue him a refund of the overpayment minus the $500 loss. He reports the net amount he 
Efiling just gets your tax return into the IRS pipeline faster.  Only the IRS can tell you why they chose to mail you a check.  Perhaps your bank rejected the direct deposit. 
If  this is about a 2014 return and the error was an Efile PIN then all you can do now is mail in the return and the PIN is not needed. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
This is the Intuit TurboTax website for tax and TurboTax program questions.  Go to this Intuit Quicken website for assistance - https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken
First, $75 out of $249.60 is 30%.Second, you do not get all of your withholding back, just the excess (if any) over your state tax liability. 
You need to report the gross amount of your sales.That is what the sales tax is based on. Since you are not collecting the sales tax on your sales you can deduct the amount you paid as an expense on your schedule C.Your inventory value should be the cost of your product and the cost of goods sold is the cost x item count.
Theres a lot of info on the Amway site about this. However, almost all the Amway cases in the body of tax authority are about Amway IBOs who lost money and had their losses disallowed by the IRS.http://www.forbes.com/sites/peterjreilly/2014/04/28/tax-court-denies-amway-losses-again/#2d1dfd2b65f...I suggest you see a local tax professional to help you get started on setting up your business and books properly. 
If you prepared the return in Online TurboTax, and dont find any evidence of it at all in your 2015 Tax Timeline, report back and well tell you how to look for multiple accounts.  You may be in the wrong one.   [NOTE:  I went ahead and left you the info on troubleshooting that situation in the comment that follows this answer.]Otherwise, assuming you are in the correct account, heres how to view/print a return thats been filed.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but that will be a basic one.  Sometimes it will not have all the forms you are looking for.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
Please go back to personal income section; select  I will choose what I work on .... Then go down the list of income categories  ( as you did the first time ), select  IRA/401K , pension.... from the Retirement  group now you should see a blue box on the right hand side  allowing you to edit the entry that you have made  -- go through all the following screens till you come to one that says Where is the distribution from .. --- now select your type of pension. The problem here is that the programs default position ( at least on my  machine ) is  Military -- the first one. So if you dont change it , MI will  transfer as military pension.  Hope this fixes your issue.  If you need more help -- please add to this thread and one of us will walk you through. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
SCH 1568 means a taxable scholarship of $1,568. 
When you use Turbotax Online version, you can prepare only one return per account/payment. This Turbotax help topic tells you how to start another return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894512-how-do-i-start-a-second-return-in-turbotax-online 
[ ] 
Line 72  2015 CA Estimated Tax and Other Payments.   Enter the total of any:  California estimated tax payments you made using 2015 Form 540-ES,\nelectronic funds withdrawal, Web Pay, or credit card.  Overpayment from your 2014 California income tax return that you\napplied to your 2015 estimated tax.  Payment you sent with form FTB 3519, Payment for Automatic Extension\nfor Individuals.  California estimated tax payments made on your behalf by an estate,\ntrust, or S corporation on Schedule K-1 (541) or Schedule K-1 (100S)Did you enter any estimated tax payments for CA in the Federal section? 
am I responsible for my business partners personal vehicle that we use for workYou are asking a legal question, not an income tax one. Also check your Partnership agreement.
No, you cant download the ItsDeductible applet and its database from inside the TurboTax program.  You can, however, use the free ItsDeductible website to value and track your donations all year long.   You can enter them at the ItsDeductible website, then at tax time you can import them into TurboTax.Here is the ItsDeductible website:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/ 
Yes, thats one of the uses of the form.  It can be filed with a return, or by itself after an adverse action on your return. 
The IRS has a list of reputable preparers in any area.  You probably want to look for an Enrolled Agent.http://irs.treasury.gov/rpo/rpo.jsf 
Sorry -- for live contact to IRS, you have to call the IRS. Also you can get the current status of the processing at www.irs.gov/refundyou will need your SSN, filing status and exact amount of refund expected 
log on to the user account you used in 2014 to prepare your 2014 tax return. 
The processing of the return and issuing of the refund are the responsibility of IRS ONLY. TurboTax only helps you prepare and file the return for you.  Please visit www.irs.gov/refunds  for the latest information on the processing and/or issuance of the refund. If not satisfied with what you see there, you will have to call the IRS . 
assuming quite a few things about your status and that of your spouse, if you trying to file without ITIN for your spouse,  you can indeed paper-file and include the ITIN application along with the return. IRS will then issue the ITIN and essentially apply towards your currently filed return. They want to make sure that ITINs are given only to those who are going to use them to file returns. 
When you have family living together sharing expenses you dont have a taxable rental situation so what they pay or how much is immaterial. 
did IRS send you a letter asking you to provide a 1095-A, the form 8962 and a signed copy of the page #2 of your modified ( to reflect the changes caused by 1095-A entries) -- yes ?  Suggest you go back into your return, pretend you are doing an amended return, make the changes,  then print the modified/amended return,  sign & date page  and send the following by mail / fax to the address show on the top right hand of your letter;(a) page 2 of the form 1040(b) 1095-A (c) form 8962Do not send the 1050-X generated in this process 
Never filed a return last April 15, 2015 and need to do so.So you are actually asking how to file a 2014 Tax Return; i.e., tax year 2014?If so, a 2014 return cannot be prepared online with TurboTax.  You have to purchase and install 2014 software.  You can purchase it from TurboTax, or you may be able to find it at a discount at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.The 2014 return has to be printed and mailed.  It cannot be efiled.To purchase  2014 software as a download from TurboTax:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
No one in this forum can help you. You have to call TurboTax customer service. To call customer service, see the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Lisa 995 is correct. However, ItsDeductible only uses estimates, which are then updated when you transfer it into the tax program. Thus, youe 2013 ItsDeductible values are of limited use, such they will not be the same as what you claimed on your 2013 tax return. 
visit www.irs.gov for a list of tax preparers offering free e-Filing. 
See the instructions in the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4170678 
If you efiled, has it been accepted?  If you wait until it is accepted, it will include the electronic postmark document.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF there, which will be a pretty basic version.There is a larger PDF there under the link all forms and worksheets that includes the worksheets.   Does that PDF have everything you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
If youre adding a 2015 K-1, you have to amend your 2015 return.  You cant add it to your 2016 return. 
For any account-specific issues, you can phone TurboTax Support on Monday.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You will need to file your return by regular mail claiming your daughter.The IRS will figure out, who is allowed to claim her. They might contact you for supporting information that she lived with you more than halftone year, so you might want to get that ready (school records, doctors office etc.)The only one he is hurting is himself as he is committing fraud. 
See the FAQ below.   When you go to the 2015 Tax Timeline and scroll down to Some things you can do, you will see a link to view/print the PDF.  That should be the basic return forms.   The choice all forms and worksheets provides the most documents, including the calculation worksheets.  If you dont find the state return in one of those PDFs, report back, and well tell you another way to print.FAQ:  How do I print a copy of my online return after filing for my records?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
The accuracy guarantee process is explained herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901258-accuracy-guarantee-submission-claim-formBut it only covers actual CALCULATION errors in the program, not user error (and its almost always user error), and it only pays any penalties or interest resulting from that error, not the taxes.Virginia allows a limited deduction for certain business capital gains. Ordinary capital gains (from stocks, mutual funds residential real estate, etc) should not have been deducted. You mistakenly told TurboTax that you qualified for this deduction. Its a common mistake (https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3362609-the-commonwealth-of-virginia-department-of-taxation-sent-me-a-notice-stating-they-have-disallowed-the-long-term-capital-gain-subtraction-for-tax-year-2013) and TT should do a better job of explaining it but you probably dont qualify for the guarantee. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
we are working and living overseas.  Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. Foreign earned income you exclude from income is not included. 
I clearly entered my 1099R amount on line 16a on my 2014 1040 return.That suggests to me that you were using a desktop version of TurboTax in forms mode, entering numbers directly on Form 1040, instead of using the interview process to enter your 1099-R information.  If thats the case you have no coverage under TurboTaxs Accuracy Guarantee.   The Accurate Calculation Guarantee does not apply to tax forms completed\n in which the data is entered directly by you onto the form, rather than\n through the use of the in-product TurboTax interview guidance. I was unaware that I was to transfer that amount to line 16b, I thought Turbo Tax would know the amount...The amount of the line 16a entry that ends up on line 16b can range from 0% to 100% of the line 16a amount.  There is no way TurboTax can know the amount to be placed on line16b unless you enter the 1099-R using the interview and then work through the entire subsequent interview process which asks questions about how much of the line 16a amount is actually taxable and needs to be transferred to line 16a.  $0 can be a valid answer.I dont think you have a leg to stand on here with TurboTax, (IF Im correct in my assumption that you were working directly on Form 1040), but you can always try:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...The IRS can waive penalties under certain situations.  You might look at this:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Penalty-Relief-Due-to-First-Time-Pen...(The penalty relief applies to more than small businesses and self employed.)Tom Young 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Since nobody on this public forum can see your tax return (and do not post private information here), your best solution is to contact Turbotax support.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 
Please be patient. Manual processing means a human (not a computer) is processing it, and that takes 11-14 weeks. But it can take longer, especially if you live in a Community Property State. 
5071C asks a taxpayer to verify their ID.4883C requests additional information. 
The relative cannot claim you if your gross income (2015) is more than $4000. 
Use the recovery tool below to get your TT Online User ID and reset a password.   Use the tiny blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will ask for some info such as SSN and other parameters.  Then it should show you your account ID(s).  Then continue on to gain access.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery If you used TT Desktop then your returns exist only on your computer.I suggest you also get free transcripts from the IRS. (Identity thieves usually file for refunds, not owe taxes).https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
You must file an amended return (Form 1040X) to unclaim him.They will have to file their own return by mail. 
This is the USA forum. For Canada, go here:https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Turbotax has no access to your 2014 tax return prepared in Tax Act.You can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
Under the Federal Taxes tab (or Personal tab\n in Home and Business)Deductions &\n Credits.\n Ill choose what I work on.Deductions and Credits.\n Scroll down to topic Estimates and\n Other Taxes Paid.ESTIMATES, and click START or\n Update.\n The next screen is titled Estimates and\n Other Income Taxes. Scroll down to Payments with Extension.Choose\n the type of extension payment (State in your case) and click START (or Update). 
Follow the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ to get a Form 8962 as requested by the IRS - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
Box 1 on your W-2 reports the total wages received from a specific employer and the Box 1 amount is reported as wages on line 7 of your federal form 1040 return.  Box 16 is the amount of state wages received from your employer reported in box 1.  If you worked the total year in the same state, the amount of wages in box 16 is normally the same as the wages in box 1.  If you worked in multiple states during the year, your should have wages reported for each state on separate box 16 entries of your W-2.  If you are using Turbo Tax software, when your enter the data for each W-2 box, the tax preparation software will report the correct amount on your federal and state tax returns. 
Yes. Only the person who claims the students exemption\n(dependency) can claim the tuition credit or deduction. That is usually the\nparent. \n\nThe ability of a high school student or his parents to claim the credit\nor deduction is limited.  If these courses are provided by an\neligible college, this cost qualifies for the Lifetime Learning Credit (LLC).\nThe school must have policy of granting college credit for that course, already\ntaken, if the student ever enrolls there. In other words, it is a requirement\nthat the course be a college credit course, even if the student isnt currently\na college student. Its not that  the student is post secondary, its\nthat the course is post secondary. Books are not  a qualifying expense, unless included in the\ncourse fee.\n\nAlternatively, due to a 2011 change, such\ncourses now qualify for the Tuition & Fees deduction, instead of the LLC,\nbut only if tuition is paid to the college and not the high school. (http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/15/education/edlife/now-deduct-this.html?_r=0 ).The half time status is not relevant, because high school students are not usually eligible for the more generous American Opportunity Credit (AOC). So, your future tax returns, when she is a regular college student,  will not be affected. Only the AOC has a 4 time limit of being claimed. 
Forms with a 2016 date should be filed on a 2016 tax return. 
You both must have Earned Income. Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. Foreign earned income you exclude from income is not included. 
Previously answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3356520-my-return-status-has-been-the-same-for-a-month-and-a-half-...
Not everything counts at 100% (such as Medical). In addition, itemized deductions phaseout at high income levels, or if you are subject to AMT. 
After you printed, singed/dated and mailed your amended tax return, Form 1040X, you should wait about 3 weeks before the status is available on the IRS website for amended returns.  Go to this IRS website for the status - https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If the PDF of your 2014 tax return is watermarked, you will need to contact customer support.Basically, the web site generated the first PDF when your file was incomplete or not accepted yet, and never re-built the PDF after the return was finished and accepted.  Because Turbotax online only prepares the current year, the only way to build a new clean PDF is to download the tax data file to your computer, plus install Turbotax for 2014 on your computer.  Then open the file, confirm it was accepted, and make the new PDF.  Customer support can assist with this, Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
If your bank account is closed the IRS will issue a paper check to your address of record.If you think it has been issued and not received https://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1
TT cannot speed up the IRS, so try the Tax Advocate:https://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
If you purchased a download of the desktop software from TurboTax you have up to three years from the date of purchase to download the software at any time for any reason as often as you need by signing onto your download account - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download 
You didnt add a state return or upgrade or anything after filing?This is mainly a user community forum.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday to inquire about any specific fee issues.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The 50% you are referring to is for bonus depreciation not Section 179.There is a $25,000 Section 179 limit for heavy vehicles rated between 6,000 and 14,000 pounds gross vehicle weight.While you did not provide specifics, TT is probably arriving at the 100% deduction between bonus depreciation and Section 179. 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfYou may wish to see a local tax professional. 
A 2013 return cannot be prepared online.  You would need to purchase 2013 desktop software (unless you already paid for a 2013 product, in which case you can speak to TT Customer Support about the software.)Did you use TT to file your 2013 Federal return?  If so, there may be a *.tax data file of your return in your account. If you cant get the *.tax2013 data file, then you will need to re-create your Federal return exactly as filed, so that it can populate the State return correctly.You should first see if you can download the *.tax2013 data file so that you wont have to recreate your Federal return.Heres where one can purchase the 2013 desktop product as a download from TurboTax, although it can be bought at a discount from reputable dealers like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspIf you need to talk to TT Customer Support, heres how to be assigned a phone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed).  Read all the steps first.1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/2) Choose the product platform you are using.3)  Ask a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.4) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific time M-F. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901258-accuracy-guarantee-submission-claim-form 
TT refund dates are just estimates.  Premium fees do not make the IRS process any faster. 
After upgrading, you have to pay.  Before paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked returns.Then to pay:\nOpen your 2015 online return, then click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then PRINT CENTER.\nChoose Print/save/preview this years return (yes, you say this years).\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n 
visit www.irs.gov for a list of tax prep software outfits that offer free e-File. certain income limits may apply. 
If you paid for a 2015 online product in another account, then youll need to phone TurboTax Support on Monday and tell them about your purchase and ask them to unlock your prior returns.To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Go back to the Personal Info tab. On the Personal Info Summary screen click the Edit button to the right of your name. On the screen that shows your name, birth date, etc. click Continue. The next screen has some check boxes and asks you if any of them apply to you. One of the boxes says someone else can claim you on their tax return. Put a check in that box. Then select the button that says someone will claim you. Click Continue until you get back to the Personal Info Summary. 
You tax is due April 18th regardless of issues with e-File, requests for extension of time to file, problems with TUrboTAX etc. etc.visit www.irs.gov to pay by phone, or through Direct Pay., or mail a check payable to US Treasury, be sure to write for 2015 tax and your SSN on the check. 
To start amending a federal tax return you will need Form 1040X.  If you follow the procedures in the TurboTax support FAQ for amending a 2014 return where the return was completed either with the online editions or the desktop editions, the program will lead you through the amendment process.See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 
Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax TimelineScroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, which is a pretty basic version, and for some users may be incomplete.If the regular PDF doesnt have everything you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there, which includes additional documents and calculation worksheets.   Does that PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you bought a cd/download version from Turbotax you can contact them by phonehttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/   The phone contact will only be live when they are open. M-F  8-5 Pacific time at this time of year. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT Desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer. 
Yes, GA is your resident state and they have a global reach on any income you earn as part of your residency there.  You would need to file nonresident returns for both SC and CO and delcare the income on each that you earned in their state and pay the nonresident tax rate, minus any state taxes withheld.Then you file your GA resident return and report all the out-of-state earnings on it as well as any other income (interest, dividends, etc..).   GA will let you reduce your tax obligation to them by giving you a reduction/credit for wages made in other states and taxes paid to them to avoid double taxation. 
\n\nIf you purchased Audit Defense,\nthe following is from TurboTaxs agreement for Audit Defense:  Upon\nreceipt of any communication from the IRS or State, promptly call TRI first at (888) 701-9695! Do not contact the IRS.\nTo ensure effective service regarding your audit, you must use your assigned\nTRI Audit Representative(s) as your only contact with the IRS or State. If you\ndo not contact TRI within 15 days of the date of the first notice, additional\ncharges may apply. If you wait too long you will impede our ability to defend\nyour case.\n\nThe\nfull text of the article is at http://turbotax.intuit.com/corp/auditdefense.jsp including\ntheir telephone number and fax number.\n\n 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT Desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer. 
First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense and you received an IRS notice, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your audit notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/. Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you. 
for tax purposes it really does not matter whether the rented out unit is a room in your house or a standalone house. However, there are other incidental issues -- (a) for depreciation & for capital gain computation when you dispose off the property , you would need to assign a value  ( your acquisition cost  + cost of any improvements); (b) non-depreciable portion of the cost -- land cost;  (c) allocated or actual cost of utilities if you are providing these  facilities to the renter; (d) how  and whether you need to allocate property taxes and  mortgage interest  to the rental unit and finally (e)  a fair market rent for the  rental property. A  lot of these items become very simple to allocate to the rental unit, if it a self standing unit not connected to your residence but beyond that  there are no  fundamental differences -- a rental property is a rental property.What is it you are trying to achieve -- perhaps I am not following your train of thought ? 
That is not easy to do in TT Online, which is only good for one return per account.  You have to set up a second account, recreate the Federal return, then add California as a State, then fool your  W-2 and other forms into thinking they are from CA, not GA.It might be easier to do it by hand. 
See the recommended answer from Turbotax herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3319861-i-need-to-print-my-2015-fed-return-for-my-records-as-well-...  It will open up your account to add/change your information and go through the file process. 
Heres how to open your unfiled return back up if TurboTax thinks you were finished.  Once open, you can change the filing method, if desired.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, since it has not yet been filed, you can make whatever changes you need to.\nThen go to the FILE tab to change the filing method.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
You didnt see this screen? 
https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken 
Well, you certainly can file your income tax return without including the 1099-B since it doesnt affect your income.  Theres no problem there since your taxable income is reported correctly.  As long as your income (and tax) are properly reported the IRS cant really asses any fines or penalties.  But Id opt to pay the upcharge and report the 1099-B.The IRS gets copies of all 1099-Bs and attempts to match these with the income tax returns submitted.  Your 1099-B undoubtedly shows a basis for the sale of $0 so theres a good chance at some point youll receive a form letter from them stating that theyve adjusted your taxable income upward for the full amount of the reported proceeds, along with a bill for the taxes against the income you left off your income tax return.  With enough back and forth between you and the IRS youll be able to convince them that you dont owe this amount.Is the savings resulting from not reporting the 1099-B worth the potential hassle down the road?  Thats a judgement call.Tom Young 
For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password
State taxes withheld are an itemized Federal deduction on Schedule A,  so a change as you described can also impact your Federal return. 
This is the USA forum, not Canada.
Please read this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3181225-confirmation-code-expired 
When you are married and each spouse has a W2 you have to assign the W2 to the right person.  And if you got them assigned to the wrong person then next year they will transfer over wrong and will be wrong again.  So you will need to delete them next year and re-enter them as new so it doesnt happen again.You can  check your entries,  To check your W2 just type w2 (small W) in the search box at the top of your return and click on Jump To the W2 OR go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Wages & Income (or Personal Income)Choose Jump to Full List -or  Ill choose what I work on Then Wages and Salaries- Click the Start or Update buttonThen click  Edit by the W2 to double check it. I should have a screen shot showing where to check 
No, there is nothing wrong with Turbotax. Your LT cap gains are not being taxed at 25.5%, they are being taxed at your LT cap gains rate. However, your LT cap gains reduce your AMT exclusion and cause more of your other income to be taxed at the AMT rate. That is  clever way that congress found to increase your tax while still claiming that they did not increase your LT cap gains rate for AMT. You can see the details of the AMT calculation by switching to the Forms mode, then find and click on Form 6251 in the list of forms on the left side of your screen. The Turbotax calculation is absolutely correct. 
If the IRS Wheres My Refund website at http://www.irs.gov/Refunds finds your return, then it sounds like you efiled OK.  You can doublecheck the efile status with this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThere is a delay in processing your tax return and your expected refund date may have changed.If thats what you see when you go to the IRS Wheres My Refund tool, then you should phone them to see if you can learn any additional information about what is causing the delay and if additional documentation is required.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you are unable to get good info when phoning the IRS, you might wish to consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service to see if they can assist you.   At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html
Not much. TurboTAX does not compensate you for adjustments made to your return by the state revenue division, or by the IRS. 
Once you file your tax return as Married Filing Jointly you cannot amend your tax return to Married Filing Separately after the due date of the tax return.You can file an Injured Spouse Claim using IRS Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfIRS Instructions for Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdfAre You an\nInjured Spouse?\nYou may be an injured spouse if you file a\njoint tax return and all or part of your portion\nof the overpayment was, or is expected to\nbe, applied (offset) to your spouses legally\nenforceable past-due federal tax, state\nincome tax, state unemployment\ncompensation debts, child or spousal\nsupport, or a federal nontax debt, such as a\nstudent loan. 
You can file a paper return via US Mail.
Since you were not legally married on 12/31/2015 then filing your 2015 tax return as Single was correct.  There is no need to contact the IRS concerning your marriage in 2016.  For your 2016 return if you are legally married on 12/31/2016 then you would file as either Married Filing Jointly or Married Filing Separately.
Heres how to open your return back up to finish/file the state return.\nLog into your online account and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add another one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open you can go to the State Taxes tab to finish the state return, or to the FILE tab to file it.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.\n 
You wrote:  Please refund the amount i paid for filing my state tax.Did you actually file the state return, or did you mean for preparing the return?This is mainly a user community forum.  For any account-specific fee issue you would need to phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund, there is an additional 34.99 service fee (for the paid editions, it is 39.99 in California, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)If you want to remove that option, you can do so prior to filing and \nthen pay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or \nprepaid debit card.   Heres how, depending on your location:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceCalifornia filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee 
You have to select this option to have a current year tax refund applied to next years taxes in the Other Tax Situations of the program.  Make sure that the option has not been entered -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nUnder Additional Tax Payments\nOn Apply Refund to Next Year, click on the start or update button.  Verify that there has been no amount entered.\nTo verify that the 2014 tax refund has been applied to the 2015 return -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start of update button\nOn 2014 refund applied to 2015 federal taxes, click the start or update button 
Since you are a resident of a foreign country and your tax home is in a foreign country you do not file a state income tax return if you do not receive any type of income from a US state.  In the Personal Info section of the program where it asks for a resident state, in the dropdown for state scroll down to the bottom and select Foreign or US Possession.
You are a US citizen and all income, world wide, is subject to US income tax. You may get a credit for income tax paid to another country, up to a certain limits.
Yes the Freedom Edition is available at this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/If you have a TurboTax online account you will need to create a new account using the Freedom edition.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to switch from TurboTax online to the Freedom Edition - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition
your set of w-2s will include a city copy if city taxes were withheld; send it in. 
When you e-file a tax return using either the prior year AGI or the PIN, that is your electronic signature.  There will be no signature or date entered on the Form 1040 included in the PDF since the return was electronically sent to the IRS. 
Only TT support can address your issue as this is a public internet forum and we have no access to your records or the power to do anything about it.... challenge the charge with your CC company. When entering your problem on the website, use the\nkeywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4234478 
You must have either started or continued your online tax return for the options at the top of the online program screen to be available.After you have signed onto the online editions of TurboTax you will land on one of two screens.One screen will be your 2015 Timeline and have a large orange button labeled Take me to my return.  Clicking on that button will return you to your 2015 online return.The other screen will be the Welcome Home screen.  When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return.To report an injured spouse claim using Form 8379 -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\nOn Miscellaneous tax forms, click the start or update button\nOn the next screen, on Report an injured or innocent spouse claim, click the start or update button 
Were they prepared in Online TurboTax?  Any returns prepared in the desktop version (CD/download) will not be in an Online account, but would be saved locally on your computer.When you log in, click on TAXES at the top and go to your Tax Timeline.  For a prior year you may also have to choose Load my timeline.If you used Online TurboTax in prior years, and cant find the returns in the Tax Timelines for those years, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
TurboTax will send\nemails to customers when certain types of account activity is detected\n(example: changed filing status, new dependents, multiple accounts.). \nThis is a security measure to protect your personal information. Review the\ninformation in the answer below.  If you still have concerns the answer\nprovides a link to contact support for more assistance.\n\nTurboTax is committed\nto protecting your personal information. If we detect that certain types of\nyour information are being used in more than one account, well notify you to\nmake sure that you recognize the activity.\n\nWe recommend using the\nsame account each year so your information can be automatically transferred to\nyour new return, saving you the time and hassle of data entry.\n\nHere are some of the\nreasons you may have received this email:\n\n        \nYou have used TurboTax\nin the past and are using a different account this year. This can include\nmoving from our Desktop product to our Online product.\n\n        \nYou changed your\nfiling status from last year, and for that reason, are filing with a different\nTurboTax account this year.\n\n        \nYou have created\nmultiple TurboTax accounts this year, or in prior years.\n\n        \nYou file as Married\nFiling Separate, with you and your spouse having different TurboTax accounts.\n\n        \nYou have filed for\ndependents, or another family member, in the past and the email is referring to\ntheir personal information.\n\nIf you have not taken\nany of the actions noted above, it may indicate that someone is trying to use\nyour information to file a tax return. Please Contact Us and one of our agents\ncan assist you.\n\nLearn more about how TurboTax\nsafeguards your data.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy cant I find my\nreturn in the Tax Timeline?\n\n        \nForgot your TurboTax\nOnline User ID or password?\n\n        \nHelp Me Recover My\nTurboTax Account 
Save a copy of your return with all the worksheets included and view the filing instructions page for the complete direct deposit information.You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5451488
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
When you log in, are you unable to find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a new one?  If so, then you likely have multiple accounts without realizing it.  Perhaps thats why you thought you had to reset your password.In any case, if thats what you are experiencing, then to get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one.NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
you learned the hard way that Federal and State returns are processed separately. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2877281-did-turbo-tax-e-file-my-indiana-tax-paymentIt looks like Indiana does not allow you to pay through Turbotax and asks that you use their website or send a check. 
https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc452.html 
Did you have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund?  If you did, your refund first goes to the bank that handles the transaction, they deduct the TurboTax fees, then deposit your remaining refund into your bank account.  It can take an additional one or two days to process.You can check your refund status on the banks website at, look under Refund Informationhttp://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-usContact information24-Hour Automated Support   1-800-717-7228Live Taxpayer Support            1-877-908-7228 
After 3 weeks from mailing, you can use the tool below to check the status of an amended return.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1For future reference, when mailing the IRS, its a good idea to use certified return receipt, or 2-day mail, etc.  Something that has a postal tracking option to save you any uncertainty/anxiety, as well as serve as proof of mailing/delivery. 
https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
When will my tax payment go through?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299924 
\nFill out an IRS form 4506.  It can be filled out on line if you google IRS Form 4506\n\n 
Are you asking how to transfer last years *.tax2014 data file prepared in the desktop version into a 2015 online return?Or are you asking how to move a 2015 desktop data file to continue it in the 2015 online version? (which cant be done)   A 2015 online data file can be downloaded to continue in a 2015 desktop product, but not vice versa.
It sounds like your browser is automatically logging you in.  Start by clearing your browser cache and cookies.  If that doesnt help, go into preferences, locate your saved/stored passwords, and remove the password for Intuit.  Each time that you log in, you will need to type in the password, and then answer never or not now for save the password for this web site?Browsers that auto save passwords can be convenient but can sometimes cause issues like this.
Print the return to see if the form is included or not:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
You probably need to call customer support.  Depending on how your account is set up, you may need to fax in proof of identity (like a drivers license) to prove who you are--so that Turbotax employees dont get tricked by criminals into resetting customers accounts. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Im assuming that you have a job as an employee with taxes withheld from your employee paycheck.If thats the case and more or less you expect 2016 to look a lot like 2015 except for this $3,400 independent contractor income, then more likely than not you dont have to pay estimated taxes to the feds and the state.  So the answer to your question Or is it ok to not pay the full amount that would have been taken out if it were a regular job and get a smaller refund? is most likely YES.\n\nIts perfectly OK to owe the government a lot of money when your tax return is due. What you really want to do is to avoid being underpaid, (a piece of jargon that has a specific tax meaning), and incurring penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of        a)90% of the tax for the current year, or         b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last years return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then change that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you have a job and can make your withholdings paid in 2016 amount to 100%/110% of last years tax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You might still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you wont be assessed penalties.  (Tax liability doesnt mean the check you write to the IRS when you send in your income tax return.  For most people their tax liability is the amount shown on line 63 of Form 1040.)If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck then estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, September 15 and January 15th of next year). If you want to you can go back to the TurboTax program and work through the Form W-4 and estimated taxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In this interview youll enter all your best estimates for your 2016 income, deductions, exemptions, withholding, etc., etc. to see if you in fact need to send in estimated taxes.  This portion of the TurboTax interview also prepares the Form 1040ESs, if needed.Tom Young 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
As Opus notes, you cant depreciate land.  However, if you did, the basis of the land and building would be original cost minus depreciation to date.  If you assigned $0 to the land incorrectly, then you would use $0 for the land when sold and any remaining undepreciated cost would be assigned to the building.  The result is you may have claimed more depreciation than you should have, which will be offset in part by more depreciation recapture when sold. 
you cant expect your refund in 21 days, since only 90% of refunds might be paid in 21 days. 
This is a user to user forum.  Nobody here can see your 2015 or 2014 income tax return so all answers can only be guesses about what might have changed.  Unless you want to publish your 2014 and 2015 income tax returns - not generally a good idea - then you are the only person that can answer your own question.The general advice is to print out both the 2014 and 2015 income tax returns and start comparing the two, line-by-line.  You might find some obvious user error, (e.g., keyed in a wrong amount for withholding), or you might find a change between the years that explains the difference to your satisfaction, or you might find a change that you dont understand.  In the latter case, when you have some tangible question to ask, come back and ask that question.Tom Young
Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS request for a Form 8962 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If you mean that you simply transferred your mutual funds, securities, and/or cash from one firm to another (e.g., from TDAmeritrade to E*Trade) via something like ACATS, then you have nothing to report. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Only the IRS could tell you whether there is a problem or not. They would send you a letter requesting more information if they need it. It doesnt seem unusual this year for tax refunds to be delayed beyond the 21 day IRS target time.You can try contacting the IRS at 800 829-1040.
We would need a lot more information to answer your question such as age of children, whether you itemize deductions or take standard deduction, etc. It would be best if you just use a calculator and enter the information thats needed.You can use this IRS calculator to help you: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/Or you can use TurboTax. Open your return and type W-4 in the search box and click on the appropriate phrase in the drop down box and click on jump to. 
If you used your same account to file 2 returns, then the second return overwrote the first one, the first one will no longer be available to access or print.Each return using TurboTax Online needs its own UserID/Account.You will need to request a copy of the 2015 return from IRS, it will not longer be available in TurboTax.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
This is not official customer support.  Start by logging into your account and checking your status to see if you are accepted.  Or, use this link https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If your returns were never transmitted (the transmit step is one step after payment), or were transmitted but rejected, you can re-transmit them now.  If they were transmitted and accepted, you can download or print all forms and worksheets which should have an electronic postmark proof of acceptance.If you need more help, contact customer support.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The conversion needs to be done manually.  Nothing in the program can convert it. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
The amended return is processed separately from your original return.  You will receive your original refund.  You pay the difference that shows on the amended return. The program calculates what you had on your original return and the information entered on the amended return and will show an additional refund owed or a tax owed.Amended returns must be mailed.  Mail in the amended return with your payment and any forms or schedules that changed due to the amendment (ex W-2).  Make sure you sign the amended return. 
https://www.irs.gov/Payments   Federal tax paymentsYour particular states website, should also have payment instructions available there as well.
I dont know what you mean by you give the building for free.You dont usually value the building.  Basis, adjusted basis and depreciation are almost always based on cost, not  value.  If the building has been depreciated to $0, then the cost at the time of sale is $0 and all of the sales price is taxed as gain.As Lisa has noted twice, Again, please keep all related questions to one single thread.  It makes them easier to answer and to follow the discussion. 
Ok then they will need to do a Business return or have an accountant do it the first year to get you started.  You should see an accountant to get the business records set up right.  Did it start in 2015 or this year 2016?   You should not do your personal tax return until after the business return is done.  You will need info from the Business return to enter into your personal return. 
To check whether you used refund processing, and what bank account or card number you used, and if you typed it correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page.If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\nIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 
For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 
On a federal tax return there is not a Senior Credit.  If you are age 65 or older there is an additional amount added to the standard deduction based upon your filing status.Standard deductions for 2015 Single - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or olderMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or olderMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or olderHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older 
First check that your federal tax return was e-filed and accepted by the IRS using this TurboTax support website - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf the return has been accepted by the IRS, then you will need to speak with an IRS agent for the status of your refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You dont.The money should have been recorded on the corporate\n return as either a loan from shareholder, or as a capital \ncontribution.  Either way gave you basis in the corporation.  When you\n closed the corporation in 2013, you should have received the tax \nbenefit from any basis that you had in the corporation.  In other \nwords, you have already received a deduction.If it was not done that way on the corporate return, then your 2013 corporate and personal return should probably be amended. 
Its not possible to answer your question without more details. You wouldnt file a tax return with no income. He cant file as head of household unless he is the father of at least one of the children. You should use the TurboTax taxcaster tool to estimate what your taxes would be if you were married and filed married filing jointly or if each of you filed a single or one filed single and the other filed head of household tax returns. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/ 
Yes, ask your bank.  (Be prepared for the possibility that they dont actually know.  The loan processor (barely trained idiot who takes your application) may give a completely different answer from the underwriter (expert who reviews your file at the last minute so you have to rush around fixing the loan processors mistakes)). 
If you did not receive an exemption for not having health care coverage in 2015 from healthcare.gov then you will have a tax penalty entered on your federal tax return.Go to the healthcare.gov website for exemption requirements - https://www.healthcare.gov/health-coverage-exemptions/forms-how-to-apply/See this IRS website for Individual Shared Responsibility - https://www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-Families/Individual-Shared-Responsibility-Pr... 
See the following from the IRS regarding identity theft:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/How-IRS-ID-Theft-Victim-Assistance-works------------------------------------------------andhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Instructions-for-Requesting-Copy-of-Fraudulent-Returns
The more allowances you put, the less taxes are taken out of your paychecks and with 2 people working could cause you to owe when it is time to file.  TurboTax has a W-4 calculator that will help you decide what to put on your W-4.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/-----------------------------------------------------------How do I change my future paycheck withholdings?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301783
A gift has nothing to do with the basis of your property which you sold. 
Keep the receipts.
Wisconsin has a reciprocal agreement with Illinois so that employees of a Illinois business that live in WI can have Wisconsin state taxes withheld. You would have only needed to file in your home state if that was done. To get the money back from Illinois you need that non resident return with NO Illinois income.https://www.revenue.wi.gov/faqs/pcs/work.html 
The Missouri Department of Revenue has announced delays for processing tax return refunds.  No specific timeline was given. 
Use System Restore to restore your system to a point prior to that update. Then turn off automatic updates in the TurboTAX options. Dont apply any more updates to your TurboTAX program.
The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts.Its possible that CO has been slowing in updating as a result. 
The following items are some of the settlement fees or closing costs you can include in the basis of your property.\n\nAbstract fees (abstract of title fees);\n\nCharges for installing utility services;\n\nLegal fees (including title search and preparation of the sales contract and deed);\n\nRecording fees;\n\nSurveys;\n\nTransfer taxes;\n\nOwners title insurance; and\n\nAny amounts the seller owes that you agree to pay, such as back taxes or interest, recording or mortgage fees, charges for improvements or repairs, and sales commissions.\n\nSettlement costs do not include amounts placed in escrow for the future payment of items such as taxes and insurance.The following items are some settlement fees and closing costs you cannot include in the basis of the property.   1. Casualty insurance premiums.   2. Rent for occupancy of the property before closing.   3. Charges for utilities or other services related to occupancy of the property before closing.    4.Charges connected with getting a loan. The following are examples of these charges.        Points (discount points, loan origination fees).        Mortgage insurance premiums.        Loan assumption fees.        Cost of a credit report.        Fees for an appraisal required by a lender.    5.Fees for refinancing a mortgage.If these costs relate to business property, items (1) through (3) are deductible as business expenses. Items (4) and (5) must be capitalized as costs of getting a loan and can be deducted over the period of the loan.   Also, do not include amounts placed in escrow for the future payment of items such as taxes and insurance.http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/pubs/p551-000.htm#TXMP2be9b4cfAt the property asset summary screen for your property; click add an asset.answer questions as asked.Screen Describe this property selectContinueScreen Tell Us a Little More select Other type asset bottom of screenContinueInput your dataContinueScreen Type Z Other asset click arrow for drop down L-Amortizable IntangibleContinue follow prompts closely. 
It is not unusual for an accepted tax return to be still in processing status after 21 days from being accepted.  The 21 days as stated by the IRS is a target, not a guarantee you will receive your tax refund within that time-frame.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
It is a new fraud prevention system put in place this year by the IRS to flag possible ID theft.   It does not mean that they suspect you, but it might be another tax return filed using your information and they are verifying who the real you is.  Unfortunately those flagged returns must be reviewed by a human and manually checked which takes time since the IRS is under staffed. 
You just list Bercy LLC with the EIN assigned to that name.  There is no need to list the name of DBAs on the tax return.  (Hopefully, there is only one EIN.) 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Escrow says to declare it as a giftThats the one thing that its not.\nIf this was a sale then it is taxable income and reported as a sale of property.\nIf this is part of a divorce property settlement in your divorce decree or separation agreement that mandated its sale, then its not taxable and not reported.\n\n 
Once your tax return is accepted by the IRS then only an IRS agent can discuss your tax refund with you and why there is a delay in receiving your tax refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
You dont input her Form 1099-MISC.  If the amount is in Block 7 (or even in Block 3) she has to file her own return.For the Form 1098-T, Education credits are under the deduction\nand credits tab in the area called Education.\n\n 
Your tax return is the form you send to the government that shows your income and calculates your tax. The money the government sends back to you is your refund.If you already mailed your return without a copy of your W-2, there is nothing you can do about it now. You just have to wait to see what the IRS does. They might just pay your refund, or they might send you a letter asking for a copy of your W-2. If you get a letter, follow the instructions in the letter to send your W-2. In either case, your refund will probably be delayed.You didnt say what the problem is with your New York return. Since you did not e-file your federal return, you cannot e-file your New York return. You have to file it by mail. Its okay to do that in this situation. If you have another problem with your New York return, post a new separate question about the New York return and give the details of the problem you are having. 
To resubmit a REJECTED tax return, start the FILE process again from the beginning. In this case you will want to select File State return only. 
For best results, submit a valid ( correct and complete ) state tax return.To correct or add information on last years tax return, file an amended return. 
If you save/print a copy of the return with all worksheets, the Tax Payments Worksheet will show all your payments that have been recorded on the tax return.And yes, you would see the estimated payments total on page 2 of the 1040, Line 65.  or page 2 of the 1040A, Line 41 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The number of posts you have made on this issue and the size of the property seriously suggests you need to approach a local tax professional for advice.now for what amount I need to sell  the building for ?Why would you sell the building for anything less than the maximum price you can sell it for? 
You are mixing apples & oranges as my teach once said ... The recapture rule you are quoting is for taking the 179 deduction or special depreciation not for the recapture of the ordinary depreciation taken thru straight line methods. You do have to recapture all depreciation taken that was allowed or allowable on the prior year returns and the program will complete that calculation for you automatically. 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
https://www.irs.gov/Advocate 
File one 1040X to correct all missing or incorrect information on your return.Use the Explanation section to make sure the IRS understands what you are changing.You cant pencil in new information.File a properly prepared complete Form 1040X. When you send it, Form 1040X becomes your new tax return. Include a copy of the letter the IRS sent you asking for corrections. 
I suggest you get a Wage and Income Transcript from the IRS as described below, and compare it to the printed return you have.  https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-Them 
He cannot take, but YOU can.
The minimum and maximum amounts you can contribute to the Dependent Care FSA are set by your employer, although the maximum allowed by the IRS is $5,000 a year for individuals or married couples filing jointly, or $2,500 for a married person filing separately. Please note: married couples have a combined $5,000 limit, even if each has access to a separate FSA through his or her employer.But why are you filing separately? 
call the Identity Verification department telephone number provided in your letter and tell the IRS you need to verify for 2014 also. 
You do a part year resident return for CA and no return for Washington (as there is none.)  See https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/Which_Form_Should_I_File.shtml 
To do it using the online product, you would need to create 3 accounts. One account for a married filing jointly return and one account each for the two married filing separately returns. You could buy and download the CD/download product and complete a married filing jointly tax return and then use the what if tool to see what the result would be with married filing separately returns. 
Heres how to get around the automated system at the IRS to reach a live agent:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 
This is a close call. l suggest you claim her, file by mail, and let the IRS sort out. 
You child must be enrolled and attending the accredited institution, at least half time. Are you sure you answered all the questions correctly?If you are getting the max credit allowed, OK, otherwise it may be wiser to wait for a later year of full tuition expense.
You need to put your information in for the state you need to file with.  To do this you need to select CA as the state, if you do not have it you may need to purchase it. 
Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/International-Taxpayers/Foreign-Earned-Income-Exclusionhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf 
Yes the Standard Deduction might have been more than your itemized deductions.  And Medical deductions are limited.  You can only deduct the amount over 10% of your AGI.Check your 2014 1040 line 40 and see what amount you have.   For 2014 the standard deduction amounts were: Single 6,200 + 1,550 for 65 and over HOH 9,100 + 1,550 for 65 and over Joint 12,400 + 1,200 for each 65 and over  Married filing Separate 6,200 + 1,200 for 65 and over  For 2015 the standard deduction amounts are:Single 6,300 + 1,550 for 65 and overHOH 9,250 + 1,550 for 65 and overJoint 12,600 + 1,250 for each 65 and overMarried filing Separate 6,300 + 1,250 for 65 and over 
Did you use the Online version?  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
TurboTAX does not compensate you for changes made by the IRS to your tax return 
For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password
non-traditional IRA contrabution      lost my $6500 deduction.Do you mean Roth?  Roths are not deductible, but may qualify you for the Retirement Savings Credit. 
I see you are asking from TT Home and BusinessGenerally, you will still be subject to self-employment tax (Social Security and Medicare taxes) even if you can exclude all of your earned income for income tax purposes.  However, if there is a social security (totalization) agreement between the U.S. and the country in which you work, and you are covered by social security there on your self-employment income, you might be exempt from U.S. self-employment tax.  Click here for social security agreements. 
you cant delete an account but you can ask Intuit to disable it.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
After you choose how you want the refund to come to you & printing out the return you had to continue to actually transmit the returns.  If you have not done so then you can do so now just log in and complete the FILE tab again to the end. 
I believe you can access it by signing back in to turbo tax and it should let you see what you  need.  Good luck. 
That info would be in the worksheets .....You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down.\n\nDont see a form or\nworksheet? Here are some reasons why:\n\nWhen you print out\nyour return to paper-file it, you may discover that some IRS forms or schedules\nare missing from your printout.\n\nThis is by design, as\nTurboTax only prints the forms and schedules that the IRS requires to be filed.\n\nMore info\n\nHere are forms\nand schedules that may not print out in accordance with IRS guidelines:\n\n        \nSchedule A wont print unless youre itemizing on your federal return.\n\no    If youre itemizing on your state return and\nneed the Schedule A, you can print it out later.\n\n        \nSchedule B wont\nprint if your interest or dividend income is less than $1,500.\n\n        \nSchedules C/E/F or Form 4562 wont print if you havent placed new assets in service\nduring the tax year.\n\no    For example, you placed new assets in service\nlast year and Form 4562 was included with your return. Form 4562 wont print\nout if no new assets were placed in service this year.\n\n        \nSchedule K-1 Worksheets. These worksheets are used to record information from any K-1\nschedules you receive and will not be printed.\n\n        \nForm 2106, Employee Business Expenses. In certain situations, Form 2106 does not\nneed to be filed with your return. In these cases, entries on Form 2106 are\nautomatically calculated and placed on the appropriate forms.\n\n        \nSmart Worksheets and Supporting Details. Most of these are used for backup purposes\nand recording information, and are not needed  nor wanted  by the IRS. Filing\nthese with your tax return may delay the processing of your return.\n\nYou can always print a records copy if you want to include the missing forms\nfor record-keeping purposes. Dont include them when you mail in your tax\nreturn.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I print a single tax form in the TurboTax\nCD/Download software?\n\n\n\n\n\nSLN63103\n\n Answered by TurboTax FAQ to this\nquestion 
The state refund is still there but the moment you started the amendment process the refund meter zeroed out. It doesnt effect the actual return you filed with the IRS or the printed copy. You can undo the amendment process if you like, you dont need it to fix the situation you have....https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-onlineOnce you have undone the amendment log out and follow these simple instructions to complete what the IRS requires...Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You have a choice. Pay TurboTAX to see your return, or pay the IRS more to get your return mailed to you and wait weeks to get it.
Even though you used the same email address did you set up your own account?  Online is only good for 1 return so if she did her return in the same account, her return overwrote yours and yours is gone.First log out of her account.  Then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's some other links that might helpSee Why Can't I find my Online Account?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return You have to log in with the exact same user name and password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have Or check here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return\n\n\n\n\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495OR There is also The Turbo Tax Freedom website which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you have to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/When you get to Tax Freedom use the link to "I Qualify, Start Now" at the bottom instead of the sign in link. And you have to create a new account, if you use the same account info it will take you back to Turbo Tax.How to switch to the Tax Freedom editionhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3491786 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Disability pensions shown on Form\n1099-R if you have not reached the minimum\nretirement age set by your employer appear as Wages on line 7 of Form 1040. 
What you want to do is not supported. Keep your paper copies of all tax returns with your important tax records.. 
When refinancing, you amortize points and origination fees over the term of the loan.You must be itemizing.You can deduct a portion next year. It may not be worth the effort to amend this year. 
Are you asking about a Canadian return?  You're posting in the US forum.Canada Support is here:  https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
What should you do?\nUse our secure Identity Verification Service website idverify.irs.gov. Its quick and secure. You should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents.\n\nIf you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents.\n\n\nIf you did not file the return in question, you can use either option to notify us.\n\n 
From IRS_You should keep copies of your tax returns as part of your tax records. They can help you prepare future tax returns, and you will need them if you file an amended return or are audited. Copies of your returns and other records can be helpful to your survivor or the executor or administrator of your estate. Or, for reminding yourself of what your tax bill might be. 
there isnt a lot of change from last year \nthe numbers from last year are not much different and I owed $100, now it has me getting $2800 back on the desktop deluxe and $600 online.\nWe are all a year older. Some tax credits have age limits. \n\n 
Yes, all interest payments must be included in your income if you are required to file taxes. 
If your 2015 return was prepared on the hard drive in a desktop version (CD/download) of TurboTax, then all of the tax files are stored locally on your computer.  If you do not have a backup copy of the *.tax2015 data file or 2015 PDF, then I unfortunately have to be the bearer of bad news.   The data is not syncd to an online account, and thus cannot be retrieved.You can get a free 2015 tax return transcript from the IRS, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.   A copy of the actual return from the IRS costs $50 and takes several weeks.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptI know its too late for this advice, but it may help other users who read this thread.  With the desktop version, its very important to backup frequently.  Reading about these kind of incidents in this forum scare me, so I make sure to make a backup copy of my return on a flash drive or other external storage each time I work on it during preparation.  And then I save 2 copies in different external media after filing season.  I save the tax data file and 2 PDFs for easy viewing without the program--a PDF as filed, and a PDF with all forms and worksheets.   They have to be saved in a safe and secure location, to guard against computer theft/hacking, etc., since they contain a lot of personal ID info and financial data. 
When you get to the section on how you are going to pay your taxes there is an option to set up a payment plan https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2467761-can-i-file-a-form-9465-installment-agreement-request-in-tu... State information will be handled separately, see your state Dept of Revenue page. 
http://smallbusiness.chron.com/rights-inactive-member-llc-41987.htmlYou are best served by seeing a local professional, since there are state and city legal and tax issues to considered as well. 
The programs are built from the same code base so they work the same.  Make sure you locate and save all your tax data files (.tax2015, .tax2014, etc.).  Also, print and save paper copies and PDF copies of all your tax returns and worksheets.If you bought the CD, it has installers for both Mac and PC, but if you bought a downloadable installer online, it is platform specific.  If you ever need to open an old tax return data file, you can contact customer support and ask them to give you a download for the PC instead of the Mac. 
No.  The TT CPA Select service has been discontinued. 
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i1040tt--2013.pdf 
BTW, there is another option besides credit card.   You can buy a \nprepaid debit card in a store, usually for a small service fee. It will \nbe cheaper than 34.99 or 39.99 fee for paying out of your refund.Please see the FAQ below for reasons why one may not be able to pay TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund (the refund processing service.)First of all, you must efile the return.  You cant choose to print and mail the return.Secondly, the refund has to be large enough to cover the product fees, sales taxes, and the 34.99 service fee (39.99 for California filers, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)Here are other reasons that one may not be able to use the refund processing service:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3299971 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank (or card.)  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank (or card) fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
This is mainly a public user community forum; not a direct route to TurboTax Support.Are you referring to a TurboTax personal account?  Or some other Intuit product  If you were using another Intuit product, you will need to access that products forum or support from the following website:http://www.intuit.com/This is not a matter for a public user community forum, which is for tax-related questions in regards to TurboTax products.  Only Intuit can explain its actions.  You should be able to ask them all of your questions.If TurboTax is the product you were using, then heres how to phone TurboTax Customer Support.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
If you wish to dispute, respond in writing with your explanation of why your original tax return was not in error. 
An amended return is a complete copy of your tax returns containing the correct information, PLUS a copy of form 1040-X that summarizes the changes (as a cover sheet).To prepare an amended return in Turbotax when the original was filed a different way, step 1 is to recreate the original faulty return exactly in Turbotax, so that turbotax has an electronic version of the faulty return for the amendment.  You will not file the faulty return, but you will select print and file by mail and then print the return.  This will mark the return as filed so that Turbotax can then be used to prepare an amended return.  Then follow the normal amended instructions, prepare the amended return with correct information, and print and file the amended return.Using this method, we recommend using Turbotax installed on your own computer rather than online, because you will not have access to the forms and worksheets online, and will not have the ability to make manual entries or overrides.  It is our guess that you will not be able to create the faulty return without manually overriding some entries, because turbotax naturally prepares correct returns and you may need to force it to prepare an incorrect return.  You can buy a CD or downloadable installer direct from Turbotax or from the typical discount resellers like Amazon and Staples.As an alternative approach, you could use Turbotax to prepare one single correct return without using the amending process.  Select that you will print and file by mail.  Print your new return. Then download a copy of form 1040-X and the instructions from the IRS web site and prepare your 1040-X manually by comparing the new correct Turbotax return with the old incorrect return, and use that information to fill out the 1040-X which is a summary of the changes.  Mail both the 1040-X and the new return to the IRS.  Here, you could use Turbotax online to prepare the new correct return, but you will need to do the 1040-X manually (without Turbotax) and thats not everyones cup of tea.Amending in Turbotax https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedIRS 1040-X https://www.irs.gov/uac/About-Form-1040X
Be sure to write For 2015 tax and your SSN on your check, payable to US Treasury. 
Amended returns must be filed by mail, and take about 4 months to process.  You get a check for any refund from the IRS, and must sign it on the back to cash it or deposit it.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked... 
See this answer:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3348304-i-need-to-finish-my-2014-return 
If one of you didnt file an IL return last year you will have to mail in the return this year.  This is one of ILs quirks. 
There is no remedy. IRS is going after misfiled tax returns, to collect tax due in accordance with the parameters of Obamacare. 
addition to tax - another term for this would be penalty.underpayment of estimated tax or under-withholding of tax is subject to penalty.As to why TurboTAX did not compute that and add it in -  For assistance or for other issues, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact\n\n\n\n 
With few exceptions, a short sale is always Short Term. Heres why.In order to close a short you must go to the market and acquire some securities.The acquired date is the date you closed the short sale.The disposed date is the very same date if you closed at a profit.For Stocks, the disposed date is three business days later (settlement) if you closed at a loss.Note: Date Acquired and Date Disposed refer to Columns (b) and (c) on Form 8949 that you will report to the IRS.Your trade date is the date you closed the trade and goes in (b). Settlement date must be calculated taking into account market holidays . 
This IRS reference details the rules with regard to American Samoa:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p570/ch03.html#en_US_2015_publink1000221244 
This is mainly a user community forum, not a direct route to TurboTax Support.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here in the pubilc forum.  But we can tell you how to phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The IRS does not use US postal tracking numbers when they mail refund checks.Your can reach the IRS  at 267-941-1000 for international callers or overseas taxpayers. (Overseas taxpayers may also fax a tax question to 267-941-1055 or use our international contact address page.) 
This is a common complaint.Dont use the pay fee from refund option.Make them accept your credit card. (try  a credit card, not a debit card).For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 
The routing number is a 9 digit number on the bottom left of your checks. If it is not taking it you have entered a symbol or a duplicate number. Clear that entry and leave the section of the return so it saves the blank form information. Then try to re enter it. 
What do you see for the status of your Federal refund with this tool at the IRS Wheres My Refund site?https://www.irs.gov/RefundsOnce it goes to the IRS, TurboTax wont know anything about it.  Its up to the IRS at that point.  In the USA a mailed return can take 4-6 weeks to process, unless there are further delays.You can phone the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center to inquire about your return--first of all to be sure it was received, and secondly to see what the delay is.   You can get the international phone number at the link below.  I believe it is in Philadelphia.   It is not a free call, so when calling internationally be aware of phone charges, since you may be on-hold a long time.https://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-My-Local-Office-Internationally 
Yes you do pay taxes on the difference since any amount over $5250 of tuition paid by the employer on your behalf is a taxable fringe benefit.  So when you enter the information on the 1095-T remember to add any education expenses that you paid out of pocket (if any) so you only get taxed on the difference. 
You can start by phoning TurboTax Support and asking if your efiled 2014 return was accepted or rejected.  Once you know that, you can explain your card issue to them and ask them how to proceed.   If the efiled return was rejected, then it hasnt been filed. Or you can phone the IRS and ask if they received it and what happened to the refund.  Ill give you the steps to phone the IRS at the end of this post.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like speak to an agent about my 2014 return.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Heres how to speak someone at the IRS:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 
No matter if a check says sign here or not  you must always endorse the back of any check you get or your bank will not accept it. 
Were you using these instructions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your prior online returns in their Tax Timelines, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
The state and federal returns are processed separately from each other so ... First -- verify that your returns have\nbeen filed and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites\nto see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue\n\n\n\n
If you do not see your return in the tax timeline when you log in then you must have more than one account .... You have to log in with the exact same user name and\npassword. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ To print a return you\nhave already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:\n\n1.  Sign in to TurboTax Online, \n\n2.  Click Taxes\n\n3.  Click My Tax Timeline\n\n4.  Scroll down to 2015 tax year and look for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO\n\n5.  Click Download all forms and\nworksheets under your 2015 tax return\n\n\n\n\n\n
It is too late to get another check from the IRS but if you used the Refund Processing Service to pay the TT fees and have the balance sent to you then you can try to contact them ... however I dont hold much hope on this matter ....  contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n
Gifts from foreign persons are not taxable to the recipient.  Depending on the amount of the gift, however, IRS Form 3520 may have to be filed.  Details here:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Gifts-from-Foreign-Person
\n\nSee https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269\n. That page has a link to an Accuracy Guarantee Submission Claim Form.\n\nA notice from the IRS or a state\nwould usually mean one of several things:\n\n\nThe \n     software made an error, \nThe issuer of an information return such\n     as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \nThe IRS or state made an error in\n     processing the return, or\nThe TurboTax user entered incorrect or\n     incomplete information or did not answer questions correctly.\n\n\nThe \nTurboTax accuracy guarantee covers any additional interest or penalties\nthat you would incur, but only due to the first type of error. To submit a\nclaim, see these instructions: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269 . (Note - the TurboTax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.)\n\n 
If the direct deposit was issued and rejected by your bank, the IRS will send a check for the same amount to the address on your tax return.  (You dont need to change anything on the return that was already submitted.) 
If you paid for this year that should unlock your prior years, but sometimes there are problems, especially if you used a different account.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Thanks for that source.  If you take the article at face value -\nIf you used the standard deduction, you would have no need to amend.\nIf you do need to amend, Turbotax would have sent you a notice to do so.\n\n
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
There are two reasons for poor IRS service:\nThe IRS budget, instead of increasing with inflation each year, has been cut by 17% since 2010, resulting in an inability to replace staff lost through attrition.\nDespite the budget decrease, the IRS has been give additional duties under the new Affordable Care Act.\nQuick summary:  Youre getting the best IRS service that the Congress is willing to pay for.  They just arent willing to pay much. 
Answered in your other posts here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/users/76378235-vanamdharmateja 
Up to $100,000 principal (MFJ) or $50,000 (MFS) you can deduct the interest for any purpose.Above that, it gets complicated; you must be using the funds to improve or pay for your home. Interest paid on a car or vacation is not deductible. 
As Lisa995 suggested, there are lots of material on the web covering this topic and to personalize  this to your exact situation, you need to provide more details of your own situation.Very generally, depreciation recapture  associated with rental property for example comes into play as follows:   you have a rental property, you get rental income over the years  and you reduce this by taking depreciation --- thus some ordinary  income is shielded from taxation.  When you sell the property,  you have a profit(say ). This profit would be  taxed at capital gains rate -- that it gets taxed at a preferential rate.  However, because you had reduced  your taxable income  all those years  ( i.e. shielded from income tax ) through depreciation,  therefore your gain through the disposal of the property  is taxed at ordinary income  to the extent it is caused by the accumulated depreciation -- the rest of the gain would be treated as long-term capital gain.  This is recapture of depreciation.  Of course as Lisa995 mentioned  there are many different versions of this process depending on the exact source/ characteristics  of the depreciation.Please provide details , as asked for by Lisa995 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 
Are these homework questions?  You keep asking different versions of the same question over and over again, and ignoring the answers. 
How do I fix this?furnish documentation (bank statement, cancelled check) for the payments that IRS misplaced.The payments may not have been credited to year 2015. 
Use this link to contact customer support, ask for the security team. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The IRS wont tell you who claimed your child.  If the child is legitimately your dependent per IRS rules, you should claim the child on your tax return and then print and mail your return.  Dont e-file it.  When the IRS receives two returns each claiming the same dependent, they will request (by mail) supporting information from each taxpayer and they will decide who has the legitimate claim.Also, a person cannot avoid paying child support by claiming or not claiming a child on their tax return. 
That code is not good. It says that your social security number has been used on another return.  Is it possible  that you have already filed then tried to refile? Check for multiple login names FOR ONLINE:  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Coupled with the IRS showing a return in process it could mean identity theft https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2118765-ind-515-help-keep-getting-rejected  https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Identity-Protection Are there other steps I should take as a tax-related IDT victim?You should also follow the recommendations from the Federal Trade Commission, such as contacting one of the three credit bureaus to place a free fraud alert on your credit records. SeeTaxpayer Guide to Identity Theft and FTCs site, www.identitytheft.gov, for details.You should also check with your state tax agency to see if there are additional steps to take at the state level.
Did you have your Turbotax fees taken out of your refund.? If so you need to contact the intermediary bank for Santa Barbara Tax services https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspxTo contact Turbotax support during their business hours https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you had your fees taken out of your federal refund then the money goes to a third party bank to take those fees and the balance is sent on to you. If there is a problem with your bank information or a miss matched name they try to contact you. Santa Barbara Tax services is the processor https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspx check your account there.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900596-what-is-the-refund-processing-service
Income averaging was removed from the tax code many years ago, except for certain farmers and fisherman.There is a 10 year option for lump sum distributions from a qualified plan but you must have been born before January 2, 1936 to be eligible.  See IRS Publication 575 Pension\nand Annuity\nIncome page 23 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p575.pdf#page=23 
Easy, just pay the balance in full at the IRS site here :  https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
You are using the Online version.  Have you already filed and paid?  Only after filing and paying can you see the actual forms themselves in the PDF file that you should save for your own records.  Until you file and pay, you do not see the actual Form 2106.If you are still not yet filed and paid, then you can check your entries at \nPERSONAL\n\nDeductions & Credits\nScroll down to Employment Expenses  - see image\n\n\n 
No.As long as your income and deductions, after amending, are still within the limitations of the original return - and able to be processed by the version - Free Edition - then no charge.  Note, if instead, for example, you now have to add a stock or investment sale and a Form 1099-B, that would force an upgrade.See here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Taxes-101/How-to-File-an-Amended-Return-With-the-IRS/... 
If the IRS wheres my refund site confirms that your refund was paid, and you chose to receive your refund on a debit card, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank or apply it to a card.  If there are any problems, then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address. They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 
just leave that box free. TT will assume its Zero 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521
According to Article 19 2 the social security is taxable in the US, and only in the US. You/your grandfather would need to claim a treaty exemption in Switzerland to get taxes paid to Switzerland back and have them stop withholding (if they do withhold Swiss taxes). Report the pension on form 4852 (substitute for form 1099R) 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Contact TurboTax support for assistance with this problem.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Sorry this is just a user to user forum and we can't help with Billing.  Call them again.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead. 
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateTo check whether you used refund processing, and whether you typed your bank account numbers correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page.If it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.  Search your states tax web site for how to check your refund status.
Heres the first problem.  You cant contribute $100,000 to your IRA.  The overall limit is $5,500 (or $6,500, if 50 or over), and the amount that is tax-deductible might be limited if you or your spouse are covered by retirement plans at work. In general, however, even if the  IRA contribution is deductible, the distribution will be taxable, and if you are under 59 1/2, a 10% penalty will be tacked on unless the distribution is used for certain qualified purposes. 
The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts. 
Call the IRS and ask them 1800 829 1040 
The W designation for the contribution is correct.  There is absolutely no tax benefit to you to somehow distinguish between employer and employee pre-tax contributions.  All of that money came out of the employers bank account and was deposited in your HSA.You have paid no income tax on any of that money.All of that money in that account is now yours.  It can never revert back to the employer and you may do anything you wish with that money.  (Of course only distributions that are used for qualifying health costs come out tax free.)Can you see any way that somehow slicing and dicing that contribution between employer and employee yields any additional income tax benefit?Tom Young
See if this helps:http://www.tax-brackets.org/arizonataxtable 
Their gifts are not taxable income to you.  There is no reporting requirement on your part.  The Form 8300 reporting is routine when cash in amounts of $10K or more are received.  This is part of the governments anti-money laundering efforts.  Tom Young 
Only you would know if you paid taxes owed for 2015, by a bank account or credit card record.And what did the IRS change for 2014? 
It sounds like you made a data entry error somewhere. Always print a copy of your tax return and worksheets, and check them before you file. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Yikes!  Are you sure you dont want to do a rollover, at least in part?Your Federal marginal rate will be 39.6%, plus youll be subject to additional Medicare tax, phaseout of personal exemptions and itemized deductions, and lots of other costly things.Please see a local tax professional before you do anything. http://fairmark.com/general-taxation/reference-room/2016-tax-rate-schedules/ 
You cannot itemize deductions on Form 1040EZ.  You must take the Standard Deduction. 
No.  You can print it out and mail it now. You can only efile a current year (2015) return.   Or do you need to change it first?  Heres info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525How to finish a prior year,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186197
you must be itemizing. Your loss is a miscellaneous deduction subject to the 2% exclusion.You must close out all Roth IRAs you own to do this.Your conversions are recorded on your brokerage statements, and on Form 5498 which you should be keeping forever, but which are sent to the IRS. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
Just log into your TT account, and print the NC return. 
The IRS will be sending you a letter about this within the next couple of weeks. 
If that is all it is, just wait to see if and when contacted by the IRS.  If you get a notice and you agree with the additional tax assessed, then just send it in.Having said that, it is not real clear if you took a deduction for estimated tax payments that were not in fact actually paid?  Maybe a few more facts would be great to make sure we have addressed the whole situation. 
How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n 
This is the USA forum, not Canada. 
We (her parents) assumed the mortgage in our names.You need to explain what that means for an answer.  Does that mean that you just informally make the payments, or did the bank refinance the mortgage in your names (e.g., are you liable to the bank for the payments?Similarly, is your daughter still liable on the mortgage, or has the lending institution totally released her? 
The IRS will mail you a check in about 2 weeks. 
Call 1 (800) 400-7115 can dept of revenue and ask them 
You cannot take credit for Social Security benefits repaid until you actually repay them.This, you owe taxes for the amount received in 2014. You claim credit when you make the repayment, presumably in 2016.
You edit the W-2 that needs correcting.  Tom Young 
The TurboTax Business Edition is a totally separate program from the personal editions of TurboTax.  It is a stand-alone program that can only be installed on a Windows based computer, not on a Mac or online.  The Business Edition cannot complete a personal tax return, Form 1040.Go to this TurboTax website to purchase a CD or Download of the Business Edition - https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/
What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite. 
Make sure you review the dependent information section closely under personal informaiton ro make sure you have all the correct boxes selected, dob and social security numbers correct. Click on the blue "Explain this" for a quick summary and see the publication for a more detailed description from the IRS of the requirements - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p596.pdf 
If the upgrade option to Plus is grayed out then you already are using the Plus edition.  You just have to pay for the account to access the prior year returns.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
A UTMA does not shelter income.  Any income is taxable to the child no matter what his/her age, as the child is the owner of the account (the parent is the Custodian.)  If required to file, the child should have been reporting it annually as received (or, if interest and dividends, it could have been reported on the parents return.)Normally, when a child reaches majority the balance in the account (or the account itself) is transferred to the child as there is no longer a need for a custodian. 
How much did they take out of the refund?  Was it just the 34.99 Refund Processing Serivice charge?If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees It says..... Note: If the IRS releases your refund after you've paid your TurboTax fees, we won't deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.OR the IRS reduced your refund.  If they did they will send you a letter saying what they changed on your return.
Paper filed returns typically take at least 4-6 weeks to process, but years older than 2015 can take longer.Transcripts take about 6 weeks.https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript-FAQs
On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return or Click Download all forms and worksheets 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Only the bank can tell you why. And its not the issuing bank, but the receiving bank that rejects deposits. 
Call the 800 number for the IRS and ask them what form you need to correct this error. They will tell you what form you need and what information you need to send to make a change to your taxes. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
If you received a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS, the phone call is a scam.  The IRS does not communicate with taxpayers by phone or email, only through the US mail.See this IRS website for telephone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz... 
If federal call 800 829 1040 and talk to the ird about this 
If he filled out a schedule C in your Joint return then 8,500 will make a big difference.  It will reduce the regular income tax on your return and reduce the self employment tax on 1040 line 57 by about $1,200.  In fact you have to report all your expenses.  You can get in trouble for not reporting expenses if by not reporting them it qualifies you for the EIC earned income credit.If he is a Single Member LLC he probably filed a Schedule C in your personal Joint return.  You will need to upgrade to Home & Business to enter more expenses.  Here's how to amend,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online 
It is direct deposited into the bank that issues the NetSpend VISA card, who then places it on your card. 
If you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used TT Desktop, look for a. 2015tax file on your computer.
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
call 800 829 1040 and ask the irs 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
File amended returns to both state and federal returnsFederal is 1 800 829 1040 
You can avoid SBTPG altogether by paying your TT fees with a debit, credit or prepaid card.And you can avoid waiting for a big refund by changing your tax withholding on form W4.
If you are using TurboTax you dont have to calculate the tax. TurboTax will calculate it for you automatically. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to amend a 2013 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915This TurboTax AnswerXchange forum is maintained by Intuit, the company that makes TurboTax, to help its customers use TurboTax to prepare their tax returns.The calculation of the tax can be very complex, depending on what is in your tax return. If you are not using TurboTax, see the instructions for line 6 in the IRS instructions for Form 1040X, and the instructions for line 44 in the 2013 IRS instructions for Form 1040. 
Call 225 219 5500 
If you have been waiting over 45 days for your refund, you need to call 1-800-829-1040 and ask for an explanation.  I would suggest calling as early in the day as possible as sometimes it is hard to get through to the IRS.  Be sure to have your SSN, the amount of your refund and filing status handy as they will ask you for these items.Good luck! 
You have a lot of questions going on here.  Lets discuss amended returns.  You should use Turbo Tax to calculate and prep the filing documents for the amended returns in question.   One exercise I do to check my numbers is to go back to Turbo Tax in the years in question and re-do the returns to see what you get.  You should take care of the amended returns sooner rather than later.  When you file an amended return  you also extend the time which the IRS or other tax authorities have to audit your returns and none of us wants that.   Although the IRS would argue against this, I have noticed that amended returns have a more likely chance of being audited for the amended years as well as years before and after.  Because of the documentation and calculations involved I would highly recommend going to a professional. I would  go through my calculations and see if the amended benefit outweighs the cost of a professional and possibly opening up other years for audit.  Although I am recommending going to a professional, I equally believe it is important to have an estimate of what your professional will provide you.   I hope that helps. 
You dont take it off. You will eventually receive the refund, so you have to account for it on the 1040X. It would be best to wait to file your amended return until after you receive the refund from your original return, in case the IRS makes any adjustments to your original return. 
IRS will finish the review and send you the notification letter. The date mentioned is approximate, so give it little extra time, before you follow up. It may take 2 weeks after they finish their review. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your online return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
How long has it been?  It can take 2-3 weeks or longer to get a letter explaining the reason a refund was reduced.  You can try phoning the state tax agency to see if you can learn anything.  Click on your state in this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
Using the same email is OK but not if it was used as the UserID for both returns ....  then the second return filed would have overwritten the first return permanently.Hopefully you used different accounts so check for others connected to that email....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302270 
Installment Agreement has to be paper filed (mailed).IRS generally contacts you to notify you if it is approved. You should contactIRS if you have heard nothing. There is a one time set-up fee of $53 for 9465.Interest is still charged. 
You can contact the Turbotax center https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ during their business hours M-F 8-5pm Pacific time and ask.Do not put refund in as the question or it will direct you to the where is my refund site. 
Turbo Tax doesnt have copies of the actual W2s, just what you entered from them.  To get a copy you need to ask your employer for another copy.  You can also get them from the Social Security Admin, but there is a fee. 
Because the $6500 is taxable. 
Have you tried\ndeleting the form?  See the following on how to delete a form, choose the\ninstructions for the version you are using.\n\nHeres how to delete\nforms in TurboTax Online:\n\n1.    Open your return, if its not already open.\n\n2.    In the upper right corner, click My Account\n> Tools.\n\n3.    In the pop-up window, select Delete a form.\n\n4.    Click Delete next to the form or schedule and follow the\ninstructions to remove the form/schedule.\n\n-------------------------------------------------\nTo delete a form in the CD/Download version:\n\nWindows\n1.Open your tax return and then switch to Forms mode.\n2. In the left pane, select the form you want to remove.\n3. After the form is generated in the right pane, click the Delete Form button\nat the bottom of the window.\n4. Follow any on-screen instructions to remove the form or forms.\n\nMac\n1.Open your tax return and then switch to Forms mode.\n2. In the left pane, select the form you want to remove (if you dont see it,\nclick Open Form at the top).\n3. From the Forms menu, select Remove [name of form].\n4. Follow any on-screen instructions to remove the form or forms If\nyou still need assistance with this issue you probably need to talk directly to\nTT Customer Support and let them troubleshoot it for you in real\ntime.  They can even screen share if necessary.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2)  Choose the product platform you are\nusing.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested articles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to enter the Support module to get a\nphone number. (That will be grayed out when they are closed). Current business\nhours are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific
Before upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
They cannot be combined but TT support can unlock the 2013 return ...Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Resolved by asker. 
https://dor.georgia.gov/individual-taxpayers 
You cannot find a place for estimated taxes on that form is because the S-corp doesnt pay any taxes therefore it doesnt need to make estimated payments.  All income & expenses are passed thru to the members who pay taxes on their personal tax returns so if you made payments on the form 1040-ES then they are reported on the form 1040 not the 1120S. Also I hope that you and any other members are taking a paycheck and filing the correct payroll forms at least quarterly and not just taking all of the profits as draws .... see the following info on that subject ...The IRS position is\nthat an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable compensation to an officer before\nnon-wage distributions may be made.  The reason is that they feel that\nnon-wage distributions when no wages are paid is an avoidance of social\nsecurity taxes.  From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable Compensation\n\nS corporations must pay reasonable\ncompensation to a shareholder-employee in return for services that the employee\nprovides to the corporation before non-wage distributions may be made to the\nshareholder-employee. The amount of reasonable compensation will never exceed\nthe amount received by the shareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions and other payments by an S\ncorporation to a corporate officer must be treated as wages to the extent the\namounts are reasonable compensation for the service rendered to the\ncorporation.\n\nSeveral court cases support the authority of\nthe IRS to reclassify other forms of payments to a shareholder-employee as a\nwage expense and subject to employment taxes.\n\nThe page cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d\n1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one judicial finding on the IRSs authority to\nreclassify distributions to wages subject to employment taxes.  Factors to\ndetermine reasonable compensation are given in the ruling.\n\nThe AICPA has an interesting article on this\ntopic here: http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\nYou also might want to read a lively\ndiscussion on the Tax Almanac website here: http://www.taxalmanac.org/index.php/Discussion_Forum_-_Tax_Questions .  The substance of the discussion seems\nto be that taking a reasonable salary is not optional and, if you took\ndistributions with no salary, the distributions should be changed to salary\nwith appropriate employment tax returns being filed (late, if necessary.) \n\nThe fastest way to get audited as an\nS-Corporation is to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return. 
f you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used TT Desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Leave the window open, as it expires when you close it.  Use another browser window to check your mail, or check your mail on a different web browser (like Internet Explorer) or use a smart phone or other device.  In most browsers, control-N will open a new window, and control-T will open a new tab (command-N or command-T on Macs.)Once you get logged in, if you go to your personal settings and add a cell phone number, you can change your security preferences to send any future verification codes to your phone by text message instead of email, if that is easier for you. 
The IRS goal is 21 days, but it can take longer.State refund times vary. 
Use this link to try to retrieve your download.  Before trying it, log out of all Intuit accounts, clear your browser Internet cache, and close/reopen the browser.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download
Please do not post your email address on this public forum.And this is the USA tax forum, not Canada. 
Right now you dont need to do anything.  If your the deposit to your bank or card is rejected, the IRS will send a paper check to the address on your tax return. 
If the IRS has paid your refund (and you confirmed thisTurbotaxs estimates are not reliable), and if you used refund transfer to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 
NOTE:  The following may or may not apply to you, depending on whether you chose to pay any TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund or not.  If you didnt have any fees, or if you paid upfront, this wont apply.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
Your CPA is correct.  [Remainder of post deleted.] 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The problem is that the W-2 that you received is incorrect. See the FAQ at the following link for details, including options for what you can do about it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2635384 
Please do not blame Turbo Tax for IRS not processing your return. There are MANY reasons the refund could be held up.1. Check for an IRS letter in the mail indicating they need more information. This is happening all too often this tax season if the Health Care forms (1095-A) do not match what IRS has on file for you.2. Your refund could be OFFSET by a debt due. Check the Treasury Offset Center 1-800-304-3107 to determine if you owe a debt that your IRS refund has being applied to.3. Check Wheres my refund here:- https://sa.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp4. If all these fail call IRS as soon after 7 am (local time) as possible.  The agent MAY be able to assist you.
If you have some idea what you named the 2015 file, search from the start button.  But your 2015 return should open automatically, or TT 2015 should ask you if you want to work on a saved return in progress, when you open it.  You always should give you file a name using the save as command, and also save a backup as a pdf so that you can look at it (and print if necessary) so you dont need TT to open it. 
Try this:\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.  Scroll down to some things you can do.\n\nLook for the link all forms and worksheets.  Does that have the 1040X and any changed forms you need?  It might be mixed in among other forms, and it might not be there.\n\nIf not, you can open your return back up to get it.\n\nSo in your 2015 Tax Timeline, under Some things you can do click on Amend (change) return.\n\nIf you have already completed the changes, you should be able to skip to the FILE tab to print and mail the amended return.\nIf the above method didnt work, heres an alternate way to print while the return is open:\nClick on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose Print Center.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.   There should be a choice for a PDF as filed, or one with all forms and worksheets.  See if one of those PDFs has the 1040X and forms you need.\n\n 
Try comparing your 2014 and 2015 returns side by side, line by line.  Something may stand out.  Also check for any data entry errors. 
No, sorry. 
I  Corrected the mistake by removing the payment in TurboTax amended return. No, if you had done so, your revised tax return would match up with the IRS version of your tax return.
It will go on your Net Spend card. 
It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin)approving or denying the application, you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf 
jcrawford1218:How did you prepare the 2014 return?   Online TurboTax or desktop version?If you prepared the return in desktop software (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF or the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search your computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.   If you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at the end of this post. If you prepared the return online, however, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineIf you used TurboTax Online and dont find any 2014 returns in your account, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong one.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you cant find your 2014 online return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-returnNOTE:  If you need to pay for a 2015 online return to unlock a past return, report back for instructions on how to do so.If you used the desktop version and didnt save (or lost) a copy of your return, you can order a free return transcript from the IRS which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
Bonus question: NO.  It makes no difference what you do with the proceeds of the sale of the stock.  Assuming you have a log term capital gain it will be taxes at long term capital gains rates irrespective of how you use the money.You might have a capital gain from the sale of the old house but, depending on your situation, you may be able to exclude up to $500,000 of those gains. https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Sale-of-Residence-Real-Estate-Tax-Ti...Read the IRSs summary of the personal residence gain exclusion and you may find out youll own nothing due to the old houses sale.Tom Young 
What is the Where is my refund site saying? https://www.irs.gov/RefundsYou should count the time from when you send in additional information. If you want to call the IRShttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Telephone-Assistance 1-800-829-1040 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information
Normally when theres a delay at the IRS, the first fee you paid would have been the product fees, and the second fee (the part taken from your refund) would have just been the refund processing fee of 34.99 (or 39.99 for California filers.)This is mainly a user community forum, so youll need to phone the folks at TurboTax Customer Support for any account-specific issues.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Within Turbotax, enter your spouses name in the Personal Info section.  When you are done with your return, print it out.  On Form 1040, in the field for your spouses social security number, enter NRA for non-resident alien.  Mail your tax return.  You can only file as Married Filing Separately, or Head of Household if you have a dependent that qualifies you for that status.
You need to file a 1040NR -- a non-resident tax return. 
Did you prepare your non-resident state returns first, and then claim a credit on your MA return for tax paid to NY and NJ? That appears to be missing from your description.If you did not claim the MA credit, youll need to amend the MA tax return. 
If your only income is social security, you are not in the 15% tax bracket, because your social security income would not be taxable, and you would owe no federal income tax.  However, lets assume that your only income is $24,000 in social security.  You sell the house for $1.3 million and have $78,000 in selling expenses (6% of sale amount).  Also assume that your cost basis is $700,000 - the original purchase price plus capital improvements of $100,000.  In that case, your taxable gain is $272,000 (1,300,000 - 78,000 - 700,000 - 250,000).  Your total federal tax would be $42,770 assuming you do not owe a penalty for underestimated tax payments. Your California tax would be $22,444 - again assuming you do not owe an underpayment penalty.  In this situation, the following happens:1.  85% of your social security income becomes taxable2.  You pay capital gains tax on $272,000.3.  Your personal exemption is reduced4.  You pay Alternative Minimum Tax5.  You pay Net Investment Income TaxHave you considered a reverse mortgage? 
When you say the company overpaid you initially, what do you mean?  If you over contributed to your 401k initially, then rolled it over, then took out the over payment, then it IS taxable.  The money that went in was never taxed and it should be.  Had you not rolled it over, you would have received a 1099-R from the companys 401k to remove the overage.  See if Fidelity will re-issue their 1099-R with one of the penalty exception code for a Corrective Distribution.  They will probably need a letter from the company stating such. 
If you need form 982, you probably got a form 1099-C for cancellation of debt, right? Go to Wages & Income - Less Common Income - Miscellaneous Income, 1099A & 1099C. Follow the path through that and you will get form 982 fillled out.  If you intend to exclude the cancelled debt from income by claiming insolvency, Turbo Tax may not cover that. (The Premium Edition of Turbo Tax does not - it recommends you see a professional tax preparer in that situation). 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-returnFirst, are you a dependent? If you are over age 19 and not a student and earn over $4,000 you are not a dependent.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/Rules-for-Claiming-a-Dependent-on-Your-Tax-Ret...If you are a dependent start your amended return. Under personal information edit your name and in the follow up questions choose that you can be listed as a dependent of someone else. If your parents have already filed without you being listed on their return they will also have to amend. If they have not filed they can just add your name as a dependent but they will have to paper file the return since your social security number has been used for the year. 
\nFill out an IRS form 4506.  It can be filled out on line if you google IRS Form 4506\n\n 
Contract Labor goes on line 11 of the Schedule C. Make sure you arent required to file 1099s for the subcontractors as well. From TurboTax help: Line 11Contract laborEnter the payments made for contract labor. Do not include salaries and wages paid to your employees. Do not include amounts that are Commissions & Fees; enter those on line 10. Review the help for Commissions & Fees for an explanation about filing form 1099-Misc for Independent Contractors. Also, do not include amounts for labor deducted elsewhere, for example as part of legal and professional or repair and maintenance services, or cost of goods sold. 
If your self-employment income was reported to you on a 1099-MISC, a copy of your 1099-MISC should be sufficient to verify it.  Just my opinion. 
If you have not filed your return or paid yet you can use the clear and start over option and choose a different product.Using Clear & Start Over in TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248526
Since you had no new W-2 information, it is not necessary to resubmit your original W-2s with the amended return provided you submitted all your W-2s with the original state return.  If the amended return generated modified or new forms that had not been submitted with the original federal/state returns, you will need to submit the new/modified forms with the amended return. 
I just printed a 540X out for a client and the Bar Codes DO NOT show on the corrected 540.    You should be fine. 
With just a couple of clicks, youll have a copy in no time.How to get your 2015 tax returnHow to get an older tax return
If you filed your return electronically using Turbo Tax, you should have received two emails from Turbo Tax.  One advising you that your return was submitted successfully to the IRS by Turbo Tax.  The second message from Turbo Tax should have been received within 24 - 48 hours of the first email and if your return was accepted by the IRS, the second message would give you confirmation of the acceptance.  If your return was accepted by the IRS and you are receiving a refund, wait 4-5 days then access the IRS web site at www.irs.gov.  When you have the IRS site open, select Where is my refund on the right side of the screen and then select Where is my refund on the second screen.  Select OK on the warning message and then have the SSN, filing status, and refund amount ready to enter on the next screen.  The SSN should be the first SSN listed on your return and the refund amount should be the amount on your tax return in whole dollars.  If you have entered the data correctly, your should receive an IRS status for your return.If  the return was not accepted by the IRS, the Turbo Tax email should advise you of the rejection and give you an indication for the rejection.  In this case, you will have to make the necessary corrections and resubmit your return through Turbo Tax.If your return was accepted by the IRS, you are not receiving a refund, and your are still concerned if your return has been received by the IRS, you will need to call the IRS at 800-829-1040, listen carefully to the prompts, follow the instructions, and your will eventually get to talk to a real person.  Allow 30 60 minutes for this action.Good luck. 
K-12 education expenses arent deductible on your MA state tax return either. 
You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
To let  you know that there was a difference in what  you put down as es-payments and that the bill  is now zeroWe made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero.We made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero.We made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. Youre not due a refund nor do you owe an additional amount because of our changes. Your account balance is zero. 
Re filing a printed return...One of the print options is to print the pages required to file. 
@lkishpaughYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
It only offsets "income tax" liability to zero.  So if your income tax liability was reduced to zero, any additional credit will carry forward to the next year.  Its NOT refundable.You would need to view your actual tax forms to "follow the math" and see how the credit affected your situation. 
Actually, its only been 10 weeks.  The following may be helpful:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked... 
Even after your sons amended return has been processed (it needs to be mailed in and takes 12 - 16 weeks for the IRS to process it) its not uncommon for the indicator to remain on the account and your return to be rejected.Solution:  Print your return and file it on paper. 
Yes you would use your personal tax return to file a Schedule C for your business income and expenses. You will need to upgrade to Home and Business to handle it. 
You can request a refund for not being able to efile a state return from the CD/download product by contacting TurboTax directly. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Use the words billing issue when setting up the cal back rather than refund. 
The following is from the NetSpend website:Q: What do I do if my card is lost or stolen?A: You should immediately contact Customer Service via our toll-free number, 1-866-387-7363. Or, you can log in to the online Account Center to report your card lost or stolen. From the main menu, select My Account, My Prepaid Cards and then Report Card Lost/Stolen.  You will also be able to order a new card.----------------------------------------------------Q: Can I send money to another NetSpend account?A: You can easily transfer money to another NetSpend account online or via your mobile phone for free. Log in to learn more. 
To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n
TT cannot determine the status; only you can, by calling the IRS. 
Did you E-File your return or mail it in? If it was e-filed they dont want the computer version. If you mailed it in it is possible for them to be destroyed or lost in the mail. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248543 
Could you check what you are doing?  When you enter a Form 1099-R into Turbotaxs form it doesnt ask for your address, just the payors address. 
See: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-4883C-LetterProbably someone else filed a tax return using you SSN and they want to find out if you are really you.
I have spoken to them a lot. (plus I know someone there). Most of the delays are from the forms 1095-A and 8962 most people didnt fill them out with the return. If you dont get a letter within the next week or so call the 800-829-1040 phone number. They are holding back a lot  of returns this year because of all the data breaches. and the people that notified the irs there business had a data breach. 
Yes, as a US citizen you are required to report your world wide income irrespective of the source.Click on the Business tab and work through that interview.  Tom Young
You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
This is not the location for Security Q&A. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .2014tax file on your computer.
To print them, just ignore any error messages.  If you do that, they should print.  If not, please post back. 
There is a fee for federal and a separate charge for state. And to have the fees deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Fee (39.99 in California).How to find your feesLog in to your returnClick on My Account at the top, then on ToolsClick on My FeesA window will pop up that shows the feesIf you can't get back into your return, To get all the options to show up under My Account you need to have your return open on the screen. Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return. 
Injured Spouse claims are processed manually, so they take at least 11-14 weeks.  If you live near an IRS office, try going there in person. 
To check whether you used refund processing, and whether you typed your bank account numbers correctly, you can log into your account and download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets, and check the instructions page. If the IRS says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
After you finish making the changes to your return, click Done at the bottom of the screen that says Do you need to change anything else? Proceed through the questions and you will come to a screen that says Why did you need to amend your return? The description that you enter on that screen will become the explanation on Form 1040X, page 2, Part III. 
How do I save my 2015 TurboTax Online return as a PDF?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3333012------------------------------------------How do I save my 2015 TurboTax Online return as a tax data file?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300420 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128 
You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If, however, you used TT desktop, look for a .2011tax file on your computer. 
You might have another account under this email address.  So first log out of this account and then Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
Are these the instructions youre using?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5463674
Will this change my tax bracket?It might, depending upon the amount.If  qualify for income based programs will this change based on my gambling winnings?You must ask those programs that question.
That sounds like self employment income.  If you are not an employee and they don't take taxes out of it then you don't get a W2.  You might get a 1099Misc but not from a foreign country.  You don't need to get an actual form to report self employment income.  You should be keeping your own records of your income and expenses.Add it as business income on schedule C.  Go to Business tab- then ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on Then..Business Income and Expenses - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you haven't added a business yet you have to go though a lot of screens describing your business.  Or if you already added your business, you should see the Business Summary page that lists your businesses, (right below the list you can Add Another Business)Then click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last. Click Start or Update by Business IncomeThen Either by 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update buttonOr either by General Income for Business Income not reported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button
The PDF that you initially selected for this year (2015) is only the forms for required filing.  as-if you were filing on paper.For prior year returns, the PDF that is saved after mid-October... now contains ALL the forms and calculation worksheets, and all those extra forms are not actually filed with your tax return, but they do provide critical backup information to see what you entered in a prior year, and can run many pages (mine runs ~120 pages in the PDF file)You can also print out (or save-to-PDF to save paper) the extended all forms and worksheets PDF file for 2015 too, but that is another selection on the Some things you can do  pick-list as the Download all forms and worksheets  selection.....see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f... 
Maybe should try a different service in future if this is how it is? Turbo tax is a funny business. Tells you it is a 29.99 fee then when you check out your total due is like 62.99. They didnt mention all those fees at first until you are ready to pay. Go elsewhere next time save the trouble turbo tax gives.  Oh and  let me guess, expect refund from turbo tax in 4-6 weeks no way before 30 days? 
As Lisa implied, your refund(s) does not go on the card until the IRS or State actually issues it. 
If you filed for free in 2014, you would have to pay now to unlock them.  (You could have downloaded the pdf last year for free.)  If you paid last year, your return should be unlocked until October 15 of this year.If the on screen purchase link is not working, the best solution will be to call customer support. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n
TT/Calif would only make an entry in Sch CA(NR) line 24 column B (Subtractions) if there were federal reservist $$ but the Calif reservist $$ is less than that (= a subtraction adjustment). Look at the TT/Calif Form 2106 Adj Wks line 22 - it should match the federal amount on its version of the same worksheet. TT/Calif transfers the federal amount to that field so check to make sure you havent overridden the Calif field.And also be sure to enter the Calif amount in the Sched CA(NR) line 24 Column E. 
You cannot deduct a loss on the sale of your main home or a vacation home.
Tax returns for Trusts require TT Business (not Home and Business).https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 
The original purchase price should have been split between land (which is not depreciated) and building. So, for example, if $100,00 was assigned to building and depreciated, you have about $16,000 (100,000/27.5 x 4.4 yrs) of depreciation recapture which will be taxed at your marginal tax rate (but no more than 25%). The rest will be taxed at  the capital gain rate of either 15% or 0% (or some at each). Long Term capital gain = 159,000-9,000-135,700 = $14,300. Mortgage payoff is not relevant.Try this tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/ Enter the depreciation recapture amount as miscellaneous income*. *If you have capital losses from other investments, or a capital loss carry over, they can be used to reduce depreciation recapture, so taxcaster may not give you an accurate number, without a workaround. 
TT does not have copies of your W-2 forms, just the info you entered from them. You must get them from your employer. 
Im not sure what you did but Turbotax doesnt pay your taxes, either federal or state.  It can set up a direct debit so the funds will be charged to your checking account by the tax agency, or it can set up an approved credit card charge through the IRSs third party payment processor.Have your taxes been charged to your account in any way? 
1099MISC (self employment income) needs Deluxe at a minimum to be reported  properly, this includes a Schedule C-EZ which only allows certain types of minimal expenses.  If you need the full Schedule C (which it sounds like you do), you need to upgrade to Home & Business. 
Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If there really was a bug, and you did change the account number and turbotax did not accept the change, you might have a case for the accuracy guarantee to cover the fee.  But it might be hard to prove that you tried to change the number.  See here to submit a claim,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050 
Duplicate question. 
It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin)approving or denying the application, you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf 
Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  Use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  Do this before you call customer service, so you dont end up on hold for something simple.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you are sure you dont have a second account, or if this is an old account you forgot about, you should call customer service.  Sometimes that email is sent when you (or someone else) opens an account with your SSN.  However, scammers have also been known to copy real security emails. Make sure you do not answer any personal questions by email, and dont put personal information into a web site unless the address is intuit.com and it shows a padlock icon that means the web site is verified by an outside security company.Customer support hours are given below. Use the phone number in the email that was sent. Or, use the secure form to get a phone number if you think the email might be phony. You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \n\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
Not sure what a "host" is, but they are referring to an LLC that has elected to be treated as a Corporation, not  a single member disregarded entity (filing as a sole proprietor) which is your current situation.You may wish to consult a tax professional to weight the advantages and disadvantages between the 2 different business types. 
NaN = Not A NumberLike typing the letter O instead of the number zero. 
Turbotax does not offer that at this time.  I see the NY web site claiming it, but I dont see the IT-201X listed on their e-file web site.I suggest you prepare your amended return using Turbotax, then log into the NYS e-file and see if you really can e-file an amended return.  You can just copy the numbers off the printed Turbotax return.  If it doesnt work, cancel, log out and file by mail.Also note that certain complicated returns cant be e-filed for free on the NY site and are only offered through tax preparers, so depending on the complexity of your original, you may not be able to e-file the state return even if the system allows it for other taxpayers. 
Look a the copy of the return you saved or printed for your records...the Form 9465 will show the details of the installment agreement request.It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If you'd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf 
I think you are on the wrong website.  You are on the US TurboTax forum, but I think you are looking for the Canadian forum:https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
If it is over $10,000, you need to file a separate reporting here:http://bsaefiling.fincen.treas.gov/NoRegFBARFiler.htmlIf it is over $50,000, you also need to include an additional form on your regular income tax return.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Comparison-of-Form-8938-and-FBAR-Requirements 
Logon to irs.gov and ask your question(s). 
TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5283152 
The\nIRS considers anything in box\n 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. Its up to you to prove to them it was anything else. Start by writing back to the IRS explaining the circumstances. Attach copies of any documentation you have (closing statement?). 
The NetSpend Premier Visa Card usually comes 7-10 days after filing.If you have not received it, you should phone NetSpend Customer Support to inquire.For questions or issues about your NetSpend Premier Visa Prepaid Card, including its activation, and fees, please call the toll-free NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.Are you sure your funds were released by the IRS and were deposited on May 4?  Is that what it says at this IRS website:http://www.irs.gov/RefundsThere could be an additional link in the chain.   The following may or may not apply to you.   If it doesnt apply, just ignore it.Did you have any TurboTax fees that you chose to pay out of the Federal refund (the refund processing service?)  If so, your refund will go first to an intermediary bank where the fees are subtracted.   Then that bank will send the rest to your card.   That is handled by SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group.)If you DID use that service, then once the IRS releases your refund, you can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com
\n\nAs frustrating as it may be, only the IRS\ncan tell you why a refund is late, as they dont share that type information on\nindividual accounts with software providers. \nEven worse, as understaffed as they are, its very difficult to call them. Consequently, patience is\nusually the only practical course with the IRS.\n\n 
Did you have any TurboTax fees that you chose to pay out of your Federal refund?  If so, the following into will likely be helpful.  If you did not use that option, however, then the following will not apply to you.If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked
They are still processing it. 
Sign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
You can go through the section W-4 and Estimated Taxes to \nfigure your customized 1040-ES quarterly tax payments.    There is also a place in \nthat interview to enter what you have already paid for 2016 (if \napplicable), and it will let you include any expected income changes or\n any other changes you have for 2016..\nFederal Taxes tab (or Personal tab in Home and Business.)\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll way down to last category Other Tax Forms\n\nFind topic Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes and click Start or Update.\nIf you need to adjust withholding, go through the W-4 interview.\n\nIf you dont need the W-4 (withholding) interview, you can skip that part and go to the 2016 estimated taxes interview.\nYou may get a screen that says Review your Estimates for 2016 and asks Do you want to adjust your income or deductions.  Say YES, so you can get to the additional questions.\nYou will go through a lot of screens asking about expected income and deductions.\nFinally, you will come to a screen that says Enter Payments You Expect to Make.\n\nThere are some boxes there that say Enter estimated tax payments youve already made for 2016.  \nNext screen will ask which method to use to calculate your 2016 estimated payments.\nNext screen will ask if you want to print vouchers.\n
REPLY
You probably need to file a 1040NR  Non Resident return if you lived all of 2015 in Chile. Answer the residency questions up front, the software will help you along the way.  On the Schedule C self employment you can fill in as much information as possible about the company that pays you. If they advised you to file taxes, is surprising that you did not get an income form from them. If they dont have an EIN number is ok. If the software does not let you efile, you can always paper file. The 1098E is a form for student loan interest form. If you got that form it is filed on 1040 Page1. 
Print and file your own return by mail. The IRS will investigate.   And show your parents this:https://www.irs.gov/publications/p501/ar02.html#en_US_2015_publink1000220868 
Yes but you will have to print and mail the state return.  You can only efile state if the federal was efiled and accepted first. 
If you purchased downloads directly from Turbotax, they are still in your account, you can log in and download them again.For 2014 you will again need to buy the 2014 program as a download.  Each year can only do its own return.For 2015 you can either use Turbotax online or buy a download.  For most people, the Deluxe download is the best value, unless you qualify to file online for free.
To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\nIf your download is not listed here please contact us via phone. Phone support is open from 8 am to 5 pm PST M-F. 
TT transmits the W-2 data that you keyed into the program.Most likely, NYS  wants copies of the actual paper W-2 forms (send them Copy 2) to verify the amount of state taxes withheld, since it may not have received that from the employer yet. 
Sign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.
No, you cannot.  In the case of the sale of stock or mutual funds from a taxable account, it does not matter what you do with the proceeds. 
There is no charge for direct deposit. Are you thinking of the charge to have your TT fees deducted from your Federal refund?
To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\n
NEW UPDATEIt wont let you select None of the Above when adding a dependent,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
To enter your student loan interest:         Go to Federal Taxes (Personal taxes in TT H&B)         Find the Deductions and Credits tab         Choose Ill choose what I work on         Scroll Down to the Education section and click Start next to Student Loan Interest Paid (Form 1098-E)         Proceed through the interview to enter your 1098-E. 
Reject code R0000-198 tells you that you cannot e-file your tax return. You have to print the return and file it by mail. The IRS, not TurboTax, determined that you cannot e-file. There is nothing you can do about it except to file by mail. The following FAQ gives instructions for changing to filing by mail. When you print the return there will be a page of filing instructions that gives you the address to mail it to and tells you what, if anything, you have to send in addition to the tax return itself. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3401713 See the following link on the IRS web site for more information about reject code R0000-198. No one at TurboTax has any information about why you got this reject code.https://www.irs.gov/Tax-Professionals/e-File-Providers-&-Partners/Modernized-eFile-Business-Rule-BR-... 
Hi alexander.c.lamb:  First, let me thank you for your service to our country.  Seriously.  You are appreciated.Now, to your question.  TurboTax has started a new, ongoing subscription thing that allows users access to prior years returns only if they keep use TT currently (or make a minimal payment for some TT paid product).  Ill attach more information below from a TurboTax FAQ, but the bottom line is this:  If you use the Free Edition, ongoing access to prior years returns is not an included feature.  Likewise, if you dont use TT at all, access is now available only by making the purchase mentioned before.  Heres the FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5459364Im also going to give you info to assist you in contacting TurboTax Customer Support, if youd like to phone them during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Sorry I cant help.  Im not happy with this policy, either, but Im a user just like you.  Blessings to you. 
Be sure you are filing a part year resident return in NJ. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Only the Free Edition is free for federal only.  State is a separate extra charge in all online versions.  You can see the prices here,  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/OR There is also The Turbo Tax Freedom website which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you have to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/When you get to Tax Freedom use the link to "I Qualify, Start Now" at the bottom instead of the sign in link. And you have to create a new account, if you use the same account info it will take you back to Turbo Tax.How to switch to the Tax Freedom editionhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3491786 
Yes.  You can do the estimated payments over or just cross out the amount and write a new amount in.You can go though that section again.  You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button If you can't get back into your return, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return. 
You will receive a different type of reporting form, a K-1, from the trust.  The rental income section is not something you will need.  You will have to upgrade from the free version to use that since it is not supported on  a 1040A 
For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password 
I dont know why youre being charged, but two potential reasons come to mind:\nWhile you have a desktop version you accidentally went to the on-line version (which only completes one return per account) and attempted to prepare the return from there (Its been accidentally done before).\nThe desktop Home and Business includes returns for one state.  You tried to prepare a return for a second state.\n 
The amount withheld from your distribution was only an estimate, just like withholding from your paycheck. The exact amount of tax is not known until you prepare your tax return, because it depends on how much other income you have. The distribution is added to your other income and taxed at whatever your marginal rate is, and the early withdrawal penalty is added, if appropriate. The total amount of added tax may be more or less than what was withheld. You get full credit for the tax that was withheld at the time of withdrawal. You aren't being taxed again, just once accurately. 
Are you in the same user name that you used for your tax return?\nAfter you have filed your 2015 tax return you can find the FAFSA sheet listed on your Tax Timeline.  To access this, you will do the following: \n\nLog in to your TurboTax Online account\nClick on Taxes  (at the top of the page)\nChoose My Tax Timeline\nOnce you are in your Tax Timeline you will see several options listed under your 2015 tax return, locate view tax data for FAFSA\nClick to open, and choose that you are the parent.  \n\nIf you want to print the page, you will need to print screen, or take a screenshot and print that. \n 
Have you checked the IRS website?  Although TurboTax tells you that you should receive your refund within 21 daysper the IRS estimated wait time, there is no guarantee that it will not take longer.  Once you file your tax return, only the IRS can determine how long it will take to process your refund.  Some people are experiencing longer waits as the IRS reviews their returns to prevent identity theft and fraud. Although it is very frustrating, there is no way to speed up the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have waited over 3 weeks and really want to call the IRS, call 800-829-1040 
If you cant point out their mistake to the IRS, they will go with their own numbers. 
They are not business income.  Transferring money from one of your accounts to another account, including from a personal account to a sole proprietorship business account is just that - a transfer - not income. 
That form will have to be mailed in. They need an original signature on it. Keep a copy for yourself. 
I think it applies to Accrual Method as well.Advance rent.\n                       Advance rent is any amount you receive before the\n period that it covers. Include advance rent in your rental income\n               in the year you receive it regardless of the period \ncovered or the method of accounting you use.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p527/ch01.html#en_US_2015_publink1000218964https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/1.61-8 
Use this tool to look up any user names that you might have under your email address https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/If you used the same user name to do someone elses return it would override your original information. You can get a transcript of your return from the IRS if you did not save a copy. https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptIf the IRS changed your information and reduced your refund they will send you a letter with an explanation within the next few weeks.
The Idaho State Tax Commission has announced it will take up to 7 weeks to process e-filed refunds; 1011 weeks for paper-filed returns.http://tax.idaho.gov/i-1187.cfm 
Any of your own three children will qualify you to file as Head of Household, but your gf and her child will not (as they are not related to you).  In addition, gf and her child must live with you the entire year in order for you to claim them as dependents.  However, you cannot get EIC for them.  As an aside, the fact that you are supporting your gf and her child could affect her food stamps and Supplemental Security Income.
Youll probably need to just contact TurboTax Customer Support so they can shoot a download to your account.  To contact them by phone, use the info below during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
If the local office mailed in your returns with your application add about a week on to the ITIN unit receiving it.because it was sent during the rush time it will take about 8-12 weeks for the applications to be processed.Your tax returns will not show up online until the ITINs are actually assigned or rejected. Once you receive the letters showing the numbers or a rejection letter allow 6-8 weeks for them to process the tax return.You stated you filed returns How many?
Please contact TT Support for assistance. And be sure to indicate Michigan state return, not IRS.How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific.\n 
Are you asking about health care MAGI?  http://laborcenter.berkeley.edu/pdf/2013/MAGI_summary13.pdfNo . Both your AGI and MAGi exclude retirement plan contributions that lower taxable income. 
Heres one last thing to try before phoning TurboTax Support.   Ill give you the directions to phone them below.You said none of the buttons or links show on my account to do an upgrade.   Even if you used the Deluxe Edition there should still be an Upgrade link (because there are higher versions than Deluxe that some people want.)Are you opening your return to look for the Upgrade link?   If you dont open the return back up, there will not be an upgrade link.   Heres how to open your return back up:\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nClick Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open).\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you can tell what version you are using by looking at the TurboTax logo in the upper left corner.   Does it show you indeed used the Deluxe Edition when you look at the logo?\nThere should also be an Upgrade link at the top middle, but you wont need to use it if you have already paid for a 2015 online product.NOTE:  Do NOT make any changes in your return entries while it is open.   If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.If you indeed used a paid online edition for 2015 in the same account as the 2014 returns, then that should have unlocked them automatically.   I dont know why it didnt.   Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support so they can look at the situation and figure out what is going on.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
ESTIMATED TAXESIts perfectly OK to owe the government a lot of money when your \ntax return is due. What you really want to do is to avoid being \nunderpaid, (a piece of jargon that has a specific tax meaning), and \nincurring penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of        a)90% of the tax for the current year, or        \n b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last \nyears return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then \nchange that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you have a job and can\n make your withholdings paid in 2016 amount to 100%/110% of last years \ntax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You \nmight still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you \nwont be assessed penalties.  (Tax liability doesnt mean the check \nyou write to the IRS when you send in your income tax return.  For most \npeople their tax liability is the amount shown on line 63 of Form \n1040.)If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont\n want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck then estimated \ntaxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, \nSeptember 15 and January 15th of next year). If you want to you \ncan go back to the TurboTax program and work through the Form W-4 and \nestimated taxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In \nthis interview youll enter all your best estimates for your 2016 \nincome, deductions, exemptions, withholding, etc., etc. to see if you in\n fact need to send in estimated taxes.  This portion of the TurboTax \ninterview also prepares the Form 1040ESs, if needed.EARLY DISTRIBUTION PENALTYI wouldnt think that the company going through bankruptcy would in any way affect an early distribution penalty since thats imposed on the recipient of the funds.  As a practical matter youre not going to receive a 1099-R from the state of California for the distribution so the nature of the money, it seems to me, is going to be unknown.  I assume the trustee/administrator of the ESOP escheated the money to the state.  If they are still around you might try contacting them to see if the can shed any light as to what went on here.  Tom Young 
Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspNote that Turbotax for 2002 is no longer available. Further, there is a time limit to file a return to get a refund, that time limit is 3 years from the original due date of the return. The time limit to file a 2002 return to get a refund expired in 2006.You can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return. 
processing of your state refund is in the hands of your State. TurboTAX has nothing to do with how long it might have taken. 
If you had your Turbotax fees taken out of your refund the money first goes to an intermediary bank for Santa Barbara tax services. You can check their website   SBTPG   at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/You can also call the number on the card that is receiving the payment to see if they got the transfer.
Yes, you are required to file an amended return by mail.  Also, when you amend a return, the refund meter on Turbotax resets to zero, so the balance due is actually showing the difference between your original refund and your revised refund.  You can check this by looking at the details on Form 1040X.  If you have already received your refund, or you get your refund before this is processed, you will have to write a check to the IRS for the amount due.  If your original return has not been processed (and it is advisable to wait until it is processed), your refund will be the net amount. 
The IRS website is the best source for status. 
You will need to phone TurboTax Support and ask them to place the 2014 software in your account to download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
If you did choose that refund processing option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your \nFederal refund and want to remove it, you can do so prior to filing and \nthen pay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or \nprepaid debit card.   Heres how, depending on your location:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceIn California the refund processing option is bundled with Premium Services.  Heres how to remove it if you are in that state.California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee 
The Federal refund and the State refund come from two different tax agencies, so they are unlikely to come at the same time.  Either one can be delayed.For some states, it can take several weeks to get a state refund.  Some states are taking a long time to process returns this year due \nto increased security measures and fraud detection techniques.If you efiled the state return, first double-check that it was efiled successfully and accepted.  Use this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen\n in the FAQ below, click on your state to get info on how to track your \nstate refund and how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.   \nThere is also a link in the FAQ about particular states with known delays this \nyear.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
Some states are taking a long time to process returns this year due to increased security measures and fraud detection techniques.If you efiled the state return, first double-check that it was efiled successfully and accepted.  Use this tool:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen in the FAQ below, click on your state to get info on how to track your state refund and how to contact your state tax agency, if necessary.   There is also a link in the FAQ about states with known delays this year.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
Because of budget cuts, the IRS is severely understaffed, and anything that adds manual processing time on a return can slow processing down tremendously.  And to answer your question directly, the IRS can refuse to issue a refund at all, so they are under no legal obligation to provide you with your refund by a certain time.  Obviously, you have recourse, and contacting the Tax Advocate makes sense as a first step.One other thing - according to your timeline, the 30 days period indicated in your last contact with the IRS was not yet up by the time you contacted the Advocate. 
If the IRS website shows your return is still being processed, and its been longer than 21 days, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the cause of the delay, which can be for any number of reasons.  They may need additional documents, sometimes ID verification, etc.  Sometimes there are healthcare reporting issues, returns pulled at random for closer inspection, or some examined for certain credits that might be claimed.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 
Try this:\nLog in and in your 2015 Tax Timeline, under Some things you can do click on Amend (change) return to get your return to open back up.\n\nIf you have already completed the changes, you should be able to skip to the FILE tab to print and mail the amended return.\nIf the above method didnt work, heres an alternate way to print while the return is open:\nClick on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose Print Center.\n\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.   There should be a\n choice for a PDF as filed, or one with all forms and worksheets.  See \nif one of those PDFs has the 1040X and the changed forms you need.\n 
Theres a known printing issue for a file that was initially rejected.....but later accepted......and a printing work-around posted here...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993 
Your software is apparently not updated. TurboTax no longer supports 2011 so there is no way to get updates. You may have to download the forms from the IRS and state to complete the tax returns by hand. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You should have received your Audit Defense membership kit in an email from AuditDefenseCertificate@taxaudit.com for each tax year you purchased Audit Defense.Contact TaxAudit.com at intuit.taxaudit.com/intuit, by e-mailing intuit.audit.sales@taxaudit.com, or by calling toll-free (877) 829-9695 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.  Monday - Friday, 8-5 PacificORIf it was a credit card statement, calling the phone number that shows up next to the charge on your credit card statement may even be quicker. 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes 
Since the amendment will take several months to process, you must mail your own return. 
This TurboTax FAQ may help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2895983-how-do-i-allocate-split-income-for-a-part-year-state-retur... 
It sounds like you are missing the ACCEPTED message from the State of GA. 
Your questions are beyond the scope of this Turbotax income tax software users forum. Please see a local professional. 
Turbo Tax has many\ndifferent numbers to ensure you get connected to the TurboTax expert who is\nbest suited for your particular question.\n\nIf you need help from a\nTurboTax expert, https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/,\nask your question, and click Submit. On the next page, choose\nthe Call option and\nfollow the instructions.\n\nYoull then get a toll-free\nnumber to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular\nquestion.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nGo to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n>> Choose the product platform you are\nusing.\n>> \nAsk a question or keywords without quotes, and Submit.\n>> \nOn next page, skip the suggested articles if they dont help.\n>> \nScroll down, and you should be able to enter the Support module to get a\nphone number during business hours which are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific \n\nNo number will display when\nSupport is closed. 
\n  \n\n\nThis error occurs when attempting to save or print a tax return. Heres a sample message:\nAn error was encountered while printing your return. This situation hasnt affected the data on your tax return. (4)\nError 4 is a generic error message with a multitude of different causes.Possible SolutionsBecause there is no one single cause for this error, try the following until the issue is resolved.\n\nIn some cases, disabling virus-detection software resolves the problem.\nYou can also try using the Save As (instead of Save) command on the TurboTax File menu to make a copy of the file, and then use the copy as your working tax file.\nSomething else that might work is running through the Final Review (located under the Wrap-Uptab) and making any corrections in your tax return.\n\nUninstall TurboTax, restart your computer, reinstall TurboTax, and then update.\nThese errors may also be caused by incomplete or unneeded forms in your tax return. Try removing them.\n\nIf the error persists despite following the instructions above, please contact us.\nSLN63864\n Answered by TurboTax FAQ to this question\n\n\n  \n\n 
Amended returns can take months to process especially since yours got out of line in processing to take a trip back home to you for a signature.  Watch the Wheres my Amended return? tool for your progress (however it may never be acknowledged there ever as the system is not perfect). https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1\n  \n\n  \n\n  \n    If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was mailed back  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n  \n\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
Click the Edit button in the Dependents section under Personal Info.  On the Who do you support  page that opens, select Another person...A drop-down box will appear, in which one of the choices will be Other. 
The answer to the OPs specific question is Yes. If your boyfriend itemizes deductions on his own return, and if the mortgage is a secured debt on a qualified home in which he has an ownership interest (his name is on the deed), then he can deduct all the mortgage interest that he actually pays.  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p936/ar02.html#en_US_2013_publink1000229890 If his name is not on the 1098 from the lender, he can (and should) attach an explanatory note - which can be done in TurboTax.\n\n\n 
duplicate post 
The federal & state returns are processed independent of one another so what happened with the state doesnt have any bearing on the federal return ....The IRS can take\nas long as they want to process the return and there is nothing you can do\nabout it but wait patiently. They are processed individually these days so\nreturns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process together or in\nthe order they are received. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process\nin 21 days or less. However considering that the IRS processes more than 140\nmillion returns which means 14 million will be delayed for more than 21\ndays. There are no refund charts to refer to anymore so dont plan on\nyour refund being in your account on any certain date then you wont be\ndisappointed or overdrawn.  It is possible that you get a DD\ndate posted by the IRS and then a moment before the refund is released it\ngets put on hold while the IRS reviews the account which can delay it for\nmonths. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.  \n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the continued under\nstaffing situation and budget cuts the IRS had been subject to,  they\nare likely to be much longer again this year. \nIt\nhas been reported that some of  the delay\nthis year is due to the new anti fraud security screenings that were\nimplemented.\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/business/taxes/new-tax-fraud-safeguards-may-mean-delays-getting-refunds-n5038...\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/New-Security-Safeguards\n\n\n\nFirst -- verify that your return has been filed and\naccepted --  then check the fed web site to see where\nyou are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Iden 
What almost certainly happened is that you entered the amounts on your W-2s correctly, but you entered both W-2s as if they were for the same person, instead of one for you and one for your wife. When you first start to enter a W-2 in a joint return, you have to indicate whose W-2 it is. The W-2 summary screen (Heres your W-2 info) shows which one of you each W-2 was entered for.You both had Social Security tax withheld from your pay. When you enter both W-2s as if they were for the same person, it makes it look like that person had too much Social Security tax withheld. The amount that appears to be excess Social Security tax goes on 1040 line 71. If you had entered each W-2 for the correct person, TurboTax would have seen that there was no excess Social Security tax, and it would not have put anything on line 71. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Resolved in comments above. 
If you are not required to include a balance sheet there is no benefit in preparing one.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901493-can-i-skip-the-balance-sheet-section
No, it will not. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Are you positive that this letter is from the Federal IRS, not a state tax agency, and not a scam? This is due to retirement deductions on a married joint return.So the agency is telling you that you deducted the retirement plan contributions on Schedule A?  There isnt anywhere to do that in the program, unless you used Misc Itemized Deductions
Am i able to have this removed by amending our return?You could always call the IRS and request they do so but, as Injured Spouse is done is a separate IRS location, and considering their staffing setbacks, I doubt very much they could timely respond to the request.  In short, the likelihood of success probably isnt worth the effort. 
SSA had told them that one of us had died,Please call or visit your local Social Security office to get to the bottom of this. 
This is the USA forum.  Canada site is www.turbotax.ca
That is a user error. When you enter income, you are specifically asked to whom it belongs. 
Each state tax component is an add-on the to Federal personal [or Business] product.  You must own the Federal product.  Assuming that you have it installed, or if you are using the online - there is no download - the task of adding a state component is part of the interview near the end after Federal review. 
You just have to sit tight and wait.  The IRS is woefully understaffed. 
You can deduct those costs as an employee business expense so long as there is no reimbursement anticipated. 
Ok...you say that you DID arrange it at the NC website.IF......you look at the page at this link again....the paragraph just above the pay buttons at the bottom of the page ( Who can I contact for assistance? )  has the telephone number and hours to call NC Electronic Services staff...http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Turbo Tax very clearly states that it guarantees 100% correctness on calculations.  So if there calculations were incorrect,  you can file a claim with them and,, if verified, they are responsible for any intereset/penalties  due to their miscalculations.  However, their calcs are based only upon your input and more probably than not, that is where the problem is 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2860415-i-m-paying-to-get-my-private-pilot-s-license-certificate-o...http://www.aopa.org/training-and-safety/pic-archive/aircraft-ownership/business-justification-flight... 
If you used the 2014 TurboTax online Free edition and did not pay for either the Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business edition for 2014, then follow this procedure - You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
If you get a 1099-S from that payment you will need to report it but your basis in the home is likely to be larger then the amount you received and you will not owe tax. You will not be able to take a loss either since it was your residence not an investment.
How did you prepare the return?If you prepared the return in desktop software (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF or the *.tax data file.   If you used that version, then search your computer for any file ending in *.tax and/or the PDF file.   If you prepared the return online, however, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2006.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online 
The 465(d) carryover means that last year your business had a loss and you checked that you were not at risk.If you truly were not at risk last year, then the carryover is probably correct.However, that doesnt apply to most people.  Most people are at risk, and that loss should have been allowed last year.  If that is the case, you should amend your tax return last year to correct things.See this link to see the few things that qualify for not at risk.  If those dont apply, you are at risk, and should amend last years tax return to correct it.https://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040sc/ch02.html#d0e1674 
each state has its own version of the equivalent of 1040x to make corrections on an already filed state tax return. 
You must first pay the TT fees with a debit, credit or prepaid card. You can then select to get a paper check in the File section 
You mean 2015 taxes.You can check your efile status here anytime: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Have you confirmed that your tax return was accepted? https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspHave you checked the status of your refund on the IRS web site? www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.htmlCheck your state tax website for the status of your State refund. 
No you do not have to amend at this time. Once your tax return has been excepted or denied, at this time it gives you a chance to change information. 
He cannot claim you or them unless you all lived with him all of 2015 (and meet other requirements).File your own return, claim the children, and submit your return by mail.  The IRS will sort it out 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Certainly you should be treated as an employee of this couple.http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2014/04/12/taxes-irs-nanny/7123399/Id expect that they also will not issue you a 1099-MISC, either.Youll report your income on Schedule C.  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sc.pdfYoull use your own records to report the appropriate amount on line 1 (Gross receipts or sales).  Any expenses you incur providing this service - minimal, Id think - will also go on Schedule C.  The bottom line of Schedule C on line 31 (Net profit or (loss) will then flow to line 12 of Form 1040 (Business income or (loss). Attach Schedule C or C-E).In addition to income taxes you will also be charged Self Employment Tax (Social Security and Medicare) at roughly a 15% rate.  However half of this tax will serve as a deduction on line 27 (Deductible part of self-employment tax) in determining your actual taxable income.You will need to use TurboTax Home and Business to prepare your 2016 income tax return if you use the online product as thats the only version that supports Schedule C.  All desktop versions include Schedule C.Because you will be receiving income against which there will be no tax withholding you might have to send in Estimated Taxes to the Treasury Department.  (The US income tax system is a pay as you go system and most people pay as they go by having taxes withheld from their paychecks.  People with significant income from which there is no withholding generally have to write checks and submit estimated tax payments to the Treasury.)  Estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly generally on 4/15, 6/15, 9/15 and 1/15 of the following year.  (The 4/15 date is not a problem for you since youve not yet earned any income from which taxes havent been withheld.)Assuming you used TurboTax for your 2015 income tax return you can use that program to see if you need to pay estimated taxes in 2016:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900956-can-turbotax-calculate-the-estimated-payments-for-next-yea...Tom Young 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Yes, any distribution must be reported on a 1099-R.   You should be able to get a copy form the IRA custodian or it might be on their website if you have an online account.You probably should answer the IRS letter at the address on the letter and attach an amended 2014 tax return properly reporting the 1099-R to a copy of the letter rather than just explaining it. See this TurboTax FAQ for help with amending:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filedEnter a 1099-R  here:Federal Taxes,Wages & IncomeIll choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement Plans & Social Security,IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R).OR Use the "Tools" menu  (if online version under My Account) and then "Search Topics" for "1099-R" which will take you to the same place.Be sure to choose which spouse the 1099-R is for if this is a joint tax return.Be sure to pick the correct 1099-R type:  Standard 1099-R, CSA-1099-R, CSF-1099-R, RRB-1099-R.One of the follow-up questions will ask about prior year Roth contributions and conversions.   Your own contributions will not be taxable.    TurboTax will automatically create the 8606 form to show the non-taxable basis that will be part of the amended return.   Be sure to attach a copy of the 1009-R. 
Another option, is do you have any relatives in a state that has no income tax?  Those would be Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. If so, since you have no idea where you would reside if you ever returned, I would recommend using one of those states as your permanent address if your family member is ok with that.Interesting to see the Netherlands on the forum.  I grew up in Wassenaar as a kid (K through 8th grade).  Great experience and memories and would love to go back someday. 
You get no tax benefit from itemized deductions until all of them together add up to be more than your standard deduction.2015 Standard DeductionTaxpayer under 65, not claimed as a dependent$6,300 for Single$12,600 for Married Filing Jointly, or Qualifying Widow(er) with dependent child$9,250 for Head of Household$6,300 for Married Filing SeparatelyFor over 65 or blind, add $1,250 for each instance or add$1,550 each instance if single and not a surviving spouse.Be aware that medical deductions are limited to the amount of deductions that exceed 10% (under 65) or 7.5% of your AGI, and most Miscellaneous Itemized deductions are limited to the amount that exceeds 2% of your AGI.
A phone call that the caller says is from the IRS is a scam.  The IRS does not initiate telephone calls or will email a taxpayer.  All correspondence with the IRS is through the US mail.  See this IRS website for telephone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/Phone-Scams-Continue-to-be-a-Serious-Threat,-Remain-on-IRS-Dirty-Do... 
You enter them both into TurboTax (as well as box 1 and any other boxes).In a Partnership (multi-member LLC), you are taxed on your share of  the Partnerships profit, not just what you actually receive.  In many cases, box 14 (which determines self-employment tax) will be the sum of box 1 (profit of the Partnership) and box 4 (Guaranteed Payment). 
This is the 10th question that you have asked, and we have already suggested that this forum is not the proper place for what appear to be homework questions. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901571-minimum-system-requirements-for-turbotax-windows-softwareAny chance youre running low on memory? 
This is what I was told by TurboTax in the past for these kinds of issues.Prior to purchase, the only way to detach the QBSE add-on is to clear and start over.Post-purchase, one has to request a cancellation of the QBSE add-on service by going to Customer Care at the QBSE website below:\n  https://selfemployed.intuit.com/loginIf you want to talk to TurboTax Support, heres how to get a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
you have multiple issues here -- (a) to be able to exclude $250,000 ( $500,000 Married  Fling Joint) of capital gain from the sale of your main home if you have owned it for 2 years  and have used it as your main residence for a total of 730 within the last five years ( from the date of closing the sale ) -- you would miss this because you used the property as your main home only for one year --even though you had move out because of job requirements; (b) even if you did qualify for the  two years plus 730 days , you still would have the problem of the look back period -- you are now on the third year after having moved out  { i.e. you have 365 days  applicable and need another 365 days usage within this next year }.  Therefore I would assume that when you sell this property , you would not be able to exclude any of the gain. Moreover, there will be depreciation recapture i.e. a portion of the gain will be treated as ordinary income. Just accept it and move on .   You can always delay the taxbite by doing a 1031 exchange ( for a rental property) but beside it costing upfront money to facilitate the  transaction,  you have no guarantee that the tax laws would not be changed so much that your position is significantly compromised --- it is a case of  being caught between  a rock and a hard-place. Been there, done that and I would say the decision of what to do rests with you and you alone. 
Since your amended return must be mailed and takes several months to process, your parents must mail their own return.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Amended-Return-Frequently-Asked...
If CA thinks you did not file , it doesnt matter if you think you did file.If you send forms with PREVIEW ONLY on them, CA may reject your paper return.Get blank 2012 forms from the CA website and transcribe your numbers. 
You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Sounds like youre in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account youre logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
Use Form 1040X to add or correct information on an already filed tax return. The latest form includes the year 2013. 
Every return starts out with the standard deduction already accounted for. When you start adding the itemized deductions that you have, such as mortgage interest and property taxes nothing changes until you exceed the amount of your standard deduction.https://www.irs.com/articles/2015-federal-tax-rates-personal-exemptions-and-standard-deductions 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Is your question concerning a Canadian tax return?  If so, this is the TurboTax US AnsnwerXchange user forum.  You will need to go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Are you married?  If not, your parents will still be able to claim you for 2016 unless you provide more than half of your own support for the year.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
Did you file your MN nonresident return first, and then your WI resident one?  Or did you move during 2015?Your MN return is not 50 pages:; most are probably just worksheets that are FYI. 
Check with the Social Security Admin, as they may have something different in their records. 
The TT free state offer ended back in March. Try here:www.taxfreedom.com 
You probably dont have to do anything. The IRS will detect the duplicate payment and send you a refund. Just wait a few weeks to let them take care of it. 
another reason not to use the Online version. Use the CD /Download version running on your PC instead. 
Calculation error can result from a posting error, so that the resulting tax calculation is wrong.The NYS letter should tell you what they changed, such as income.  Please call them if you do not understand what they did. 
21 days is just an estimate,. Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds 
Try this: Set TurboTax to run as an administrator:\nRight click on the TurboTax Desktop icon and click on Properties\nClick on the Compatibility tab.\nCheck mark the box to Run this program as an administrator\nClick Apply then OK\nRestart in Selective Startup in Windows to allow the updater program to run properly. 
When you say someone is a dependent, its not just a tax benefit for youyou are saying that you are financially responsible for them.  That can have consequences for the persons eligibility for public benefits, like food stamps (SNAP), welfare, section 8 housing, and so on. And now it has consequences for health insurance.
If you filed with Turbotax online, log into your account and check your timeline.  If you dont see your return, you are in the wrong account, see this to find your other accounts. https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery
I have been living out of hotels now for the last 6 years.I agree with Bill that a flat rate of $95 per day is likely fully taxable as it does not come under an accountable plan.  Even worse, if you are an itinerant worker, you may not have any deductible expenses.  As noted by the IRS If you do not have a regular or main place of business or post of duty \nand there is no place where you regularly live, you\n               are considered an itinerant (a transient) and your tax \nhome is wherever you work. As an itinerant, you cannot claim a travel\n               expense deduction because you are never considered to be \ntraveling away from home.Im assuming youre self-employed, not an employee.  If so, the perdiem should be reported as gross receipts from your business.
Line 3 is 11,000Line 6 is 5,125In this situation, Line 6 is NOT equal to or more than Line 3, so you do NOT skip Part III. 
See this FAQ:You should probably phone first, although you can set up an account at the Audit Defense website.  If you do email, do not send any sensitive info or documents since email is not a secure method of transmission.  They will tell you how to securely send/upload any documents they need.FAQ:  I bought MAX or Audit Defense and now Im being auditedhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4842227
You could even have multiple online accounts without realizing it.  Heres how to\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, passwords, etc.  You can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Sorry but no, TurboTax cannot merge accounts.    Were you ever able to log into the old account to get last years return?  If not, then to\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
What almost certainly happened is that you entered the withholding amounts separately, but you entered both W-2s as if they were for the same person, instead of one for you and one for your wife. TurboTax added them together because you indicated that both W-2s were for the same person. When you first start to enter a W-2 in a joint return, you have to indicate whose W-2 it is. The W-2 summary screen (Heres your W-2 info) shows which one of you each W-2 was entered for. Since you are using the CD/download TurboTax software, you can also open each W-2 in forms mode and see whose name is at the top of each one.If a W-2 was entered for the wrong person, that is an entry error, not an error in TurboTax.
Follow the instructions below for accessing prior years tax returns filed using TurboTax online:\n\nHow to get your 2015 tax return\nHow to get an older tax return\n
You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Youll have to print and mail your state tax return.  For security reasons, state returns cannot be e-filed separately using TurboTax. 
What you want is what TurboTax calls the Asset Life History. Its not available in TurboTax Online. Its only available in forms mode in the CD or download TurboTax software.You can download your tax return data file (the .tax2015 file) from TurboTax Online to your computer and open it in the CD/download software. Go to the following link for instructions to switch from TurboTax Online to the CD or download TurboTax software. If you have already paid for TurboTax Online for 2015, call TurboTax customer service and see if they will give you a free download of the software, since you need it to get the Asset Life History report.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you have not paid for TurboTax Online for 2015, and buy the CD/download software instead, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and tax data files of any prior-year returns and save them on your computer before that date.Once you have your return open in the 2015 software, switch to forms mode. Open the Asset Entry Worksheet for the asset that you want the Asset Life History for. Scroll down to line 14 of the Asset Entry Worksheet and click the QuickZoom button on that line to open the Asset Life History.The Asset Life History does not appear in the forms list, and is not included in the PDF of the return. You can print it by opening the report and clicking the Print button at the bottom. 
You will need to use the contact number at your state's website and ask them where your refund is. Once your state return is submitted and accepted, Turbotax has no other contact with your state tax agency. 
Respond in writing to the IRS explaining your error and that your tax return does not change in any case.There is no charge to submit a 1040X. However there is no point to submit a 1040X if your tax is not changing. 
You can Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
As epo39b said, first ask your parents if THEY had Marketplace insurance and received a 1095-A.  If they did, see these links:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...If parents did not have Marketplace insurance, call the Healthcare Marketplace and confirm with them that they do not have a 1095-A for you or your parents.  If they do have one, ask them to send another copy, then follow the links above.https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/If the Marketplace does not have a 1095-A for you, respond to the IRS letter indicating that you were not covered by Marketplace insurance at all in 2015, and that they must have incorrectly sent you that notice.  I would call the IRS about it AND respond to the notice in writing.  I would also include a copy of the 1095-B or 1095-C from your parents indicating that you were covered all year by non-Marketplace insurance.
If you filed using the desktop version (installed on your own computer) then Turbotax does not have a copy. You can get a transcript from the IRS. https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Tax-Return-Transcript-Types-and-Ways-to-Order-ThemIf you filed with Turbotax online, log into your account and check your timeline.  If you dont see your return, you are in the wrong account, see this to find your other accounts. https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n
A month is not a long time for many states this year.  Some states are taking several weeks to process refunds due to enhanced security measures and the increasing number of fraudulent returns.Your question was promptly answered yesterday in your original thread.  Did you not go back and retrieve the answer on how to check on your state refund?Heres the complete answer at your other thread on the same issue:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358352-i-have-t-received-my-state-refund 
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
All TT does is forward your banking info to the IRS. The IRS then takes the payment.  Please contact the IRS. 
Check here first:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIF your e-files were rejected, then you have to correct and re-submit.__________________________If your files were accepted...then you may have mis-entered something:What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the both the Federal and State ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheets.  (depending on whether you were to pay both...or just one of them)3) (Picture 1&2) Look at those sheets, and if it was possible for you to arrange a Balance-Due payment to the Feds & state with your tax filing, it will look like the pictures displayed here.  Re-check all the account routing numbers.4)  (Picture 3)  IF it was not possible for you to arrange payment with your filing, or you didnt arrange payment with your filing, then the Fed/State Electronic Filing Instructions sheet will look somewhat like the third picture.  Then you will have to mail in a payment, to the Fed/state, or go to their tax websites to pay. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 online return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Yonkers is a city in New York state. Yonkers has a city income tax. If you need to file a Yonkers return, it is part of the NY state return 
To file as head of household, you must be unmarried (single or separated at least 6 months), and you must pay more than half your household expenses, and you must provide care in your home for a qualifying person, usually a child who you can also claim as a dependent.Do you meet these conditions?  If not, you are not HOH.  If you do, the go back and review your answers in the personal info section, paying close attention to the dependent interview.  Post back here if you have more questions.We cant see your returns and dont know what your deductions are.  miscellaneous itemized deductions will usually be work mileage or other expenses.  To claim these expenses, you can only claim the amount of itemized deductions that is more than 2% of your adjusted gross income, and you must also have total of all itemized deductions that are more than your standard deduction.  You will need to compare all your tax info between last year and this year to see what has changed. 
This is a user-to-user discussion forum, not TT Support.You will have to first file an amended S Corp return, using TT Business (not Home and Business) and give the shareholders an amended K-1.https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/s-corporations 
review the income section of 1040 for erroneous entries. 
There is a glitch and TurboTax is working on it. See the following for the workaroundUnable to select None of the Above on Tell us about your Child Screenhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
If you are getting a refund from your tax return, you may want to do this in two steps since a fully amended return takes 16 weeks or so to process and would slow down your original refund. Your first step would be to change your tax return to just add the 1095-A. Use the steps at this link to do that: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3266092-need-to-enter-1095-aAfter you have completed the first step and printed and mailed the 1040 p. 2 and other documents, you can then actually amend your tax return to change the deductions. Follow the steps in the first step link again except when you get to step 5 select Continue instead of DO NOT select continue to actually go ahead and create an amended return form 1040X. 
If you filed online, you should be able to log into your account and download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets.  If your forms do not show the correct information, there may be a problem with the PDF.  You will need to contact customer support to correct this. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Try this,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993 
Email?  I wonder if that is some kind of scam.No matter how you filed your 2015 tax return, it is free to download or print copies at least until October 15, 2016.  Log into your account and check your timeline, look for all forms and worksheets, you can download or print the PDF.Turbotax 2015 will not be free to print if you have not filed your return yet -- you either need to pay to file, or you need to prove you qualify for free filing and get past the paid step.  Maybe you didnt actually file yet?  Check your filing status in your account or here, https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If you still need help, contact customer support. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n
There are a couple of tools you can use to help you complete a W-4.In TurboTax with your tax return open, type W-4 in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Or you can use the IRS tool at this web site: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/Or here is a link to another TurboTax tool: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/\n 
If this was a bona fide notice from the IRS (not a phishing phone call), check the year on the notice.  Its way too early for the IRS to impose a levy for 2015 unpaid taxes. 
If you have already filed your tax return and you received an IRS notice asking about those, you can have TurboTax make form 8962, but you will need to mail them to the address in the IRS notice.  See this link for details:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
duplicate post 
The state of Illinois should send you a notice within a couple of weeks explaining why they adjusted your refund and telling you what to do if you disagree. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
How do I change from mail to e-file?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3985787--------------------------------------------------If you choose to have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, you must e-file.  With the Online version, there is no charge to e-file.  The charge is for the return (in the Free Edition it would be for the State), the price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return.
I have been filing married in Texas due to common law marriage. I am not legally married.You are legally married.  If married under common law rules you are just as married as if the ceremony was performed by a judge.I have recently moved to Mississippi and they do not represent common law marriage. Do I still file as married in 2016?\n\nYes, you still file as married.  Each state respects marriages that occur in another state - including common law marriage.  You would be considered married in Mississippi because you were considered married under the laws of  Texas, and would continue to be married until (and if) you are divorced. 
If someone is qualified to claim you then you have to check that box on your return.  Go to Personal Info - then click Edit by your name and scroll down to #3.If someone wrongly claimed you (or accidentally) then you will have to mail in your return to claim yourself. 
How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question during business hours.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n\n
Just go into your TT account, and look at your tax return..
duplicate post 
https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-CP2000-Notice 
Property taxes on your main home should all be added together before you enter them on your Federal return in TurboTax. If you do that, the amount transfers to your state return as one amount. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
Your Tax ID Number is your Social Security Number or ITIN. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for payment of the TurboTax fees if your federal refund is delayed and you chose the optional Refund Processing Service to pay the TurboTax account fees from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\nHow do you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing fees?\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\nIn addition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\n
If you used the Desktop CD/Download program then the only copies are/were on your computer and if you didn't make a backup they are gone.  If you used the Online web version you can download them again.  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html
For assistance recovering TurboTax Online account user ids and passwords, or finding out how many TurboTax Online accounts you have, use the following resources. how many TurboTax accounts do I have?  forgot-your-turbotax-online-user-id-or-password  Also see:https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/How-to-Get-a-Transcript-or-Copy-of-a-Prior-Year-Tax-Return
You must pay the TT fees first. 
no the system will do it for you. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
What are internal options?  Whats more important here is whether these are ISOs or NQSOs.  If these are ISOs then the $39 per share spread is an AMT preference item if you dont sell in the year of exercise so your chance of falling into the AMT is is greatly increased.You havent provided enough information here for anyone to answer with any confidence your questions, and the AMT - as well as regular taxes - is so maddeningly complex that seat of the pants and back of the envelope answers are just completely unreliable.Since you seem to be using a desktop version of the program Id advise preparing an income tax return with your best estimates of 2016 income, deductions, withholding, exemptions, etc., etc. and then exercising your options and see what happens.  Work through the AMT interview and review Form 6251 to see how close you are to AMT territory or how deep youre into AMT territory.  If the options are ISOs then try this both with and without selling by the end of the year to see how AMT calculations are affected.  Try permutations of exercising some or all of the options and selling some or all of the resulting shares.  Remember that the exercise of NQSOs creates compensation income that needs to be taken into account, and that the sale of stock acquired via ISOs also can create compensation if the sale is a disqualifying disposition.Youre going to have to educate yourself and put some effort in to answer your own questions.  Or, go see a competent local income tax pro.Tom Young 
You did not print a second copy after you printed the the first to mail to the IRS?  Download the PDF of your return to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
It shows your actual income.  You must file a MI nonresident return, and then an OH resident one.Going forward, you do not have to pay Michigan income taxes on your wages. You would submit exemption Form MI-W4 to your employer. In other words you should have had only Ohio taxes withheld. 
Here are some Tax Planning tools https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools TaxCaster, free tax calculatorhttp://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster   If you are using the Online version, do NOT change anything on your return.  You would have to start with a new account and do a test return.  You don't have to pay unless you want to print it out.If you are using the Desktop Software there is also a What-if worksheet. Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right (left for Mac). Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet.  Or you can copy your file with another name and test in the copy.  Go to FILE-SAVE AS. 
Tyr calling the phone number on the letter you received. The IRS is processing a lot of these forms, and only they can tell you how long it will take. 
Gifts are not reportable or taxable by either the giver or receiver of the gift.     Neither is sharing living expenses which is what this sounds like. 
That is likely the routing/account number for the bank that issues the NetSpend card. Have you received and activated the card?  If so, the refund should now be on it.Please contact NetSpend directly at 1-855-646-8848 with any questions. 
Go to the Personal Info tab, and edit them there. 
You might have a copy of the tax return as a PDF file in the TurboTax folder. 
Please review the actual 1099-R forms for those years. Is Box 2a (taxable amount) blank or says unknown?  If so, you are supposed to leave it empty, and then answer the questions so that TT can calculate the taxable amount.  If you entered a zero instead, that was wrong, and the program said it wasnt taxable.Or, you may have misanswered a question re any non-taxable basis in the plan, or if you did a rollover of some kind. 
Here is the IRS information on taxation of non-resident aliens:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Taxation-of-Nonresident-Aliens-1 
Since you are a W-2 employee, you will have Federal, State and perhaps Local taxes withheld from your pay, as well as Social Security and Medicare payroll taxes.  You may also have other statutory deductions, such as workers comp insurance premiums deducted.  Once you answer the questions above, we can advise you further. 
TurboTAX CD has two save options, Save As... and Save as PDF.Most likely, TurboTAX Online has the same two options. Pick Save As... to get a tax file. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for information on the Preview watermark - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-onlyPreview Only watermarks can also occur on prior-year PDF copies, but will only cause problems if youre trying to paper-file the PDF. In that case, you will need to contact us for assistance.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return.
Duplicate. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358895-and-as-i-have-told-you-a-phone-is-not-available-to-me-ive-...
YES, You were present in the United States and either received a green card during the calendar year or passed the substantial presence test during the calendar year, but were not present for the entire calendar year, or were an exempt individual for part of the year. You are considered a resident for tax purposes from the first day during the year you entered the United States or were not an exempt individual, and a non-resident prior to that. You are considered a dual status alien and should file a dual status return. This is a combination of Form 1040 and Form 1040NR. Special rules apply to dual status aliens.SUBSTANTIAL PRESENCE TEST\n\nYou will be considered a United States resident for tax purposes if you meet the substantial presence test for the calendar year. To meet this test, you must be physically present in the United States (U.S.) on at least:\n31 days during the current year, and\n183 days during the 3-year period that includes the current year and the 2 years immediately before that, counting:\nAll the days you were present in the current year, and\n1/3 of the days you were present in the first year before the current year, and\n1/6 of the days you were present in the second year before the current year.\n\n\n\n\nIf you qualify Substantial Presence Test you need to pay tax as a U.S. Citizen.
You will have to report it. The part that is taxable is the difference between the value on the date of your mothers death, and the price you receive.  Which may not be much, depending on when you inherited and when you sell.  You should document the value on the date of her death with a qualified real estate appraisal.In turbotax, you would enter it on the income page for Sale of stocks and other things.  This is an other thing -- not a second home, which is something different.  You will be asked about your cost basis (which is half the value on the date of her death), the date you acquired ownership, how you acquired ownership (inheritance), date of sale, and amount received.  The difference between your cost basis and the amount received will be taxable as long term capital gains.Note: this answer only applies if you never lived in the home as your personal residence after you acquired ownership.  If you did, its a little more complicated, write back with more details. 
TurboTax Business is Windows-only.  There is no MAC version. 
Not sure what you are talking about. 
If you are clicking on Upgrade and the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You cannot efile a prior year return using TurboTax. You can prepare a 2012 tax return by buying and downloading to your computer the 2012 tax program. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/It must be printed and mailed after you prepare it.TurboTax no longer supports tax year 2011. You would have to find another provider who can prepare a return for that year or you can download a 2011 form from the IRS and prepare it yourself. Here is a link: http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html?value=1040&criteria=formNumber&submit... 
Please see this:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/individuals/faq/ivr/621.shtml 
visit your states revenue website for a contact number; call them to track down what happened to your prior year tax return. 
Yes, there is a $34.99 fee to have the $29.99 fee deducted from your refund.  Your age or income has nothing to do with it. 
Yes, there is a penalty.  Its runs from $50 up depending on the situation.  See page 17 here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1099gi.pdf 
Cashing or depositing a check will depend on local bank rules.  You will have to ask a local bank or other financial institution.  The IRS issues checks when there are problems with the direct deposit such as a bad account number or account owner different from taxpayer.  There is no way I know of to get the IRS to take the check back and pay you electronically.  You will have to figure this out on your own.
No, TurboTax does not guarantee that you will get your refund within a certain amount of time. They cannot make such a guarantee because TurboTax has no control over when you get your refund. The IRS determines when your refund will be paid. The IRS says that they pay 9 out of 10 refunds within 3 weeks. Yours is apparently the 1 out of 10 that takes longer. Only the IRS can tell you why your refund is delayed or when you will get it. TurboTax has no information about it. 
duplicate post 
Your refund is on hold with our partner, Santa Baraba Tax Products Group. This is because you selected the Refund Processing Service to pay your TurboTax fees with your Federal refund. They have put your refund on hold most likely for security reasons in an effort to curb tax fraud. SBTPG does have email support available and you can reach them by following this link: http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/requests/new.
Follow the instructions in the 5071C letter you received from the IRS.  Also see this IRS website for the 5071C letter - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter 
As VolvoGirl said, You must have said you have a cost basis or contributed after tax money to it at some time in the past.If you dont have a basis you have to clear that info in TurboTAX.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 
If youre not a legal resident of Illinois then you dont owe taxes there.  Just the fact that your investment accounts are managed by someone in Illinois does not make the dividend income sourced there.Tom Young 
However, I also pay bills etc. out of the office.  The Home office must be used regularly and exclusively for business.  I suppose you could do your personal bills in one corner of the office, and not count that space as being used for business.
See this previous TT answer for Colorado:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3330600See this page for IRS payment options: https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
If your return(s) have been accepted, you can check your Federal refund status on the IRS website, Wheres My Refund\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf you have a\nState refund click on the following link, then\nclick on your State to go to their website where you can find refund\ninformation\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund
Normally, the IRS will not set up a payment plan for that small of an amount. Did you pay the taxes when you filed? 
already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3357231-what-happen-to-my-refund-it-s-been-almost-3-months-since-i... 
Approved, accepted or authorized?https://www.ftb.ca.gov/individuals/faq/ivr/621.shtml
\nSign back into your TurboTax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect  the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)\nIf you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.\n 
If the parent (GF) is required to file a return, then the children would be her qualifying children.  Thus, they cannot be your dependents.Was I supposed ti have claimed my girlfriend too.You cannot if GFs income was more than $4000.\n 
We seemed to have gotten to the bottom of it.  But dont know what exactly happened or how that amount got entered as a payment. 
I removed the address from your question since this is a public Internet forum.   For your privacy/security please do not post personal info in the forum.In the Online version, you cannot see the smart worksheets.  I just looked in the desktop edition to view a Form 8829 and associated smart worksheets.    Line A of Line 8 Smart Worksheet  appears to be Enter the date you began using this home office for this business.When you entered your home office info, did you not enter the date that you began using it for that business? 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
No.  If you used the Desktop CD/Download program then the only copy is on your computer.  You should save it as both the .tax2015 and as the pdf file.  And save frequently, go to FILE - SAVE and FILE - SAVE TO PDF.  And backup frequently to a flash drive, etc.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If you filed your prior year returns with the Online version:How do I get a copy of a return I filed in TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525----------------------------------------------------What if I need a prior-year TurboTax Online return and Im not using TurboTax Online this year?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5459366------------------------------------------------------------------------If you used the CD/Desktop version of TurboTax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. You can also get a free transcript of your return from the IRS: http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or you can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, select this link to find out how to get it: http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html
Thats a start.  Does your girlfriend get mail at your address?  What about her drivers license?  Copies of those along with the birth certificate (to show she is the mother, and lives with you) would work well.Does the child get medical bills or some other mail at your address?  That would be ideal.  Does the child go to daycare?  If so, can you get a statement from the daycare provider? 
TT refund dates are only estimates anyway.Go to the IRS website. 
TurboTAX wont let you print your return until you have paid the fee. You can obtain all the blank writable PDF tax forms at www.irs.gov.If your return is simple enough you should be able to glean the necessary information from what TurboTAX is telling you so far. 
Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/S-Corporationshttps://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/S-Corporation-Compensation-and-Medic...https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Self-Employed 
Yes, you need to file an amended return, including form 1040X and schedule C. Youll need to do schedule SE also. Send the amended return to the IRS office that sent you the notice. How to amend https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Probably not. For most people, it only takes $4000 of tuition to claim the maximum tuition credit. If box 2 (or box 1) of your first 1098-T was $4000+ more than box 5, you probably dont meed to amend.Check you form 1040 or 1040A. If line 68 of form 1040 (line 44 of form 1040A is $1000, you have already received the maximum credit. 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.
First wait until the 1st amended return has been totally processed.   You can check the status here:You can check the status of your mailed amended return at this link but allow 3 weeks after mailing before checking. http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1Unfortunately TurboTax does not have any provisions to amend an amended return - it can only amend an original return.    Amending a second time is anything but simple.The trick is to make TurboTax think that it is amended an original return.  This is almost impossible to do with the online versions and requires the desktop software.You need to start with a copy of your tax file exactly as it was filed before the first amendment was done.   Then add to that the changes that the first amendment made as if it was the original file containing the corrections in the first amendment.  Now you have an original  tax return that contains the first amended data.  Print that return for filing so TurboTax thinks you filed that return.   Then start the amendment.  Now you will be amending the tax return as first amended.
Yes, the injured spouse form can either be filed with a tax return or after the refund (on a joint return) is paid (assuming it is reduced).  If you are still waiting for the refund and are only expecting it to be taken, wait until you know for sure.  Log into your account and get the form under Other tax situations.  You will have to print it out and mail it in. 
This is mainly a user community forum--not a direct route to TurboTax Customer Support.  Since you have been asking similar questions about this issue for the last 3 weeks or so, you may wish to phone TurboTax Customer Support and speak to them directly.    If you efiled the returns, TurboTax Support can tell you if they were accepted or rejected, or if they were not efiled.   To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
NOTE:Talk to TurboTax Customer Support to verify the email.  In the meantime, do NOT click on any links in the email or download any attachments.  There have been some phishing emails that look very realistic.  Only TurboTax Support can tell you if the email is legit or not, so its best to be careful.***********************Please phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday (they are currently closed) and let them investigate with you to see if there is any explanation for your notice or whether your info has been compromised.I will also give you a tool below to look for multiple accounts, just in case you started one somehow without realizing it.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041Go ahead and look for multiple accounts to see what you discover.  Even if you find more than one account, follow through and phone TurboTax Support on Monday so they can investigate why you received that email.  Of course, if you dont find another account, still contact Support to see what generated your email notice and if there has been any compromise.To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf that didnt come up with multiple accounts, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
A reimbursement for a totaled car is not reportable.  Im sure the car cost you more than you received so you have a personal loss, a loss that you cant deduct.  Theres no point in giving the money back to you dad.  If he wants to buy you another car simply have him write a check for the difference between your $15,100 payment and the cost of the new car.Tom Young 
https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Instructions-for-Requesting-Copy-of-Fraudulent-Returns
TurboTax does not have a copy of your actual W-2 form--only the information you entered into your return.  You may be able to print a W-2 worksheet. Have you downloaded your  2013 PDF with all forms and worksheets?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900831-print-a-copy-of-your-tax-return-for-your-recordsYour employer should be able to furnish you a copy of a W-2.  The Soc.Sec. Administration can also furnish a copy of a W-2, but there is a fee. 
The best way to respond is exactly as you described it here.Respond in writing that you are disputing the changes.Submit a copy of the 1099-R from your employer and point out that IRS is counting it twice.Your IRS letter will provide the details on how to respond. 
You mean 2015.On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return 
This is mainly a public user community forum so nothing account-specific can be handled here.  Please phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday (they are closed weekends this time of year), and they can investigate to see what you are being charged for.  And if anything is incorrect, they can remedy that.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
First check your status by logging into your account. If the screen does not give you a date of filing you may not have completed the process. Or you can check filing status here https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Once you have filed the return the Direct Debit info cannot be fixed ... so you need to make the payment by mailing a check or online at the states web site if they allow it. The state should be sending you a bill for the balance due soon and the payment options should be on it along with any penalties & interest. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
1.  Sign in to your Tax Timeline with the same login you used to file your return.\n\no   If you cant remember, go to the Account\nRecovery page and enter your email\nto get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.\n\n2.  Once youre signed in, youll see the tax\nyear(s) you filed under that login. Select the year you want.\n\n3.  In the Some things you can do section, click Download/print\nreturn (PDF).\n\no   Tip: Click Download all forms and\nworksheets (current-year\nreturns only) for all the calculation worksheets.
I would first contact the vendor and find out why they issued a 2014 Form 1099-MISC.  Once you determine they didnt, or that they issued one in error, you will have a basis for replying to the IRS providing them with the appropriate facts. 
you will get all your withholding returned to you - minus the $418 (tentative) tax due. 
when you amend, Form 1040X becomes your new tax return.If IRS got an extra 1040A tax return, it can be only because you sent it in. 
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639
in the topic list or Find box, look for proprietorship, sole and go to that section. There you can enter Cash Income. 
You cant deduct mortgage interest you did not pay.Does the situation change if parents gifted the money to taxpayer, who then paid mortgage directly?Yes. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779899 
I dont know which IRS page you have been going to.    You dont use the regular Wheres My Refund page for an amended return.This is the IRS page for looking up the status of an amended return:https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1It can take up to 16 weeks for the IRS to process an amended return, but it should still be showing up in the tool above at this point in time.   It usually takes 3 weeks after mailing to show up in that tool.The IRS FAQ page says IRS representatives can only research the status of your return if it \nhas been 12 weeks or more since you mailed your amended tax return, or \nif Wheres My Amended Return? directs you to contact us.It sounds like you mailed it about 12 weeks ago.  If you want to phone the IRS, heres how to reach an agent:IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 
You will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support for help with any account-specific issues.   To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
A 29.99 fee would be for either a state return or an upgrade to Free Edition with PLUS.  Is the IRS still processing your refund, and has not yet released it?    If TurboTax debited your bank account for that amount, that implies that you chose the option to pay the fee out of your Federal refund.  In that case, if the return is delayed at the IRS, TurboTax will eventually debit your bank account to pay the fees. In the FAQ below, read the topic What happens if the IRS hangs on to it for more than 45 days?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376Here are a couple of ways to view your fees.  First log in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.  Scroll down to Some things you can do.Click on View order details.If you dont see your fees that way, you can open your return back up to look at the fees.  Heres how:\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nClick on Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open back up.)\nOnce the return is past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then TOOLS.\nIn the TOOLS window, choose MY FEES.\nAlso be aware that if you did use that refund processing service, there is also 34.99 service fee.  The FAQ above says that TurboTax will still be taking the processing fee out of your refund when it eventually comes from the IRS.\n
Yes, if you are using the Online program you still need the Home & Business version and then you will have to enter the entire Sch C line by line into the Business section. 
The IRS website below says up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.  It may or may not take that long.  Theres no way to predict any individual case, but it will be several weeks.You can monitor the status of the amended return at the following website, but it wont show up in the system there until about 3 weeks after you mailed it.https://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-%28Form-1040-X%29/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1
Duplicate posting. 
No, you should never ignore an IRS letter.  You must respond in some way, treat this like a conversation.  The IRS asked a question and you must answer. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4490416TurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS\ntax letters, which will be easier than going through regular Customer\nSupport.   At the page below, click on the blue button that says\nGet Help from TurboTax Support.  Then it will ask you\nwhat tax year is your letter.  Then it will ask you what the letter\nconcerns. Then it will show you the phone number during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
See this IRS website for the 5071C letter you received - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter 
Hi there,The IRS is experiencing processing delays.  Heres more information:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.htmlI hope you find this helpful.  Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz 
TurboTax should generate IA Form 126 if you prepared your Iowa return as a non-resident.  Did you enter Iowa in the Other State Income section of Personal Info? 
If youre using the CD version you dont use an on-line account.  It is run entirely from the desktop machine that it was installed on.  Select the desktop icon the program installs and run it from there.
Line 79 is the estimated tax penalty.  Normally, if there is nothing there, it indicates that Turbotax has computed that you dont owe that penalty.(However, delinquency and failure to pay penalties are not computed by the program.  If any apply, the IRS will bill them.) 
\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n 
The IRS suggests you until your original return has been fully processed (refund received or payment cleared) before you amend your return.  Your original return is processed separately from your amended return, if someone else needs to claim the dependents you can file your amended return now.  Amended returns must be mailed.\n\nHow\ndo I Amend (Change or Correct) a 2015 Return with TurboTax?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064 
Did you go through the interview to prepare the estimated payments:\n\n- Federal Taxes   (Personal for Home & Business)\n\n- Other Tax Situations \n\n- Other Tax Forms \n\n- Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes  click Start or Update\n\n- On the Adjust How Much Tax You Pay - click No to skip changing your W-4\n\n- On the Review Your Estimates? Screen click the Review Now\nbutton\n\n- continue\nthrough to enter your information\n\n----------------------------------------------------------------------How do I print estimated tax vouchers for my 2016 taxes?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301458 
\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n 
Just go into your TT account, and open the state return. 
What you need to do to check is the following:1) Save a NEW copy of your tax return to a PDF file on your own computer.2)  Open that PDF file and look for the Federal ...Electronic Filing Instructions sheet.  (theres a separate state one, down in the State section of the PDF too if you had to pay the state)3) (Picture 1) Look at that sheet, and you to arranged a Balance-Due payment to the IRS with your tax filing, it will look like the picture displayed here.  Re-check all the account routing numbers. 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes
Did you enter your 1099-MISC correctly on your federal return? https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2901775-where-do-i-enter-farm-rental-incomeIf so, it should carry over to Schedule A, line 12B, of your Indiana non-resident return. 
1. When you entered the 1099-R,  one of the questions asked about rollovers.2.  The 20% amount you had withheld is considered to be a distribution, so it is taxable and subject to the 10% penalty. 
Please call the IRS. 
Just file your taxes as normal, there is no penalty for filing a late return when you are due a refund. 
Once tax season ends, TurboTAX will lock your tax return, so print a paper copy for your records when you file. As long as you are a paying customer in the same account (ie file through TurboTAX for 2015), you will have access to your prior returns for printing. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
The state may also be trying to verify your state withholding.  TT has neither your W2 nor your last paystub. 
no. do not try to remove the money or you will pay the early withdrawal penalty, and fail anyway.non-deductible contributions are a pro-rated fraction of your yearly  distribution in proportion to the total value of your IRAs. Keep your forms 8606 forever. You and your heirs will need them until your IRAs are finally depleted. 
wait to see what happens, IRS will probably correct your error for you.If you were getting a refund without the payment, why did you send in a payment ?
Answered in the comments 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Go to Federal taxes, Wages and Income.  Review your W-2 data entry, and be sure you have assigned each W-2 to the correct person. 
If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Federal student loans are discharged upon the death of the borrower.  All or part of the discharged debt may be taxable to the estate (see comments below).Note: the legal entity called an estate is automatically created at the time of death. 
Nothing for activities 2 & 3 are deductible, as the HOA is not a recognized charity.Mileage to and from the convention center and home and the parking fees at the convention center are deductible for activity #1.In TurboTax (TT), enter at:Federal Taxes Tab (Personal for H&B\nversion)Deductions & CreditsIll choose what I want to work on button -Scroll down to:-Charitable Donations\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n   \n-Donations to charities in 2014Theres a specific place to enter mileage. Enter Parking as other travel costs. Charity expenses are only deductible as an itemized deduction (if you usually use the standard deduction, you will probably see no tax benefit fro claiming these expenses) 
This is the USA forum, not Canada.
safe harbor depends on your tax paid , not your income. If you pay estimated tax at least as much as your total tax due last year, you should avoid penalty. You may still pay more now to avoid a big tax bill later.Your quarterly 1040-ES should be based on your income in the quarter and you will know that - approximately  - when you get there. 
these are often the unintended consequences of using that pay from my refund feature. Lesson learned, I hope. 
Log into the system and you can see all of your documents. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You will need to contact TurboTax support and speak directly to a Support agent for this issue.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
In order to access your return, you must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  \n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have\n 
If you paid back the full gross amount of your signing bonus, but the state and Fed both were paid witholdings, then what SHOULD happen is that you will get a corrected W-2 reducing your income by the gross amount of the signing bonus, but still showing the total amount of witholding including what was held from your bonus. This is making the assumption that you paid the money back in 2015. 
You can still access your returns. You must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  \n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have\n 
\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n 
The  IRS never emails you.  They only send letters in the mail.   So it might be a scam.  Don't click on anything in it or fill out any of your info.Unless you mean the email from Turbo Tax saying your return was rejected.  You actually get 2 emails from Turbo Tax.  The first email only confirms the transmission and the second email Accepts or Rejects it.First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
This is not billing.  Please stick to your other post which was answered.  You have to call in and talk to billing during the week when they are open.  So not until Monday.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3359130-i-need-to-speak-to-a-representative 
Your use of equipment for charitable means, should not effect the depreciation. In addition, the value of the donated services can be used as a charitable deduction for the business. 
The 2015 amended 1040X return has been available for a long time, since early Feb I think.   How to amend 2015https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064 
Just file your full return as normal.  If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid 
Theres a Change Product  button on this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900547-how-do-i-update-or-confirm-the-info-in-my-turbotax-advanta... 
If you did not report the sale of your home, you may need to amend your 2014 tax return to report it.  If it was your principal residence for at least two years, it will probably be tax-free.However, be sure to read the IRS notice carefully, and respond to it in whatever way it asks you.  You may ONLY need to send a copy of the amended return in response to the IRS notice, or you may need to send a copy of the amended return IN ADDITION to filing your amended return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 
Double check that you are typing the password correctly, that Caps Lock and Num Lock arent in the wrong position, etc. 
Did you enter any self employed health insurance under schedule C?  If you couldn't use it all there then the difference goes to schedule A.  Self-employed health insurance deduction goes on Form 1040 line 29, as long as the expense is not greater than your net self-employment income. If it does exceed your net self-employment income it gets split automatically. An amount equal to your net self-employment income goes on Form 1040 line 29, and the remainder gets added in to medical expenses on Schedule A. Did you buy health insurance from the Marketplace exchange?  Or have to pay back the subsidy?  If  you went to an exchange for Health Insurance, and had to pay back some of the subsidy, part of the adjustment will flow to Schedule A.If you get Social Security benefits the medicare deduction on your SSA-1099 will flow to Schedule A. 
If you havent filed yet you can go back and change anything you want.  What do you need to change?  After you change something you have to step though to the end of that section. 
Did you file your 2014 return late? If you filed late then try putting in zero for the AGI.   If you can't get it to go though you should give up and mail it now. 
Only you can look over your return and check that.  Did you have a profit or loss on schedule C for business income?  Did you have any other income?  It's possible for the credits to wipe out any regular tax.  But better check line 57 for any self employment tax.  You should still owe for that.To preview your Online return, go to My Account at the top.  Then Tools, then View Tax summary.  Then you can click on Preview My 1040 at the top.  AGI is on line 37 at bottom of first page.OR click Review near the top of your screen, and then click Summary right below it.  Then Near the bottom of the We Guarantee Your Maximum Refund screen, click the Preview Return link. 
No, not if you get a refund. 
https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri  8am-5pm Pacific Time 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3213615-insolvency-worksheet 
Follow the instructions below for accessing prior years tax returns filed using TurboTax online:\n\nHow to get your 2015 tax return\nHow to get an older tax return\n 
If you go to the "File" command in the upper/left of your screen, pick the "print" command.  That will display a print dialog box that enables you to select "all official forms for filing." 
Simply the amount of state income taxes that you paid to Georgia either prior to or with the filing of the original Form 500 plus add any subsequent payments you have made.
If you have a Turbotax advantage plan you can change your information once you log inhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900547-how-do-i-update-or-confirm-the-info-in-my-turbotax-advanta...
The injured spouse form can only protect your portion of any refund.   If you do not have a refund based on your own income then it would be of no benefit. 
You will find the IRS rules on charitable contributions in IRS Pub 526, at this link:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p526.pdf
PA is right. Severance is considered earned where the previous place of employment was. I know this from personal experience. Your resident state will give you a credit for tax paid to any other state, but since FL doesn't have an income tax, that rule will do you no good. I doubt that TurboTax will take responsibility for the mistake, but the accuracy guarantee process is explained herehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculations-guarantee
If you have a K-1 from the LLC business return you only need to upgrade to Premier to enter a K1.  You do not need to fill out schedule C for the business. 
The IRS has your return and only the IRS could provide any answer.The only outside help that you might get would be from the tax advocate service.https://www.irs.gov/Advocate 
Sorry you can only mail the state if you mailed the federal.  There are new security rules in place.  You can only efile a state return if the federal was efiled and accepted. 
You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
to do an amendment you need the original return, and the revised return, side by side.If you are doing it manually, refer to the Instructions for Form 1040X at www.irs.gov. It is pretty straight forward.If you are using TurboTAX, the idea is  to revise your return and TurboTAX will generate the Form 1040X for you. 
Sorry you can't do that in online version.  You only can do that in the Desktop CD/Download program.If you are using the Online version, do NOT change anything on your return.  You would have to start with a new account and do a test return.  You don't have to pay unless you want to print it out.  You can go though the Estimated Tax section which will prepare estimated payments for next year.  That may help you calculate what you might owe.  See the Turbo Tax answer on this post,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3323888-estimate-2016-taxes If you are using the Desktop Software there is also a What-if worksheet. Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right (left for Mac). Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet.  Or you can copy your file with another name and test in the copy.  Go to FILE-SAVE AS. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/General-ITIN-Informationhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw7.pdf 
TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
The bank name doesnt matter.  As long as the routing and account number are correct, youre fine. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You are in the US site right now.   Canada    http://turbotax.intuit.ca/tax-software/index.jspCanada Support   https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3334211-i-need-to-file-fed-state-for-2010-2011-2013-how-do-i-go-ab... 
How did you do federal?  You can only efile the state if the federal was efiled and accepted first from the same account.  If not you will have to mail the state.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4232481 
A VERY common mistake that people make is filing an amended return before the original has processed. This causes everything to go in to a weird status. You may need to go in to your local IRS office or call them (i recommend a personal visit)  for assistance. Bring your original and amended returns with you. 
Or you can log into your TT account ,and print it at (say) a friend or family members home that has a printer. 
If you forgot your TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.
That's right.  Programs can not be transferred, they have to be installed.  You can download it again the same way you did it the first time.If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download If you can't find your download, use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/See this article on how to move your tax return to another computer.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901474-move-your-tax-return-to-a-different-computer After you get the program reinstalled the first thing to do before you open your tax return is to update the program and install any state programs you had. Then open your file. So you first might need to start a fake return to be able to download the state program (go to FILE - NEW).You reinstall the federal program -> run update -> download the state program -> run update. Then make sure the .tax2014 file is moved to new computer. Do not Open that file from the transfer medium. Do you have your tax return file?  It ends in .tax2015.  You need that to open in the program.  Or you will have to start all over.
Since he never claimed a deduction for business use of his home, and he never claimed depreciation, it does not affect the tax on the sale of his home.
You can pay directly here:https://www.officialpayments.com/pc_template_standard.jsp;jsessionid=0qSdOuu7szTt9nekRDKFoI1z.worker... 
\n\nWhat  you want to do is sign into Turbo Tax as usual.  Click on My Tax Timeline and at the bottom click on Amend My Return and the system will guide you through the process to make any changes.  It will ask you questions and will get you to the proper form to ammend.  Follow all of the instructions until the end.\n\n 
is under [age] 14 and has had an\napplication for asylum pending for at least 180 days.https://marketplace.cms.gov/applications-and-forms/exemption-application-instructions.pdf 
Efiling is free in the online products.  The fees are for use of the online software to prepare the return whether efiled or printed.  I dont know why it didnt let you efile; that could probably have been resolved prior to filing either here in the forum or through TurboTax Support..In any case, this is mainly a user community forum.  To discuss any account-specific fee issues, you will need to phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Since you did not earn any income in the US, you do not need to file a return.
If you used Online TurboTax that year and cant find the return in the 2013 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
No.  If the rental loss can be taken, it can't be deferred to a future tax year.
we have no affiliation with any outside surveyors. 
You dont have to actually finish and file a 2015 online return to unlock the 2013 tax documents.  You just have to minimally start the 2015 return and pay for it in advance.   If you havent started a 2015 online return, the minimum purchase is Free Edition with the PLUS upgrade (29.99).   Or you can start out in a higher edition if you plan to use Deluxe or higher to later prepare your 2015 return.Be sure you are in the same account as the locked returns--that you can see the 2013 returns in the 2013 Tax Timeline of that account.\nThen start a 2015 online return in Free Edition (or higher).\nOnce the return is started and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you can click on Upgrade at the top (no need to Upgrade if you originally started in Deluxe or higher.)   If youre in Free Edition, choose the PLUS upgrade if thats the one you want.\nThen you have to pay.  With the return open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return, and it should prompt you for payment.\n
1040X can only be filed on paper and mailed in for processing.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
We dont know what page you are looking at or where you are seeing that at this point in time.That edition is called Federal Free Edition, because it is the Federal\n return that is free.  Earlier in the year there was a promo that \noffered free State as well, but that has expired.  TurboTax has 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return.  It is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jspTurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (will likely require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 
Not sure what a "funding fee" is.  If itemizing your deductions, you can deduct mortgage interest paid, real estate (property) taxes and points/loan origination fees paid by you.   On a refinance, the points are amortized over the life of the loan.  Any other fees get added to the basis (purchase price) of the house, to compute any profit when it comes time to sell. 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open M-F 8-5 Pacific Time 
Do you have multiple accounts and cant find the right one?To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Turbotax follows the entries on Schedule K-1.  The amount of income that is self-employment income is shown in Block 14 (Self-employment earnings (loss)).  If your income is not included there, then the program will not consider it self-employment income as the individual who prepared the partnership return did not consider it self-employment income. 
If you purchased that program from Turbotax you must have done it some time ago.  Years 2011 for federal or state are not available.  2009 has not been available for two years.
Im going to guess the references to line 38 and line 40 pertain to the Form 1040, and that why was i able to skip ATM means that when you got to the first page of the AMT interview you were told Based on your information so far, you dont have to pay the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT).If my guesses are correct all I can say is that TurboTax is constantly calculating AMT in the background as you enter all the regular tax information and comes to that conclusion based on your own entries.  Offhand, and assuming that there are no AMT preference items included in that $157K, I wouldnt expect that youd be subject to AMT.  I would think you could go to Form 6251 and decide that for yourself.  (I dont use the online version of TurboTax.  In the desktop version of TurboTax that I do use you can look at any tax form or schedule, even if that form or schedule is not part of your as filed income tax return.  Im assuming you can do the same thing in the online version.)As far as your question about taking $60K out of your IRA and whether that will cause you to run afoul of the AMT, you can best answer that question yourself.  The easy way would be to take your 2015 income tax return an add $60K of income reported on a 1099-R and see if the AMT pops up.(Again, not using the online version of TurboTax I assume you can do this without messing up your as filed income tax return.  Check to make sure thats the case.)Tom Young 
There is no extension available beyond that.Just file your return as soon as you can. There is no penalty if you are due a refund. 
You only pay taxes on money earned while a resident of the United States.   The system will ask you the appropriate questions to determine residency. 
These instructions dont work?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
The IRS error code is telling you that the PIN number or the 2014 AGI for your electronic signature in the File section of the TurboTax program is incorrect according to the information that the IRS has in their database.  You may have to print and mail your tax return if the return keeps getting rejected by the IRS.See this TurboTax support FAQ for this IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899926-e-file-rejection-errors-ind-031-02-or-ind-032-02-primarypr... 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - if the option for TurboTax Plus is grayed out then you are probably already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
Did you have TT fees deducted from it? If not, the IRS will be sending you a letter about why your refund was changed. 
Paying TT fees does not file the return.,  You must go all the way through the File tab and hit the Transmit button. 
Did you pay it as indicated here:http://www.dor.state.nc.us/collect/payment.html 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Not all states permit this to be done via TT. Look at the File tab in your PA return. It gives you the states options to pay your taxes due. 
Because it occurred in 2016, the transaction will be part of the 2016 information even though it was for 2015 income. You should discuss this the plan administrator now to make sure you both are on the same page as to the correct amounts etc...
As you work through your Alabama return, watch for the page titled About Your Retirement Distributions.  It will list your 1099-R forms, with the option to edit next to each.  Select the edit button next to the military retirement, then reply yes to the question on the following page.  That should exempt your military retirement from Alabama taxes. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Please visit the https://www.irs.gov/Refunds. You\nwill need your social security #, filing status, and amt of refund.  As\nyou proceed, there will be a message shows if the refund is offset. If the refund\nis offset, the IRS will mail a letter within two weeks. \n\nGenerally, if you\nhave defaulted student loans that\nhave been assigned to a collections agency, your taxes will likely be withheld\nby the IRS to pay off a portion of your debt.  The law states the IRS must\nprovide you with a proposed offset, and the opportunity for you to review your\nloan records.  This notice would be sent to you via mail, at the best\naddress that the IRS is able to find for you.  If you never receive this\nletter, it is not grounds for challenging the tax offset, although you can\nchallenge the offset for other reasons as you will see below.\n\nThe IRS provides a toll\nfree number which you can call, go through the automated prompts, and see if\nyou have any offsets pending under your social security\nnumber.  Their number is (800)304-3107.
You have 2 separate questions there ...  form 8801 & 8606If you are subject to the AMT then you will need to complete the 8801 manually to enter the correct amount on the 6251  as the program falls short on that subject.....  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3027712-i-don-t-have-form-8801And did you really mean the form 8606?  If you did then it only comes into play in the years you either make non deductible contributions or any distributions or roll overs. 
It goes to the bank that issues the NetSpend card first. 
If you owe back taxes, the IRS will take that from any current refund you are due.. 
https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/itsdeductible/
You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down. 
You have to either started or continued your TurboTax online 2015 tax return for the options under My Account to be available.When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return
A lot of times, if you are on an active case with the Taxpayers Advocates Office (TAO), they may have you send the return directly to them for special processing where they can issue you a manual refund. The best thing you can do is to contact your advocate directly and get direct guidance from them. 
If you are comparing the Online versions to the retail Desktop program they are different and have different pricing structures.  What version does Walmart have for $49?  If it is Deluxe you have to check if it is the Deluxe that includes a state.  Some Deluxe in the stores do not have a state (for states without an income tax).  If you buy the Desktop CD/Download program directly from Turbo Tax it includes the state program.  You can see the Desktop versions here to compare to Walmart,https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/But usually the stores do have it cheaper so buy  where you can get the best price.Here's some differences between the Online version and the Desktop CD/Download program.Online web version is only good for 1 return, federal and state are separate charges,  It is free to start, you pay when you file or if you want to print.  Price is determined at the time you pay.  You can pay anytime like if you want to lock in an early discounted price. You can not see the forms until you pay and print them out.   Online versions do not have the same forms so you may need to use a higher version to enter something.   Online returns are stored online and after Oct each year you might not have access to it.  So you should save and download both  the .tax and .pdf files each year to your computer.  You can check out Online here,   https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  The Desktop CD/Download program can do unlimited returns and you can efile 5 federal for free and Deluxe and above comes with 1 free state program download to prepare unlimited state returns but each state return (including the first one) is 19.99 (goes up to 24.99 in March) to efile or you can print and mail it for free.  You can see and enter directly into the actual forms.  Desktop has a What-If worksheet.  Your return is kept on your own computer so you will always have access to it in the future like if you need a copy or need to amend it.  And other features.  Oh, and you can use a lower version because all the Desktop programs have all the same forms. You can see the Desktop CD/Download programs here, https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Most people do not need to report a 1099-Q  (so an amended return is usually not necessary) if the distribution was used, fully, for qualified educational expenses.If the you claimed the tuition credit and/or the student received tax free scholarships, you may have to adjust the  amount of the 529 plan distribution that qualifies for tax free treatment. See details at https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2662573-where-do-i-enter-1099-q?jump_to=answer_4402991For amending instructions, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
If you did not transmit your tax return or it was rejected you can open your account and finish up now. You can still efile 2015 until October.  Check your status here. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf the time has passed for your first payment you can make a payment here https://www.irs.gov/Payments 
Sorry, but they cannot be combined. Pick one and stick with it.
Nobody here will call you other then scammers.You can ask a question in this forum (do not post any personal information) or call TurboTax tomorrow when they are open.You can call Customer Support this way.   When asked to enter a question do not say Refund or you will get information about tax refunds, say Billing Issue or something else.Numbers to call will only be available during business hours.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Be sure to so your identification verify that is holding up MILLIONS of tax returns this year at https:// idverify.irs.gov/IE/e-authenticate/OR# 1-800-830-5084Im gonna miss my daughter graduation because of this set back..ITS THE WORST :-(Hope this helps others!!
Here are the Mac System Requirementshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899173-turbotax-for-mac-system-requirements 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
If you did both returns on a single user name you would have written over the first return with the second and destroyed it. If you established a new user you can recover your user name https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
No. Thats a personal choice and not business related.For details, see similar questions at https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586426-can-i-deduct-living-and-travel-expenses-while-working-at-a...\n\n \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566731-husband-working-and-living-in-washington-i-am-maintaining-home-in-arizona-is-he-considered-on-temporary-assignment-where-we-can-deduct-his-living-expense
You cannot efile 2014 now. It must be printed and mailed. 
How to pay for 2015,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-feesYou go up to My Account and Print Center and say you want to print 2015 and it will make you pay first.
Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
\n\n\nAt the time, I was helping my daughter take care of the the kids as she went back to school while her husband was deployed. I am a resident of Nevada but used her address so I can get the IRA distribution check directly.\n\nireneinvegas a minute ago\n\n\n\n\n 
Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n\n\n 
TurboTax does not have a\ncopy of the W-2 even if you imported it.   It would only have a Wage and Tax Statement\nworksheet that includes the information from the imported or keyed in W-2 and\nemulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax\nreturn if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax\nyear the return was completed.  The\nWorksheet has all the information from your W-2 but it is not an exact copy of\nthe W-2.\n\nIf you cannot obtain the\nW-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a\nW-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836\n\nYou can get a free Wage and\nIncome transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf  however it will not have the State\ninformation on it.\n\nSee this IRS website for\ntranscripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nFor a fee of $50 you can\nget a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by\ncompleting Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf\n\nSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html\n\n 
When you go to Help - About does it say 2015 or 2014?  If you have 2015 it may be trying to find a 2014 file to transfer from.   You don't transfer or import your .tax2015 file.  You just OPEN it.  Did you try FILE - OPEN?  Did you download the .tax2015 from online?  Otherwise if you really got the 2014 program, Contact Customer Service to get the right one.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Try entering the full donation, go to the Forms view and see what showed up on 104-CR.  If it isnt half that full donation, then you should go back (or change it right there), to the correct amount of credit. 
One possibility for the error is that you inadvertently entered a payment you made in 2015 that was actually for your 2014 taxes.  Many people make their 4th quarter payment for a particular year in January of the following year. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have problems ... did the payer really withhold federal taxes in the same amount as what they paid you?  Not sure how that can happen but if they sent another 1099 then you must amend the return to make the proper corrections in your income if you havent already entered that amount on your Sch C. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Yes, you have to sign your signature on page 2.  It wont print with a signature on it.
TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  You will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for this situation.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
The\n bottom line is, we use the apartment like an office, and I dont know \nif the IRS will look at it differently than an office, simply because \nits typically residential. No one here could predict how the IRS would look at it but, based on your description, I would present it on your tax return as rent on business property, the same as if you were renting an office from a separate vendor.  With a deduction such as that, nothing beats good records that are often other than financial records.  I would keep a detailed contemporaneous log of each time the apartment is used and for what purpose. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
One suggestion:  Is it possible that you are already having all tax paid in through withholding or other means refunded?  If you are, a deduction such as a capital loss will not refund any more as you already have it all back. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Its not calculated behind the scenes. You have to enter your 1095-A. Its not clear why you didnt get the screen to enter it. After it asks you if you had a Marketplace plan, there are a couple more screens before it actually tells you to enter the 1095-A. Maybe you didnt select Obamacare plan (1095-A), or somehow jumped to another place in the interview.In any case, you will have to correct your tax return. If you e-filed, first wait to see if your e-file is accepted. If its rejected you can add the 1095-A at the same time that you correct whatever caused the rejection, and then resubmit it. If your e-file is accepted, or you filed by mail, wait until your return has been processed. You will probably get a letter from the IRS asking for your 1095-A, Form 8962, and a revised second page of your tax return. Follow the instructions in the letter carefully. See the instructions in the FAQ at the following link for details about how to respond to the IRS letter. In the FAQ click the link for the type of TurboTax software that you are using: Online or CD/Download.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571Also read the information on the IRS web site by clicking the link in the FAQ that says Understanding Your Letter 0012C.If your return is processed (you get your refund) without getting a letter, then you will have to file an amended return to add the 1095-A and Form 8962. You can post a new question here if you need help filing an amended return. I wont go into the details now, because you will most likely get the letter from the IRS. 
Before paying make\nsure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns.\n\nThere will not be an\nUpgrade link unless the 2015 return is open.  Heres how to open your 2015\nreturn back up. \n\n\n Log in and go to your 2015 Tax\n     Timeline.\n Scroll down to Some\n     things you can do.\n\n Choose Add a\n     State. (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return\n     to open up.)\n Once the return is open and\n     past the blue Simple and accurate screen, there should be an\n     Upgrade link at the top.\n Click Upgrade and the minimum\n     purchase is the Upgrade to PLUS (29.99).\n After upgrading, then you must\n     pay.  Click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\n Choose Print/save/view this\n     years return.  (yes, you must say this years in\n     order to pay.)\n It should then prompt you for\n     payment.\n 
Because it only carries the taxable portion of the SS benefits as required.  Review the federal return and the state return to see how that is handled.
\n\nYou need to purchase a personal version separately.To prepare a corporate, trust or\npartnership return you would need the TurboTax Business version. Business will prepare Forms 1120-S\nfor S-Corporations, Forms 1120 for C-Corporations, Forms 1041 for Estate or\nTrusts, and Forms 1065 for Partnerships. \n\nTo prepare a personal return, depending\non its complexity, you will need a version that prepares Forms 1040.  If you have a Schedule K-1 from either a Form\n1120-S, Form 1065 or Form 1041 you will need either the Premier version or (if\nyou also have an unincorporated business) the Home and Business version if you\nprepare your return on-line.  For desktop\nprograms, Deluxe can also handle a Schedule K-1.\n\n
Generally, you would not include your daughters income on your tax return. If you are claiming your daughter as a dependent on your tax return, then she will still need to file her own tax return if she had more than $5,800 of earned income (like wages from a job) or more than $950 of unearned income (like investment income from interest or dividends).  In this case, if the only income she had was the $300, then she would not need to file a tax return.   However, if there was some withholding from her paycheck, she may want to file his return anyway, to get the withholding refunded. For more information, please see page 4 of IRS Publication 501:http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdfAlso see:http://www.irs.gov/publications/p929/ar02.html#en_US_2011_publink1000203740 
From the sign on screen, choose I forgot my password link right in the box.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/ 
You wont see an exemption number on a 1040EZ.If youre single, and took your own exemption,  youll see 10300 on Line 5. This would be the equivalent of 1 exemption.If you didnt take your own exemption, youll see $6300 on Line 5.  This would be the equivalent of 0 exemptions.
First check to confirm that your state was filed and accepted ....Check Your E-File\nStatus on this Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\n\n\n\n\nThen check your states site for the progress ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n\n\n 
What if I entered the wrong bank\naccount for direct deposit?\n\nOnce your return has been accepted (or mailed), its too late to change\nyour bank account for direct deposit.\n\nIf the info you provided is\nfor a closed or invalid account, the government will just mail you a refund\ncheck.\n\nAnd if the info you entered\nhappens to be someone elses account, dont worry  banks wont deposit tax\nrefunds into accounts where the names dont match up.\n\nNow, if your recently-filed\nreturn is in pending status, wait until its either accepted\nor rejected.\n\n        \nIf rejected, simply open your return in TurboTax and go\nthrough the File section\nagain to update your bank account before re-submitting your return (dont\nforget to also take care of whatever problem caused the rejection).\n\n        \nIf accepted, youll get your refund check in the mail.
Proof of filing is irrelevant if the IRS says they dont have the return ... best you can do is print another copy and send it to them with the proof that you paid the balance due. You said we ... did you by chance switch places in the heading (taxpayer & spouse) by any chance ... this confuses the IRS when you do so it is always best to not switch when filing a joint return. TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639 
Heres how to pay for your product that you upgraded.  Make sure the locked returns are in the same account first.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nSince TurboTax thinks you finished, there will not be a take me to my return button.\nSo instead, scroll to Some things you can do.\n\nClick Add a State. (you dont really add one; that just opens the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, go to MY ACCOUNT at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER, then Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must choose this years)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.\n\n 
Those are itemized deductions.  You only get to deduct them if all your deductions are more than the standard deduction.  For Single the standard deduction is 6,300, for Married Joint it is 12,600.  Yes if you want to fill out Schedule A for Itemized you need to upgrade to Deluxe.  The Free Edition doesn't have deductions.
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639 
\n\nYeah ... that is temporarily broken ... you have 2 options .... first just go forward clicking adopted then ignore the adoption credit questions later in the interview .... OR .... back up and delete the dependent and enter them again this time ignore that section as it is not needed.\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
To get to Schedule C in\nTurboTax Home & Business:\n\n1. Go to Business at\nthe top of the screen\n\n2. Select Continue then\nIll choose what I work on\n\n3. Select Start next to\nBusiness Income and Expenses\n\n4. Proceed to enter your business\ninformation and answer the interview questions\n\n5. When you get to the Your\nBusiness page: Business\nProfile, Business Income and Expenses, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold etc., this is Schedule C 
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n
To print a return you\nhave already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:\n\n1.  Sign in to TurboTax Online, \n\n2.  Click Taxes\n\n3.  Click My Tax Timeline\n\n4.  Scroll down to 2015 tax year and look for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO\n\n5.  Click Download all forms and\nworksheets under your 2015 tax return You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
You cant purchase a prior year return in the online edition. The state forms are an attachment to the federal program so you would have to purchase, or already own the 2014 federal program. Most of the versions of the download programs have one free state included. If you meant 2015 it would be listed in your online account not in your downloads. Log in and see if it is there. 
Look at the form 8863 to see what is being allowed or not ... although if there is scholarships or grants in box 5 that exceed the tuition & fees so you have nothing for the credit to use.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301923
Several states are experiencing delays this year due to increased security checks and fraud prevention.  The FAQ below has a link that will tell you about the known states.Double-check that your state return was efiled successfully and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspTo track your state return, click on your state in the following FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064 
You must have misread the page about the PLUS feature ... After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax Online fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you\nupgraded to a more full-featured version like PLUS or better, added a state,\nand/or chose one or more optional services such as Refund Processing or Audit\nDefense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4241406 
Use the value of the property at the time it was inherited as the basis. Then, you can determine if your sister made, lost or broke even or the sale (using 50% of the basis as her interest in the property). You would have no tax consequences directly from the purchase.
http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/state-taxes-vermont.aspx
Oh, for 2013?  (you put 2003 at the top).  Actually in the Desktop Download version they all have all the same forms so you can use any version.  But Premier will have the most help for rental and Home&Business for self employment.  You saw them here?  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/But let's check about your small business.  Do you need to file a schedule C in your personal return or need to do a separate Business return like a 1065 or 1120 S corp?  Then you would also need to buy Turbo Tax Business which is a separate program from Home & Business. 
Paying the TT fees doesnt automatically file the returns ... you must proceed to the end of the FILE tab and transmit both the federal & state returns as the interview clearly instructs you to do.  If you have not yet filed you still can so do so now by logging in and completing the FILE tab fully. If you are getting a refund there are no penalties however if you owe then expect the IRS to send you a bill for any penalties & interest on the unpaid balance due. 
Will this help?  There is a bug on that screenhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
Perhaps TT is thinking you did not purchase an online version of TT.  If you bought TT on a disk from a retailer, then your TT program should have been saved on your PC somewhere.  Hopefully you saved a pdf copy somewhere on your PC also. Have you looked for it on your PC?  I am not 100% certain exactly what file it is you are wanting to retrieve, but if it is the pdf copy of your return, hopefully you saved it on your PC.  If it is the actual work file you entered your data into TT, then that work file should be retrievable on your PC when you bring up your TT 2013 tax program file.  I hope this helps answer your question. 
This is mainly a user community forum and nothing account-specific can be handled here.  For any credit card problems you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Note:  I am not familiar with the details of the US-India tax treaty, so the following is based on US tax laws without regard to any treaty provisions.  If you suspect the treaty does affect your situation, you may want to sit down with a tax professional that is experienced with reading tax treaties and/or experienced with India taxes.https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/International-Businesses/India---Tax-Treaty-Documents1)  It was a gift to you in 2009.2)  Yes, if you are considered a US Resident, long term capital gains will be owed.  They will probably be 15% (plus State taxes) of the gain.  However, it might also affect other things on your tax return.  For example, the extra income could reduce or eliminate some tax credits or deductions.3)  The cost basis is the Fair Market Value in 1962 (assuming your father was alive and gifted you a portion of the property in 2009), PLUS the cost of any improvements to the home after that.  Then multiply that by your ownership percentage.4) Unfortunately, yes.  Unless the treaty specifically says otherwise, you would owe US taxes. 
I dont know of any survey or drawing but it is possible. I hate marketing like that when there are so many scam survey companies out there. I hope you did not give any login information or personal info out.Maybe you can contact Turbotax directly and see if they do have a survey going on https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/  after 8am Pacific time.
You would need to file form 1040NR or 1040NR-EZ as a non-resident alien. Your filing status would be married filing separately (married nonresident), you cannot file jointly as an NRA.Turbotax does not support these forms, you can download them from the RIS websitehttps://www.irs.gov/uac/form-1040nr-u-s-nonresident-alien-income-tax-returnhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/Turbotax has partnered with Sprintax for nonresident aliens, but I doubt it would support your case since you didnt have a visa in 2015 
You report a capital gain on the sale of personal items (your parents dont have to report anything).In TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab (Personal in  Home & Business) - Wages &\nIncome-        \nIll choose what I work on ButtonScroll down to:-Investment Income   -Stocks, mutual funds, Bonds,\nOther (Personal items is other)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nAnswer no, when asked if\nyou got a 1099-B. then follow the interview. Report the insurance proceeds as the sale amount and what your parents paid for the car as your cost basis. The difference will be your taxable capital gain.Your situation is unusual. Was there some reason your parents were able to buy the car at less than market value, such as buying from another relative? 
Should be included on the SSA1099..On the screen where you enter Box 5 and Box 6 informationMedicare B and Medicare D entry points are just below.Will end up as Medicare Part B premiums..Only enter one time. 
Rather than rewrite a whole explanation, instead, Im pointing you to two sites where every possible question you, as a young small business operator, might have:179 Depreciation  VEHICLES:  \n\nhttp://www.section179.org/section_179_vehicle_deductions.html\n\n\nhttp://www.thetaxadviser.com/issues/2015/feb/tax-trends-01.html\n\nGeneral Discussion on topics on 179 Depreciation:\n\nhttp://www.section179.org/section_179_deduction.html\n\n\nIRS:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p946/ch02.html\n\n 
WELLLLL......, heres the issue, you selected Direct-Debit, but if you carefully read the filing instructions, you will see that the instructions tell you to log onto the NC-state website to arrange that Direct-Debit...because it is not arranged with your tax filing (The Feds allow it, but NC doesnt).TurboTax cannot arrange that NC payment for you with your tax filing........It can send in the Debit information to the IRS for anything you owe the USA...but it cant do that for NC..SO...if you owe NC....you can Either>>>>Use the D-400V coupon and a mailed check.....OR>>>GO to the NCDOR website and pay there.If you havent logged onto the NC website to arrange the Direct-Debit, you can do so now at:http://www.dornc.com/electronic/d400v.html
Apparently you chose the optional Refund Processing Service at a charge of $34.99 to have your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund instead of paying the fees with a credit card or debit card.  After the IRS processed your tax return they sent the refund to the bank of the Third Party Processor to have the TurboTax fees and Processing charges deducted, as noted in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2580357-who-provides-the-refund-processing-service (See screenshot)You will have to speak to a representative from the third party processor, Santa Barabara Tax Products Group, for the status of your tax refund.  Use this website for SBTPG contact information - http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
You will need to contact TurboTax again on this issue. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Reference a billing issue (NOT refund) when arranging a call back. 
There is no way to merge multiple accounts into one account. You need to contact TurboTax directly for assistance with getting returns in another account unlocked. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041 
Here is the IRS link to the instructions that you need for the form 8288. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8288.pdf 
You should have received a 1099-R for the distribution from the Simple IRA. Enter it in TurboTax and answer all of the follow up questions. One of those questions will ask what you did with the funds. 
\n\nThere is a glitch and TurboTax is working on it. See the\nfollowing for the workaround\n\nUnable to select None of the Above on Tell us\nabout your Child Screen\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132\n\n 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
There is no charge to e-file with the Online version, the charge is for the return.  The price is the same whether you e-file or mail in your return.With the Desktop version there is no charge to e-file a Federal return. 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri 8-5 Pacific Time 
Did you have your TurboTax fees paid out of your federal tax refund? If so, the refund may still be with the bank that handles the refund processing service. Here is a link to contact them: SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com 
The screen helps identify and new issues immediately up front that may be different from the prior year.  Select the items that have changed since you filed your 2010 tax return. 
In most cases, you must pay estimated tax to avoid an underpayment penalty if both of the following apply:1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax after subtracting your withholding and refundable credits.2. You expect your withholding plus your refundable credits to be less than the smaller of:a. 90% of the tax to be shown on your tax return, orb. 100% of the tax shown on your last years tax return for all 12 months.You can use TurboTax to help you determine how much estimated taxes to pay quarterly. With your tax return open, type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. 
The CD/download product has a What-If feature that allows you to do this but it is not available in the online product. The best you can do using online is to use the estimated tax payments feature. Open your return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to.Another tool is Taxcaster. Here is a link to access it: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/ 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Use this TurboTax website for assistance with the IRS notice you received - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
You cannot transfer from the 2014 PDF.  You need the *.tax2014 data file.You wrote:   I downloaded prior year as .tax2014--BUT PC will not recognize it. So you downloaded your prior-year return as an actual *.tax2014 data file?   If it only says *.tax you need to rename it to *.tax2014.  ( Do not rename the PDF to a *.tax2014 extension--that will NOT work.)Heres how to transfer the *.tax2014 data file into a new blank 2015 desktop return:\nLaunch your 2015 TurboTax program, and choose to start a new tax return.  You can do that by clicking FILE up in the top left corner of the TurboTax screen and in the dropdown choose New Tax Return.\nTurboTax will churn and search for the *.tax2014 data file.\nIf it finds it, it will ask you if you want to transfer it in.\nIf it doesnt find it, then you can use the BROWSE feature to point TurboTax to the file location.\nTIP:  TurboTax will most easily find the *.tax2014 data file if you put it in the My Documents\\TurboTax folder, which is the default location. 
No.  There used to be a tax concept called "income averaging" but that was deleted from the tax law a long time ago. 
You can remove a state by opening your account and following the rules here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3046526-remove-state-from-state-return# 
I agree. The IRS probably wants to verify the amounts that you entered into the program. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
As the error message says, you cannot enter personal information like that in any TT/state (well, you apparently can but you will just get an error message if you do). It must be entered in Personal Info. You need to delete the entry in TT/Calif so that it can transfer in from the federal return. 
Are these items previously owned by the partnership, manufactured by the partnership, or purchased outright to donate?A partnership is a special case, because the partnership itself does not pay income taxes; the income and expenses (including deductions for charitable contributions) are passed along to the partners on their individual Schedule K-1 each year. So, if the partnership makes a charitable contribution, each partner takes a percentage share of the deduction on his/her personal tax return. For example, if the partnership has three equal partners and it donates a total of $1500 to charity, the partners each can claim $500 of charitable deductions.Because the donation of cash or property reduces the value of the partnership, each donating partner must reduce his or her partnership interest by the value of the donation. For example, if a partnership donates office furniture to a charity, the value of that furniture is no longer owned by the partnership, so it must be taken off the books, which reduces each partners share of the total value of the partnership. 
If the only change you made to your return was to claim the education credit, you would mail the amended return form 1040X and form 8863 which is the form that has the education credit on it. You do not mail the 1040 form or other forms that did not change. 
\n\nHow do I review my fees in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202093
You need to enter your information from  your 1095-A form, then the program will generate a 8962 form.What do I do if I received an IRS letter about a missing Form 8962 on my 2015 return?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Im not a professional; just another taxpayer. If possible, make at least a small payment on whats owed, and file your return. The IRS will send you a bill for the balance owed and you can arrange a payment schedule for the remaining with them. 
You will have to report any capital gain on the sale of the home during the time you owned it. Your cost basis is the fair market value on the date of death of who you inherited it from plus any adjustments. The gain will be taxed at long term capital gains tax rate which is determined by your marginal tax rate. You will probably receive a 1099-S reporting the sale but must report it on your tax return even if you dont get a 1099-S. 
see here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2595494-my-wife-does-not-have-a-social-security-number 
If you havent already done so, run this tool to be sure you dont have more than 1 account, even if you dont think you do.  To get a list of your User IDs emailed to you, you can use this tool.  If you have more than 1 email address, you can run the tool on each one:   https://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jspIf, however, you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
The problem I see is this:As of right now, your parents have owned the home for 36 months of the past 60 months, and you owned it for 24. As of June, that shifts to 37 for them and 23 for you, so you would not qualify for the 2 out of 5 yr rule. But lets see what the SuperUsers think. 
If your first return was accepted you need to mail in an amended return to fix it.If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section.
Its impossible to say, since all such returns are processed by a human. So it depends upon their backlog, and whether they asked for the same info from someone else who claimed the same children.  It could be a few weeks,. 
I cant find any form or instructions on the DC website to fit your situation.  Id suggest calling them, or if possible visiting their taxpayer service center.  Heres their contact info & address:  http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/node/386702
How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number to call.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n 
Nothing you can do for now. Will be allowed in a later year. 
Its unclear what happened here, but I dont think you need to make an estimated tax payment using Form 1040ES.It sounds to me like you sold some stock acquired through one of the various employer stock incentive plans, like an Incentive Stock Option (ISO), a Non-Qualified Stock Option (NQSO), some Restricted Stock (RS) plan or an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP).  All employer stock incentive plans can and do create compensation that gets included on your Form W-2 and its the compensation that creates the requirement for withholding.  This compensation is the spread between what you paid for the stock - which can be $0 under some plans - and the worth of the stock when you got it.  Further, this compensation gets added to your out of pocket cost for the stock when you calculate your gain or loss on the sale of the stock.So if this was a same day sale, (stock acquired and sold more or less simultaneously), then even though you might receive more cash from the sale than you paid for the stock, you really have no capital gain from a tax standpoint when you add back the compensation income to your out of pocket cost.I dont know if this was a same day sale or not, but if it is, (or the sale occurred not too long after you got the stock), then you dont have any capital gain to worry about.  All you really have is compensation and that compensation has been taxed.Of course you might have held this stock for many years and the stock might have appreciated greatly in value over that time, meaning that you do have a significant amount of capital gain, a large chunk of income from which there has been no withholding.  In that case you might have to make estimated tax payments, or maybe not.  If you do need to make estimated tax payments then you pay just enough to make up for the income from which taxes have not been withheld.Tom Young 
Please see these instructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdf
Please be patient. The IRS goal is 21 days, but sometimes it takes longer.https://www.irs.gov/refunds/what-to-expect-for-refunds-this-year 
If you changed your tax return before starting the amended return process, you must change it back to the way it was when you originally filed it by making sure the box in Personal Info saying you can be claimed by someone else is checked. After you have done that, start the amending process and uncheck the box in Personal Info that says you can be claimed by someone else. After you have done that, you are ready to print and mail the amended return which is a form 1040X. That is the only form you need to mail. Make sure you sign it before you mail it. Here is a link to help you with the amending process: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
The amount of your payment with extension should have been added to your account if you filed your extension through Turbotax. That amount would show on line 70 of your 1040 form.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205781-how-do-i-get-credit-for-tax-payments-i-made-with-my-extens... 
First, you will need to make sure you are using accurate billing information. If the billing information you are entering does not exactly match the information on file with your credit provider, then our system will reject the transaction. Also, keep in mind that we do not offer support for any prepaid visa cards. If you continue to experience issues I first recommend you reach out to your credit provider to confirm accurate billing information. We also offer one on one support through both Facebook and Twitter. 
Notify the police, the IRS, your state tax bureau, and the credit bureaus. 
Please dont post personal information to a public message board.  Any stranger could call you and pretend to be from TurboTax and acquire personal information from you.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
The GA tax center is the only agency that can tell you when you are going to get your refund. 
No you cannot. The value of your time is not deductible, just out of pocket costs and mileage. 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ when receiving a Locked message for an online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-locked
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
TT Online has never had direct Forms access  You can view the completed forms, but must pay the TT fees first. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3259042-income-repayment
There is no way for anyone on this site to know how long the wait is. Someone said in another post that you may have more success by waiting until later in the week.
Thats a known issue - the workaround is here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358503-unable-to-select-none-of-the-above-on-tell-us-about-your-c... 
If you intend to report as deductible business expenses the costs of maintaining a home office, and likely filing Form 8829, then you might want to consider doing an estimation of the deductible amount and including that as a reduction of your Estimated Tax calculations.  However, if you dont, all that means is that at the end of the year, when you file your Form 1040, you will have overpaid your tax and be owed a refund. 
Please see this:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Alternative-Minimum-Tax--Common-Questi... 
TurboTax has no control of or information about your tax refund. That is totally in the hands of the IRS once it is transmitted to the IRS by TurboTax and is accepted. Only the IRS can give you any information about the status of your refund. 
How do I contact TurboTax?\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a telephone number.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n
You complete the original return just like you would have had you started here instead of going to H&R block. After you make your 1040 tax return look just like the one you filed and tell TurboTax that you are paper filing, you can begin the amended return. 
IF, and only if, you used BUSINESS TurboTax to file the corporate Form 1120s/c, then, while using the BUSINESS product, which is a desktop product and has nothing to do with or connection to the online Home&Business service you are using, you can download the NY state module. 
TT refund dates are just estimates. Check your state tax website.
TurboTax Support can replace your lost CD with a program download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Amended returns must be mailed. The Federal one takes at least 3-4 weeks to show up on Wheres My Amended Return, and a total of about 4 months to process.You may need to telephone NY State. 
You can report business expenses. You do not have to have an LLC or an official business. Independent contracting is a business as far as taxes are concerned.However, TurboTax Online Deluxe has very limited support for business income and expenses. When you start to enter your business, it will probably tell you that you have to upgrade to Home & Business. 
Send them a letter stating just that. Or did they ask for the 2013 Estate return?
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
Child Tax Credit isn't refunded, its applied against tax liability. 
No.  TurboTax cannot assist you with the letter 5071C that you received from the IRS.See this IRS website for a 5071C letter - https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter 
You can claim the sales tax paid in the Federal deductions section if you itemize. 
A copy of your return or to prepare the return?You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp Or you can check for  Turbo Tax for all years on Ebay or Amazon, etc.Either way you will have to mail in your return.  And if you are doing more than 1 year, send each year in a separate envelope. Sometimes the IRS will just staple all the sheets together and miss a second return.Or if you have a simple return you can get the blank forms from the IRS and fill them in by hand for free.  If you can't find them I have a list of them for all years
You are correct. The second 1040X should show the differences between the first 1040X and the second one. Its as if the second amended return is based on an original return that includes the changes that were made by the first amended return.Unfortunately TurboTax is not very good at handling second amended returns. Since you are using the CD/download software, hopefully you saved a copy of the .tax20xx data file for the original return, before any amendments. The easiest way to prepare the second 1040X would be the following. Make a new copy of the original .tax20xx file with a different name (so that you dont damage the original file). Open the copy and, without going through the amend process, make the changes that were made by your first amended return. You now have a dummy original return that incorporates the changes from the first 1040X. This dummy return is the base for the second 1040X. Now start the amend process and prepare the second amended return.You said that you filed the first 1040X very recently, at the end of April. You should not file the second 1040X until you have received confirmation from the IRS that the first 1040X has been processed. That could take as much as 16 weeks from when you mailed it.
Line 10 is not your problem; it would have already reduced your refund.If IRS reduced it further, something else is going on.Unfortunately, nowadays the explanation letter from IRS comes later. 
proceeds, the cost basis, or the gain Gain.See Form 8949 and its instructions, available at     www.irs.gov. 
Did you tell the IRS to keep and apply it from your 2014 return to 2015?  Is it on your 2014 line 77?Make sure you enter it on your return. It will show up on 1040 line 65 (1040A line 41). It will either add to your refund or reduce your tax.If it didn't transfer over from last year then enter a refund from last year that you applied to this year here.   BUT first make sure it's not already there.  You don't want to apply it twice.Federal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page scroll down to 2014 Refund Applied to 2015Click Start or Update by the tax you applied 
The preview is a PDF that TurboTax opens in Adobe Reader. Print it the same way you would print any other PDF in Adobe Reader. Click the print button on the toolbar, or click the File menu and select Print, or press Ctrl-P. 
contact the IRS as required ...  on that call you can give permission for the POA to speak on your behalf  or  they can file a POA with the IRS in advance .... https://www.irs.gov/uac/About-Form-2848https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Employees/Understanding-Your-5071C-Letter 
Did you have the Turbo Tax fees withheld from the federal refund?  If so the routing & account numbers are for the refund processing bank where the refund is sent from the IRS & state taxing authorities and then the refund is forwarded to you or placed on a Netspend debit card.When you choose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of the Federal refund that is handled by a third-party company called SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your refund from the IRS at one of their 2 banks--Sunrise Banks of St. Paul, MN, or Citizens/Civista Banking Co. of Sandusky, OH.  That bank sets up a temporary account for you to receive the refund, and then takes out the TurboTax fees.  It then sends the remainder on to your bank account in a second direct deposit.  If that deposit fails, the intermediary bank will mail you a check.You can check on the status of your refund at SBTPG by logging into their website at:https://cisc.sbtpg.com/Of you can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspxOr you can get live customer support during their business hours:   1-877-908-7228When you phone the live taxpayer number, follow these steps:When prompted, press 1 for English.When prompted, press 1 for current year product.At next prompt, listen to all 3 choices, then Press 3 to speak to agent.If you requested the NetSpend card .....  The refund needs to go from the IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to 3 business days. Check the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsCheck  SBTPG by logging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/Or you can get 24-hour automated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspxCheck at netspend :  NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.https://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml 
There is a problem with the TurboTax program for this information. They are working on a solution.That number was only an estimate using the target 21 day time from date of acceptance the IRS says they issue 9 out of 10 refunds. It was never a reliable guide for knowing when you would get your refund.You should be tracking your refund status using the IRS web site: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html 
It depends on all your other income.  Does the full amount show up on line 14a?Up to 85% of Social Security becomes taxable when all your other income plus 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly: $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately: 0To see the Social Security Benefits Calculation Worksheet  in Turbo Tax Online version you would have to save your return with all the worksheets to your computer.   Or if you are using the Desktop CD/Download Software you can switch to Forms Mode (click Forms in the upper right) and click on SS in the list on the right side. 
Ok.   All you can do is ask support (or buy them again).  Or look around more for the CDs.  Hey, are you on the Advantage program where they automatically send you the CD each fall?  Then they also put the Download in your account.If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download
The IRS can take\nas long as they want to process the return and there is nothing you can do\nabout it but wait patiently. They are processed individually these days so\nreturns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process together or in\nthe order they are received. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process\nin 21 days or less. However considering that the IRS processes more than 140\nmillion returns which means 14 million will be delayed for more than 21\ndays. There are no refund charts to refer to anymore so dont plan on\nyour refund being in your account on any certain date then you wont be\ndisappointed or overdrawn.  It is possible that you get a DD\ndate posted by the IRS and then a moment before the refund is released it\ngets put on hold while the IRS reviews the account which can delay it for\nmonths. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.  \n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the continued under\nstaffing situation and budget cuts the IRS had been subject to,  they\nare likely to be much longer again this year. \nIt\nhas been reported that some of  the delay\nthis year is due to the new anti fraud security screenings that were\nimplemented.\n\nhttp://www.nbcnews.com/business/taxes/new-tax-fraud-safeguards-may-mean-delays-getting-refunds-n5038...\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Individuals/New-Security-Safeguards\n\n\n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been filed and\naccepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to see where\nyou are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\nhttps: 
Turbo Tax no longer supports the 2010 tax year so downloads are no longer available. 
Did you already file with it on there?  You probably don't need to amend for that.  The IRS will catch it and adjust your refund or send you a bill.If you haven't filed yet, To enter or delete the amount paid with an extension go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paid 
The IRS commissioner made a statement at the IRS conference that I attended this past summer that the ability to go back and amend prior year returns to get the EIC & CTC will no longer be allowed starting in 2016 for any amended returns filed for prior tax years.If you put the 2015 return on extension and get the SS# by the time extensions are up then you can use the SS# however if you dont get that SS# by 10/15/16 then you cannot use it for the 2015 tax return.  Same goes for any open prior tax years that you want to amend. 
If you filed with TurboTAX, you are entitled to a printed copy (PDF format) of your tax return until October 15th. No Charge.  After that, your return will be locked.For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact Always make a print copy and keep it with your important tax records. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed and accepted:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
check received is less than what i was suppose to receiveYour refund may have been denied in full or in part for the following reasons: \nYou owe money from prior tax years so the refund you expected was put towards the taxes owed.\nYour refund may have expired.  Claims are only valid for four (4) years from when you originally paid taxes or the date your return was due, whichever is later. \nThere may be other reasons.  If you have questions or concerns about your refund, please call the Taxpayer Assistance department  at (313) 224-3315.\nhttp://www.detroitmi.gov/incometax 
There is nothing that you can do. If you are getting a refund, then there is no penalty for late filing. If you owe and did not pay by April 18, then you will owe penalties and interest, and the IRS will bill you  for it. 
Perhaps you saw that turbotax feature pay your state from your refund . That is misleading and you were misled. You cannot have your state tax paid out of your Federal refund automatically. 
As macuser_22 indicated, regardless of your intentions you have a 2013 nondeductible traditional IRA contribution and a 2014 Roth conversion.Youll need to amend your 2013 tax return to report the nondeductible contribution on 2013 Form 8606Youll also need to amend your 2014 tax return to report the 2014 Roth conversion.  Because you had basis in nondeductible contributions in your traditional IRAs form the 2013 contribution, the taxable amount of your Roth conversion will be calculated on the 2014 Form 8606, which will be less than the $5,500 that the IRS is proposing as the amount of your underreported 2014 income.  If you had no other money in traditional IRAs, that the entire amount will be nontaxable unless the amount converted included gains while in the traditional IRA.
Did your efile reject?  When you entered your child you should have selected THE WHOLE YEAR for how long she lived with you.  That is ok for newborns.  Go back to Personal Info and click Edit by her name and pick the Whole Year. 
No you do not need to amend if the numbers were just moved from one form to the other but never really changed. 
Probably not, but you do need to file a gift tax return (form 709). Gift Tax is somewhat of a misnomer.  Even though a\ngift tax return may be required, very few people ever actually pay federal gift\ntax. The purpose of the gift tax return is usually only to document a reduction\nin the allowable estate tax exemption.\nSee https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Tax-Planning-and-Checklists/The-Gift-Tax-Made-Simple/INF12127.html
A $10,000 refund is highly unusual, so most likely you made an error somewhere. Look at the letter the IRS sent you to sees exactly what they changed. 
Paying your TT fees does not file your return,. Once you are done and have checked everything, go through the File tab and click the Transmit button. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
If you purchased Audit Defense for your 2013 tax return, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your audit notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/. Do not contact the IRS. Let TaxResources contact them for you.If you did not purchase Audit Defense, you can get help with your audit from TurboTax at the following link.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
If you inherit cash that is not in an IRA or other retirement account, the inheritance is not taxable income and you do not report it on your tax return. Since its not taxable income, there is no need to pay estimated tax. However, any income you earn by investing the inheritance after you receive it, such as interest or dividends, is taxable income. If the investment income will be substantial, you would have to take that into consideration in either adjusting your withholding or paying estimated tax.If the person you expect to inherit from lived in New Jersey, the bequest might be subject to New Jersey inheritance tax. This is beyond the scope of what TurboTax handles. Normally the estate would pay the inheritance tax before any money is distributed to the beneficiaries. But if you are not the spouse or a direct descendent (child or grandchild) of the person you expect to inherit from, you should consult the executor or a local tax professional to determine whether you will have to pay NJ inheritance tax. 
On the screen immediately after entering your 1095-A, check the box to indicate the policy was shared by somebody that is not on your tax return.  You will then enter 50 percent for the allocation numbers. 
You cannot file a tax return twice so once the return has been accepted any further filings will be rejected. Once you efiled your return and it gets accepted, you cant\nchange the direct deposit info using TurboTax.    \n\nOnce the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen. 
The best way to unamend your state return is to go through your state return from the beginning and keep your eyes peeled for amend-related screens or questions.The amend question usually appears right at the beginning or towards the end of the state interview (never in the middle).Correct any entries that have to do with an amended return, e.g.:\nAnswer No when asked if you want to amend;\n\nClear any amend-related checkboxes;\n\nDelete entries in the tax year field.\n\nNote: In a few state programs, you actually have to answer Yes to the amend question so you can revisit the screens that contain the information you want to delete.\nIf you still cant get rid of your state amendment form, try deleting your state return and starting over. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
I dont know of another way to try.  There are only 4 ways to efile:1) With a prior-year Self-Select PIN (if that info was saved).2) A new 2015 efiling PIN from the IRS phone/website.3) The AGI from a 2014 return (filed prior to November 2015).4) An AGI of 0 (for someone who did not file at all in 2014, or who filed very late in the year, such as after November 2015.)Based on when you filed your 2014 return (January 2016),  I would think the AGI of 0 would be your method.  Did you leave the PIN field blank and enter 0 as a single digit, with no decimal?You said you had no luck getting an efile PIN from the IRS website.  You could try the IRS phone system in the FAQ below, but it may produce the same result if it was due to the late-filed 2014 return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901274-how-do-i-get-my-5-digit-electronic-filing-pinIf you cant efile by one of those methods, you will need to mail your return.  I would suggest using certified return receipt, or at least some kind of postal tracking so youll know your return was received. 
Sorry, but any extension must have been filed by April 18.  However, if you have a refund, there is no penalty. 
duplicate post 
There is no way for one account to access tax returns in a different account, or to move tax returns from one account to another. 
Go here to purchase and download the 2014 software.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2014 returns must be printed and filed by mail. 
Are you eligible for non-deductible contributions  ? If so, you should see Form 8606 attached to your tax return showing your contribution and you dont have to take it out..Unfortunately, you did not timely file your 2015 return, which restricts your options. 
You are asking from TT desktop. You must save your return as you go along.  Look on your hard drive to see if you saved more than one. Also see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return
It takes months to process amended returns, so youll have to file your own return by mail. 
This is a known problem. To check the status, go to the IRS website. 
Claim the children and file by mail. The IRS will sort it out. 
So youre saying you did not file a state return with TurboTax at all, correct?  Neither by efile or mail.  And dont intend to?You can discuss your fees with TurboTax Support by phone.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
My guess is that I am not responsible for paying income taxes on it until I receive the money, but Im not sure.Thats incorrect.  Youve had constructive receipt of that money for several years.  Per the IRS:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Income although not actually reduced to a taxpayers possession is \nconstructively received by him in the taxable year during which it is \ncredited to his account, set apart for him, or otherwise made available \nso that he may draw upon it at any time, or so that he could have drawn \nupon it during the taxable year if notice of intention to withdraw had \nbeen given. However, income is not constructively received if the \ntaxpayers control of its receipt is subject to substantial limitations \nor restrictions.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------There certainly were no substantial limitations or restrictions on your receipt of the money over the years.Practically speaking, I wouldnt worry about it as the amount available received in any given year and the cumulative amount are pretty immaterial.  But, legally, you have several years of missed taxable income.Tom Young 
Tuition paid on your own can be used to get a deduction or credit on a tax return. Deduction and credits for qualified education expenses (tuition, fees and in some cases books and course related materials and equipment) are tied to dependency. Whoever claims the student as a dependent (student or someone else) on their tax return is the one who can claim qualified education expenses paid out of pocket or with loans for deduction or credit. It doesnt matter who actually paid the expenses. On the other hand, scholarships that paid non qualified expenses such as room and board must be entered on the students tax return as income. 
Go into your TT account and look at your Federal return. If you used TT Free, it will be either a 1040EZ or a 1040A. 
When you own a home for less than full year, you may not have enough Federal itemized deductions for that year. 
Deductible interest on a HELOC is limited to the first $100,000 of debt ($50,000 if married filing separately).  There is a worksheet on page 12 of this IRS reference to help you calculate the amount of your deductible interest:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p936.pdf 
Go here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779651 
We can tell you how to pay.   Is your return still in preparation?  i.e., are you upgrading prior to filing, or have you already filed?  \nIn order to pay for the upgrade, the return must be open.\nOnce the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must say this years return.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.  \nIf TurboTax thinks you were finished, and your return is not open, then heres how to get it to open back up.\nGo to the 2015 Tax Timeline, then to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to open a finished return back up.)\nOnce the return is open, then go to MY ACCOUNT and follow the rest of the steps above to pay at the PRINT CENTER.\n 
The 2014 Partnership K-1 information is carried forward into the information available for you when you are entering your 2015 data.  This is also true for any Form 1099-INT or -DIV income reports from the prior year.When you are in the interview, in PERSONAL INCOME section, on reaching the Schedule K-1- see image below - in the list of partnerships carried forward from the previous year, simply choose DELETE for the partnership where the entire holding was liquidated in the prior year. It is critical that the year in which you do liquidate all holdings in a Publicly-Traded Partnership (PTP) you do indicate in that tax year the total liquidation, so that you can benefit from the allocation of previously disallowed passive losses. 
Here are several ways to view/print.  Sometimes a particular PDF may \nnot have everything.  So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but for some people occasionally something is missing.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that second larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If your premiums are taken out before tax (not included in Box 1 of your W-2), they can not be claimed as a deduction. If your employer has a Sect. 125 or Cafeteria benefits plan, then the premiums are taken out pre-tax and not deductible. If you are unsure, you can check with your HR or payroll department. 
Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions \n\n\n\n\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n\n\n>>> click on the Review tab and fix any errors if needed>>> click on My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return>>> print off the form 1040 & 8962\n\n \n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
He cannot deduct any of that.There are two requirements for a deduction: 1. the taxpayer must actually pay it and 2. He must be legally obligated to pay it. Since he is neither on the deed or mortgage, he cannot use the deductions.You could take the position, his paying the expenses was a gift to you, so you could deduct it. But since you have no income, that will do you no good.Once you are married, and filing a joint return, it will not matter whos funds were used. You may deduct the expenses. 
Yes you do and you need to get a copy of the form 1095-A from your parents to complete your return. 
Did you complete the FILE tab all the way to the end and hit the transmit now for both the federal & state returns?   Just entering the DD info will not get the returns filed.  If you didn't do so then log in and complete the FILE tab now to efile them.  To open an archived return click on "add a state" then click on the FILE tab and continue thru all the screens. Once you have efiled you will get 2 emails for both the fed & state returns ... the first says you were filed and the second more important one says they were accepted for processing.  Then check the progress this way ....Check Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax websitehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or rejected.  - Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.- It will tell you when you E-filed- The electronic filing dateSee the following TurboTax support article on checking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-returnFor the Feds:http://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Where's-My-Refund-It's-Quick,-Easy,-and-Securehttps://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraudhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questionshttp://www.claimsjournal.com/news/national/2016/02/19/268937.htmFor the states:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user name\nand password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Heres info on how to access your Online returns\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online \n\nIf the returns are locked see this post on how\nto pay for 2015 to access them: \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2925659-trying-to-upgrade-to-turbo-tax-plus-so-i-can-get-copies-of-my-2014-and-2013-tax-returns-i-do-not-see-the-upgrade-button\n\nYou have to log in with the exact same user name\nand password. Check and see if you have more than 1 account.\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-how-many-turbotax-accounts-do-i-have \n\nUse this TurboTax account recovery website to\nget a list of user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against\nany email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you do qualify as a dependent on his return then he is responsible to either carry insurance on  you all year or pay the penalty for not doing so. There\nare two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC) and other\n(Qualifying Relative in IRS parlance even though they dont have to\nactually be related). There is no income limit for a QC but there is an age\nlimit and a residency requirement.\n\nHere are the\ncomplete rules for Claiming an Exemption for a Dependent:\n\n- You cannot claim any dependents if you, or\nyour spouse if filing jointly, could be claimed as a dependent by another\ntaxpayer.\n- You cannot claim a married person who files\na joint return as a dependent unless that joint return is only a claim for\nrefund and there would be no tax liability for either spouse on separate\nreturns.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a\nresident of Canada or Mexico.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is your qualifying child or qualifying relative.\n\nRequirements\nto be a Qualifying Child:\n\n\n1. The child must be your son, daughter,\nstepchild, foster child, brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant of any of them.\n2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the\nend of the year and younger than you (or your spouse, if filing jointly), (b)\nunder age 24 at the end of the year, a full-time student and younger than you\n(or your spouse, if filing jointly), (c) any age if permanently and totally\ndisabled.\n3. The child must have lived with you for more\nthan half of the year (except for temporary absences such as for school)\n4. The child must not have provided more than\nhalf of his or her support for the year.\n5. The child is not filing a joint return for\nthe year (unless that\nreturn is filed only as a claim for refund).\n6. If the child meets the rules to be a\nqualifying child of more\nthan one person, you must be the person\nentitled to claim\nthe child as a qualifying child.\n\nRequirements\nto be a Qualifying Relative:\n\n1. The person cannot be your qualifying child\nor the qualifying child of any other taxpayer.\n2. The person either (a) be related to your in\none of the following ways:\nYour child, stepchild, foster child, or a\ndescendant of any of them\nYour brother, sister, half brother, half\nsister, stepbrother, or stepsister.\nYour father, mother, grandparent, or other\ndirect ancestor, but not foster parent.\nYour stepfather or stepmother.\nA son or daughter of your brother or sister.\nA brother or sister of your father or mother.\nYour son-in-law, daughter-in-law,\nfather-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law.\nor (b) must\nlive with you all year as a member of your household (and your relationship\nmust not violate local  law  cohabitation is still illegal in Michigan &\nMississippi).\n3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4,050 for the 2016 tax\nyear (social security does not count).\n4. You must provide more than half of the\npersons total support for the year.\n\nThere is a very good worksheet to help you\ndetermine how much support you provide. It is on page 15 of IRS Pub. 501\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf\n\n 
With your tax return open, click on My Account then Tools then My Fees to see what you are being charged for.
The form 8880 should not have changed at all however what you may be seeing is the credit being used to pay off the extra tax and is no longer in your refund.  Review the form 8880 and the form 1040 to see what is happening. 
Yes you can file a joint federal return and separate state returns. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301995 
The following is the standard answer ... however if the debit hasnt happened yet then it probably never will so you need to make other arrangements to keep  the interest from accruing further ... you can pay online directly at :  https://www.irs.gov/payments\n  \n\n  \n    When will my tax payment go through?\n  \n\n\nDuring non-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on\nthe payment date you specify, assuming your e-filed return has already been\naccepted (received) by the IRS.  If you didnt specify a date then the default date was 4/18/16 this year. \n\nIf that date happens to fall on a weekend or federal\nholiday, the funds are typically withdrawn the next business day.\n\n\n\nIf\nyou still dont see the debit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted,\ncall IRS e-file Payment Services at 1-888-353-4537 or contact your state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nfederal and state cover sheets with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf you owed tax, they will show the payment\ninformation and how you decided to pay.  \n\n>If you indicated pay by mail, then you need to\nmail in a check.  \n\n>If you selected credit card, it will probably be\nprocessed in a couple of days.  \n\n>If you selected debit from your bank account, that\ninformation is passed on to the state and IRS and they will do the debit when\nthey process your return information -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4\nweeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If\nyou also owe the state ...\nread the state payment instructions carefully since most states cannot be paid\nfrom within the TT system and requires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n  \n  \n\n  \n    \n  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Delaware is not a community property state. Therefore an LLC with two spouses as the only members must be treated as a partnership for tax purposes. There is no exception, automatic or otherwise. The LLC must file a Form 1065 partnership tax return. In the partnership return there will be a Schedule K-1 for each partner (member or owner). You enter the information from your Schedule K-1 in your personal Form 1040 tax return.You cannot use TurboTax Home & Business to file the Form 1065 partnership return. You need TurboTax Business for that. TurboTax Business is a different product from Home & Business. TurboTax Business cannot be used to file your personal Form 1040 tax return. You will still need one of the personal editions of TurboTax to file your personal return. If you use the CD or download TurboTax software you could use Home & Business or any of the other personal editions. If you use TurboTax Online you would have to use Premier or Home & Business in order to enter the K-1 information.Although the partnership has to file a tax return, it does not pay any tax. The income and expenses of the partnership are passed through from the partnership return to your personal return, via the Schedule K-1. Therefore in deciding how much estimated tax to pay for your personal taxes, you need to take into consideration the income from the partnership. 
Im not 100% positive youre in the same boat as me, but I had this message as well and then got a letter from the IRS saying I needed to verify my identity. 
Did you file your tax return or did you stop when you paid the fees?   You have to complete the filing with your signature and then transmit the return. You would receive two emails from Turbotax, one to say it was transmitted then one later to say accepted or rejected.  Check your filing status. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp  If it says you have not filed-open your account and file.Turbotax does not refund your taxes-the government does.  If it says filed then look at the IRS site to see what your refund process is https://www.irs.gov/refunds\n\n
With your tax return open, type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Say no to the question about your W-4. 
You must contact TurboTax directly to request a refund. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041When arranging a call during normal Pacific time business hours, use billing issue as the subject rather than refund. 
Unfortunately only the IRS can tell you what is happening with your tax return and the refund. Have you tried calling the IRS? 800 829-1040You might try contacting the Taxpayer Advocate at 877 777-4778 or going to a local IRS office.
Your tax return would have been rejected if your daughter filed a return (or a joint return with her new husband) claiming her own exemption.  so she should still classify as my dependentIts unclear by April whether you mean April 2015 or April 2016.  However, if the former (she married in 2015) and she filed a joint return with her new husband then she does not qualify as your dependent.  There are some situations where either one of you could claim her but if she chooses to file a joint return then the choice is hers and she no longer is your dependent.If she was married in 2016 then she may have been your dependent in 2015.  Consequently, its almost certain that your reject was because the return she filed and claimed her own exemption.  Only one of you can claim it.  If she did and she qualified as your dependent:\nShe needs to file an amended return stating she can be claimed by another taxpayer and,\nYou need to file on paper, as it will only continue to reject.\n\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you only chose to send your federal by mail you wont be able to print your state ones until after you file. Go to your Account, Click on taxes, opt to download to your PC / device then print. 
REvised answer--As stated by dmerz, you must be eligible for an HSA contribution on the first day the entire month. This is also explicit in the instructions for Form 8889. 
You must file a tax return to pay self employment tax on the 1099-MISC earned income. You must report the earned income,  interest income and scholarship income that paid for non qualified education expenses on your tax return but you will not owe any federal income tax because your total income is less than $10,300. 
According to this previous TT answer, filing just the 5329 forms should be sufficient.  If you have not yet filed your 2015 return, attach the 2015 5329 form to it:https://accountants-community.intuit.com/questions/185707-failure-to-take-rmd 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - If the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You can take the self-employed health insurance deduction for the premiums that your husband paid. You enter it in the business expenses section of TurboTax, but it does not go on Schedule C. The deduction appears on Form 1040 line 29.The self-employed health insurance deduction is only for insurance premiums, not for other medical expenses. The other medical expenses can be included in the itemized deduction for medical expenses on Schedule A. You enter them in the personal section of TurboTax, not under the business. 
To print your tax return, look for a .tax file on your computer.TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.  See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2 
duplicate post 
No.  The TurboTax software cannot make any type of tax payment. 
NaN = Not a Number.This is  known TT issue. However,, TT refund dates are just estimates, so check the IRS website.And who let you have $30?  The Netspend card? 
Follow the instructions in the IRS letter. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
Also see this:http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/article20363778.html 
Im assuming you meant a CP 23 notice, not CR23.First you need to know whether the CP23 notice is correct or not.  The notice states that the IRS thinks the estimated tax payments on your return are incorrect.  Are they?  You need to:\nReview the notice.  It should contain a list of payments the IRS applied to your account.\nCompare the payments you made and see if the IRS notice is correct, or if they omitted a payment that you made.\nIf the IRS list is correct and doesnt match your return, just send them a check.If the IRS list omits a payment you made, then you need to get support for the payment (such as a copy of the cancelled check) and use it to reply to the notice to convince the IRS they misapplied your payment to someone elses account.
Just enter each of the entire W-2 forms in Federal taxes; Wages and Income. The program will place the info where it is required. 
The money does not go on the card until the IRS or state actually issues the refund.  You can check the status of your Federal refund here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
Duplicate post 
You only file 1 return with all your income on it.  If you have not filed the first tax return then you can go back and add more.  But if you already filed the first return then you need to mail in an amended 1040X form to fix it and add more.IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section. 
You are responsible for the accuracy of your tax return.Print the return and examine it to see if your wages and tax withheld from wages are incorrect.If you filed with incorrect numbers, pay the tax due.With corrections, your state tax return should show a tax due of $428. 
That depends upon how much of a gain (if any) is realized from the sale of the stock.The cash gifts to each of his children are neither deductible to him, nor taxable to the children. 
Yes, if you are using the Desktop CD/Download program. If you are using the Window's Desktop Software you can save your return or copy it with a different name.  Go to FILE - SAVE AS.  Then you can use the copy to test out different things.  Be sure to give it a name you know is the test file.  Like name it TEST. Or in the Desktop software you can do a What-if worksheet.Go to Forms Mode, click Forms in the upper right. Then click Open Forms box in the top of the column on the left. Open the US listing of forms and towards the bottom find the What-if worksheet. It's right under Estimated Taxes.   Or tryGo into Forms View. Once there, at the top of the left column, click on the icon for "Open Form". A popup window will appear. In the text line, type the word "what" without quotes. You should see "what-if worksheet" appear as a selection choice. Double-click it to launch the form.
You need to mail in your tax return with form 14039, \n\nIdentity Theft Affidavit, with a legible copy of driver license or other IDs requested.  Send a check payment with your return, if required. 
Go here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
Hi,It shouldnt matter at all MC or Visa-- theyre both as widely accepted; see fine-print below. Also shouldnt matter, but both card-types can be issued by one of three banks as outlined below. I think its a non-issue.Good job getting a return! Invest it!Best,-MiguelThis was the fine-print: The NetSpend Visa Prepaid Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. The NetSpend Prepaid MasterCard is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated. The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company; Members FDIC. Please see back of your Card for its issuing bank. NetSpend, a TSYS Company, is a registered agent of The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, and Republic Bank & Trust Company. The NetSpend Visa Prepaid Card may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. The NetSpend Prepaid MasterCard may be used everywhere Debit MasterCard is accepted. Certain products and services may be licensed under U.S. Patent Nos. 6,000,608 and 6,189,787. Use of the Card Account is subject to funds availability and ID verification. Transaction fees, terms and conditions apply to the use and reloading of the Card Account. See Cardholder Agreement for details.\n\n 
The IRS Office in Philadelphia provides international tax assistance. This office is open Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Eastern time and can be contacted by:\nPhone: 1 (267) 941-1000 (not toll-free)\nFAX:1 (267) 941-1055\nEmail: Email the IRS(e-mail is for general tax questions; NOT questions regarding your tax account)\nMail: Internal Revenue ServicePhiladelphia, Pa 19255-0725 USA\n 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
See what code you entered in Box 7 of the 1099-R.  The odds are you did not enter the code of 1 as should have been shown on your paper 1099-R 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Yes, you can use the TurboTax online editions for the current tax year even if you used the desktop CD/Download editions for the prior tax year.  You will need to transfer the prior year tax data file from the computer where it was created to the online account.  See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to transfer from the computer to the online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3006086-can-i-transfer-my-2014-turbotax-return-from-my-computer-to...Go to this TurboTax website for the online editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You should know that there are some program differences between the desktop CD/Download editions and the online editions -\nThe online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download edition can complete multiple tax returns at no charge.\nThe online editions have an additional charge for a state tax return.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download editions have the state program download free for one state (except the Basic edition).\nThe online editions do not have direct access to any forms, schedules or worksheets.  Whereas the desktop CD/Download editions do have direct access to all forms, schedules and worksheets through Forms mode.\n
Assuming that any TT fees you had deducted dont add up to the missing half, the IRS will be sending you a letter within the next couple of weeks.. 
You needed to pay for one of the TurboTax 2014 online editions of Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business so your prior year online editions would be available until October 15, 2016.  You can start and pay for a 2015 online edition and all your prior year editions will be available until October 15, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You can see your fees by opening your tax return and clicking on My Account then Tools then My Fees. 
Please contact TT Support:\nSimply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.\nOpen Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time.\n 
Turbotax cannot intervene with the IRS on this. You must contact the IRS yourself, although it it likely that they will return the duplicate payment to you at some point.Why did you enter your banking account info if you mailed them a cashiers check? 
i was responsible of all taxs in 2014I  was an xepemt inployee so i did not receuve any tipsai I did not work in any contry outside the United States 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Did you have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund?  If you did, your refund is first sent to the bank that handles the transaction.  They deduct your fees, then deposit the rest of your refund into your bank.  It can take an additional day or two.\n\nYou can check your refund status on\nthe banks website at, look under Refund Information\n\nhttp://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us----------------------------------------------\n\nContact information\n\nToll-Free\nnumber - 877-908-7228\n\nEmail:  http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/requests/new\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2258712-will-i-owe-taxes-for-a-personal-injury-settlement-i-receiv... 
Unfortunately there is no deduction for those expenses. 
He files his own return.He marks he is a dependent of others.Then follow the rules for determining if he earned enough to be allowed to take a Roth IRA deduction. (you did not include his compensation)His compensation would not be included on your return. Investment income is handled differently and I am not addressing that issue. Your question was related to IRA contributions and those require taxable compensation; i.e. earned income. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
VolvoGirl is correct in that you need to amend your tax return.Taxpayers are not at liberty to pick and choose the year in which they take allowed losses.  Additionally, the IRS now has money that belongs to you.The IRS will not allow you to take the 2015 allowed losses in any tax year other than 2015.  Amend now to avoid moving on and possibly forgetting and several years later the statute closes and you lose the ability to take the losses. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
You need to log into the Canada site, not the US site.www.turbotax.ca  (not .com)
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
Here are directions on how to amend, but if you are having problems with the app which it sounds like, try a different device, if its an Apple device go right through Safari,  and search and log into turbotax.com. And remember you have to print and mail it they don`t accept amendments online.\n\n\n\nSign in to your TurboTax account. \nClick Taxes in the upper left corner.\nIn the 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend (change) return. If you dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You can make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\nIn the pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\nClick Continue on the Well help you change (amend) your return screen.\nFollow the on-screen directions to amend your return.It is completely normal if your refund drops to zero or does strange things while you are amending. Your calculations will come out correctly in the end.\n\nWhen youre done, well give you instructions to print and mail your amended return because they cant be e-filed.\n\n\n 
You do not re-file a tax return that has already been received and accepted by the IRS.  You file an amended tax return, Form 1040X.  The amended return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.If you used TurboTax online editions to originally file the 2013 tax return, then follow the procedure in the this TurboTax support FAQ for amending the 2013 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-do-i-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbota... 
Turbotax\nhas a new feature that tracks the dates, times, and approximate locations your\naccount was accessed.  You can log in and check this feature.  Make\nsure you log in by typing the address in your web browser and check for the\npadlock icon that means you have a verified connection.  Click Account\nTools, then Security, then scroll down for access history.\n\nBe\naware that the date and time will be accurate, but the location may be less\naccurate, especially if you are using a cell phone. Determining location from\nan internet address is notoriously prone to error.   But, any overseas\naccess is definitely a problem.  If there are log ins you dont recognize,\nyou can call customer support, and also take steps (below) to secure your\naccount better. \n\nTo\nsecure your account, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address\ninto your browser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or\nwhatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change\nyour password, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou\nalso have the option to turn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.\n With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or\ncell phone when you try to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your\npassword and also has possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is\nmore likely to be the real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication\nwhenever you log in from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you\ncan turn it on for all log-ins in your security settings.\n\nAlso see these two FAQs about the emails being sent to\nalert users on the new security measures:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\nand\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
You mean change or correct a prior year return?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
You do not need to mail a 1099-MISC. 
To do an amendment you will need the corrected return Form 1040 and the original return (incorrect) Form 1040 side by side. Then refer to the Instructions for Form 1040X and the Form 1040X, both available from www.irs.gov. Its pretty straight forward.Form 1040X becomes your new tax return. 
Yes if you filed with turbotax in 13 and 14 they will have them on file. 
If you are being paid to provide services, you are in fact self employed.  Accordingly, you will have a business mileage deduction and I would put the income and expense on a Schedule C in order to obtain the higher deduction and have less of a reason to make it subject to the 2% business expense exclusion.
After you preview the return the next step is to look at it and select what you want to print. 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Form 8888 is for splitting the refund between 2 different accounts (like half to checking, half to savings).   If you only have 1 account, Form 8888 isn't needed.  You can just use the boxes on the 1040 Line 76. 
The window must be Energy Star certified.  You can check the manufacturers website.See this Energy Star website - https://www.energystar.gov/about/federal_tax_creditsFederal Tax Credits: Windows, Doors & SkylightsWindows, doors and skylights that earn the ENERGY STAR save energy, improve comfort and help protect the environment.Tax Credit Amount: 10% of costNote: There is a total credit limit of $200 for windows/doors/skylights for all years since 2005.  For purposes of figuring the credit, do not include labor costs.Requirements:Must be ENERGY STAR certified
Both the parties are US Residents, both accounts are US bank accounts. So it must be a Domestic gift, not a foreign gift. 
Follow the 5071c notice instructions to complete the required directions .... until you comply the return will not be processed and the refund will not be released.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The IRS also\nconsiders undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work\nperformed, to be self employment income reported on a Sch C if you are not incorporated. I assume you\nare using the Home & Business version?  It goes under General\nIncome.\n\nGo to Business tab- then Continue\nChoose Explore on my own or Ill choose what\nto work on  (if it comes up)\n\nThen..\nBusiness Income and Expenses - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\nThen click EDIT by your business name and the\nnext screen should be a list of topics, \nBusiness Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of\nGoods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.\n \nClick Start or Update by Business Income\nThen Either\nby 1099-Misc Income - click the Start or Update button\nOr by General\nIncome for Business Income not\nreported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update buttonIf you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n 
The 21 days for a tax refund to be sent is a target set by the IRS.  It is not a guarantee that you will receive the tax refund after 21 days from the receipt of your return by the IRS.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
**** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay. 
At this point you should be concerned ... check your payment information.      When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\nNow,\nif you filed right before (or on) the busy April 18 deadline, the IRS may not\nbe able to debit your payment until after the deadline, due to high e-filing\nvolume. In addition, it can take your bank another few days to post the debit\nto your account.\n\nNo\nworries; as long as you filed your return or extension on or before April 18\nand you selected April 18 (or earlier) as your payment date, you wont get\npenalized for late payment.\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe 
Yes you can deduct the interest costs as well as all other business expenses.  regarding living aboard.  you need to think of two different approaches.   1) is the boat your home and you use it for business or 2) is the boat an  office/business and you live there.   if 2) you will be able to deduct many expenses since it is a business, but you would need to set a value for living there and declare it as income. the section179 question, under certain conditions you may be able to accelerate the depreciation.the over riding consideration is how are you setting up the business, sole, S-corp, C-corp,  llp, llc.  some of the answers listed above go away based on the structure of your business.
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
I think I understand your question.  If you look at the actual return it highlights the error and you can fill it in or fix right on the form.  I hope this helps! 
Answered in comments. 
Ive just gone through all your other posts, and you stated you were accepted for a paper check feb 4 2016 If you are getting a paper refund check, the Refund Processing Service does not get involved at all, since you are not getting a direct deposit. The check is mailed directly to you from the IRS.Only the IRS can tell you the status. 
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n
There is an issue in that section where None of the above is able to be selected.  Do not select any of the options shown, Adopted or Foster, and continue with the Dependent interview.  This should be corrected by 5/20.See this TurboTax support FAQ for this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3358503-unable-to-select-none-of-the-above-on-tell-us-about-your-c... 
You cant really close\nyour account, but you can delete all your info and abandon it, if you\nwish.  Your account will still be available for you to use at some point\nin the future, as long as you use the same User ID and password. You could also\nindicate that Intuit emails are spam to keep them out of your regular email.\n\nHeres how to clear out your return:\n\n1.     Sign in to TurboTax Online.\n\n2.     On the left side, click Tools. (Dont see the side menu on the left? Click here for help.)\n\n3.     Click Clear your 2015 return\nand start over.\n\no   \nIf you already paid,\nyoull get the message You cannot clear your return.\n\n4.     (Optional) In the pop-up, uncheck the\nbox Re-transfer my data after clearing if you dont want last years data to\ntransfer over.\n\n5.     Click Yes to confirm\n\n\nYou would choose Clear your 2015 return and start over, but then\nsimply dont start over.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n
Look at your tax return ... form 1040 line 61.  If there is an amount there then you paid a penalty. 
You will have to start a New account with a New unique user ID.  The online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Go to this TurboTax website and choose the edition you need and start a New account - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your order\nclick on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time\nMon  - Fri. Submit your question/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number\nwill be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data\nfile and 
Here are the Qualifying Relative rules for claiming a non-relative as a dependent.  Just providing health insurance does not mean the father can claim the child if you are providing over one-half the childs support and the child has lived in your home for the entire year.  And you not providing health insurance for the child does not disqualify you from being able to claim the child.Qualifying Relative -1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross income for the year must be less than $4,000 (social security does not count) in 20154. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year.6. The person must not file a joint return with their spouse.Note - In the TurboTax program for a dependent you would choose the option shown Other person and NOT Your Child.  In the dropdown provided in Other person you would choose Other 
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you have already filed the 2015 return ....Workaround\nto open a closed/archived  2015 return:\n\n\n\n1.    Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is\njust a way to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside\nyour return
Try using the Taxpayer advocates office to see what is happening with the 2014 return.....At the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer\nAdvocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the\nTaxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/About-TAS/Who-We-Are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the\nTaxpayer Advocate Service works::\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to\n3 business days.\n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  and see if the refund was issued.\n\n\n\nIf you used the refund processing service if you had them withhold the TT fee from the refund....Check  SBTPG by logging into\ntheir website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/   \n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nCheck at netspend :  NetSpend\nCustomer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.\n\nhttps://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n
The IRS will send you a letter explaining why they reduced the amount of your refund. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get the refund.For more information, see the following FAQ. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288510 
Since you didnt save a paper copy or a PDF back then you will need to contact TT support to get the 2013 return unlocked. Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\nUnless you want to bite the bullet and pay for another 2015 program to unlock it ....If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
If youre using Federal\nFree Edition for your 2015 taxes, you can get access to all prior-year\nreturns that were filed under the same login by upgrading\nand completing your PLUS purchase.\n\nBefore upgrading and\npaying, please ensure that the account you are logged in is the correct account\nwith your prior years return. If you are uncertain, you can find out if\nyou have more than one TurboTax account, simply\nsign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to\nget an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other\nemail addresses you may have.\n\n \n\nTo\nunlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition\nfrom this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/    \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version\nor better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment\ninstructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal\ninformation in the Personal Info section of the program.\n Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In\nthe pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus,\nand click the Upgrade Now button.\n If you want to include a state program with your order click on State\nTaxes and complete some of the state section. \n\nTo pay for the upgrade\nso you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto\nyour 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees\nby credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n
There are a couple of issues that may affect you. If you are paid more than $2000 (in 2016) for the year, you may be considered an employee. If you are an independent contractor, that does not apply. The difference can be complex and you should seek personal assistance.If you are an independent contractor, you need to claim all your income as self employment income. In addition, if you make more than $400 (from all sources), you will have to pay self employment taxes. Thats a bit over 15%. (This is probably the limit you were looking for). Those paying you can claim up to $6000 a year in Dependent Care Credit, if their children meet the age and other requirements. 
You cannot efile an amended return. It must be printed and mailed.
Assuming you dont have copies yourself and your ex does not have it I am pretty sure you could get a copy from the IRS. I go to IRS.govYou can get the phone number there and when I call them I try to find a time like at night when they are not too busy. They should be able to tell you how to get the copy from them. 
There are a variety of employee stock plans. Incentive Stock Options are just one type and have some beneficial tax treatment under certain circumstances. A full discussion is here: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Investments-and-Taxes/Incentive-Stock-Options/INF1204...Looks like Premier will provide you the guidance youll want for this. 
Well, you could look to see if you have multiple accounts, and if one of them has a filed 2014 return in it.   If you find it, then the question is answered.  If you dont find it, then you still dont know for sure and would have to phone TurboTax Support.   Or you can just phone TurboTax Support in the first place and ask.   You may end up having to call them anyway.   Heres how to look for multiple accounts.   Then once you have a list of your User IDs, sign into each one and look in the 2014 Tax Timeline.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you didnt find evidence of a filed return after all that, then phone TurboTax Support, and they should be able to tell you definitively if you filed through TurboTax or not.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information. 
Even though you think you have only 1 account, run the tool below.  Many people end up with more than one account without realizing it.   Multiple accounts can use the same email address for notification purposes.  A User ID does not have to be an email address.Are you sure you used the Online version in 2014?   A desktop return (CD/download) will not be present in an online account.If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find returns, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment. 
See this previous TT answer:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2448065-is-mortgage-interest-on-a-foreign-home-loan-deductibleYes, HSA funds can be used for qualified (as defined by the IRS) medical expenses overseas. 
If there is an outstanding debt by a government entity then yes your refund will probably be offset. Check here for information on offsets https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.htmlYou cannot claim her as a dependent. You must file with her as a spouse on a MFJ return or you must file MFS. You can file as an injured spouse so they do not take your portion of refund https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3051957-injuried-spouse#If you know that it is being forgiven in the near future and you are already past the due date(did you file an extension?) you might wait to file until it is settled. There is no penalty if you have a refund due.
The IRS will process your return however both of you will get a letter in the mail later asking the person who filed incorrectly to amend their return.  If neither of you amend the return then the IRS sends a second request ... this time asking each of you to prove why you should claim the children and the winner gets the children.  Read up on the tie breaker rules here ... https://www.eitc.irs.gov/Tax-Preparer-Toolkit/faqs/tiebreakers   &  http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/pubs/p596-009.htm 
If you didnt file a joint 2014 return and she filed after 10/15/15 then using a ZERO for the 2014 AGI is the correct thing to do.  If you are rejected again just give up and mail in the returns. 
The rules are for the 1098-T are that the school is to fill out either box 1 or box 2 but not both.... so your schoold decided to use only box 2. Now as you enter all your education expenses and the distribution from the 1099-Q if the amount of the amount of the 1099-Q is greater than all qualifying education expenses then the excess is considered taxable income.  So if all the 1099-Q funds were used for qualifying education expenses then you didnt complete the education section correctly ... please review and make the needed changes in that section. 
From IRS-You should keep copies of your tax returns as part of your tax records. They can help you prepare future tax returns, and you will need them if you file an amended return or are audited. Copies of your returns and other records can be helpful to your survivor or the executor or administrator of your estate. Or, when applying for financial aid.Having filed through TurboTAX you can get a print copy of your return up until Oct 15th. After that your tax return will be locked until you pay again next year. 
CVista, for various reasons, may be holding your refund for ID verification. You should contact them. 
\n\n\nNo, you dont have to be on the same computer if using TurboTax Online.  You DO have to be in the right account, however.\nIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.\n
Only way to do this is by mail. IRS has closed prior years. Separately and attach your check. If something is off believe me the IRS will correspond with you. Is best if you send the check with the forms to avoid more penalties and fines. I did this years ago for my husband had to do them by hand unless you have turbo tax for those years which I didnt. 
Social Security Disability income does not count for the Earned Income Credit. 
The Louisiana D.O.R. website says:\nThe expected refund processing time for returns filed electronically \nis up to 60 days. For paper returns, taxpayers should expect to wait 12 \nto 14 weeks.\n\n\tSome returns, whether electronic or paper, are randomly selected for \nreview. If your return has been selected for review, then the review \nprocess can take up to 16 weeks.\n\nYou can phone the Louisiana D.O.R. and see what you can find out.   Here is how you can get a phone number:https://esweb.revenue.louisiana.gov/ContactUs/default.aspx 
In the Health Insurance\nsection of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Since its been so long, and since you have a hardship, you can enlist the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service to assist you.  Be sure you tell them you are asking due to a hardship.At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html
Since this is a new procedure ( allowing you to fix your return mid processing) the time lines are not yet set but others have reported that it has taken 4 months or more to process the return if you choose not to respond. Not sure why you wouldnt ... to get the 1095-A sent to you only requires a phone call and they are open 24/7 so getting thru is not an issue.  You may want to do so and amend the return later.  https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/
Once the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will automatically convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen and there is nothing you can do to speed up the process.
Use schedule C and use the percentage of your home that is used for work to calculate your expenses.For example, if 20% of the space of your home is used for work and your rent is $12,000 per year, the rent for your business is $12,000 X 0.20 = $2,400.00. The same is calculations apply to other services, such as your electric and heating bills. And, if you hire someone to clean your house, you can deduct 20% of that expense. 
TT gets that info from the IRS site but it doesnt control the IRS and nothing can happen until the IRS actually makes the deposit. Since you used the Refund Processing Service to pay the TT fees you will need to follow your refund thru the process as that email indicates ... When you choose the option to pay the\nTurboTax fees out of the Federal refund that is handled by a third-party\ncompany called SBTPG (Santa Barbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG\nreceives your refund from the IRS at one of their 2 banks--Sunrise Banks of St.\nPaul, MN, or Citizens/Civista Banking Co. of Sandusky, OH.  That bank sets\nup a temporary account for you to receive the refund, and then takes out the\nTurboTax fees.  It then sends the remainder on to your bank account in a\nsecond direct deposit.  If that deposit fails, the intermediary bank will\nmail you a check.\n\nYou can check on the status of your\nrefund at SBTPG by logging into their website at:\n\nhttps://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOf you can get 24-hour automated info by\nphone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nOr you can get live customer support\nduring their business hours:   1-877-908-7228\n\nWhen you phone the live taxpayer number, follow these steps:\n\nWhen prompted, press 1 for English.\nWhen prompted, press 1 for current year product.\nAt next prompt, listen to all 3 choices, then Press 3 to speak to agent.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
No need to amend.As I mentioned on your first link, it is correct.As bine22 said on your second link, there is probably not a need to amend if it does not change the tax due.  Just keep your records in case something were to come up in the future. 
If this is in response to an IRS letter .... Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See the following FAQ.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5465132 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website using the same\nuser ID & password as the previous tax year \n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ \n \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your\norder click on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is currently open from 8am to 5pm\nPacific time Mon  Fri.   Submit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly\nwith a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download edition
The PDF download from the prior year Timeline should already include all forms and worksheets.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sorry but you have to pay taxes to any state where you either live or work ... no way around that.  If your resident state had an income tax you would have gotten a credit for the taxes paid to MO on the same income taxed in TX ... but since TX has no income tax it is a mute subject. All you can do is file the non resident MO return next Jan to get a refund of any excess withholding if any. 
The phone call you received is a total scam.  The IRS does not initiate phone calls or send email to taxpayers.  They communicate with taxpayers through the US mail.See this IRS website for phone scams - https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz... 
Your proof of payment for income taxes paid, depending on how you chose to pay the taxes owed, will either be your cancelled check, bank statement or credit card statement showing the payee.  The IRS and/or States do not send receipts of tax payments. 
You have to ask the 401k plan or your employer.   Each plan can be different. 
Sorry you cant.  You will have to mail your return this year since her ssn is already in the IRS database (even if she amends it). 
What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To check with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted,check at this Turbotax site. 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/transcript-availability 
If you are working on your 2015 return just go to the Wages and Income section and edit the W-2 that you entered.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nOn Wages and Salaries, click the start or update button.  Click on edit for the W-2 you want to review\nIf you have already filed your tax return - TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 
The new profile will not access the return that you completed.  You have to sign onto the account using the exact same user ID that you used to create the account.  Since you have changed your account information, it would be best now to contact TurboTax support for assistance so you can access the 2015 return and then e-file the return.  Also, there is no penalty for filing a tax return after the due date if you are receiving a tax refund.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5204821 
It is unlikely that your estranged spouse can claim HOH, since it does not appear that she (with an income of only $6000) provided more than 50% of the support for the entire household in which she lives with her boyfriend. But thats not your concern anyway.Please see the requirements that Texas Roger listed for HOH, and count the number of nights your son spent with you.  If they do not add up to at least 183, then you cannot claim him as a dependent, nor can you claim HOH. 
If you have signed\nonto your 2015 online account and working on the 2015 tax return, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Tools.\n Then on My Fees\n\nOr -\n\nIf you have filed your 2015\ntax returns and they have been accepted,\nwhen you sign onto your online\naccount and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Get order details\n\nOr -\n\nUse this TurboTax website\nto check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n\n\n\n\n 
We have no way of knowing that, since it depends upon which state and myriad other factors.  Federal and State tax laws are different, so go by what the State return says. 
Amended returns take about 4 months to process.  See this:https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/amended-return-frequently-asked-... 
If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4163413 
Call the Treasurers office and ask for another tax statement. 
TT Online is only good for one return per account. If you did yours after his in the same account, you overwrote his..  See this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return 
Are the SS payments really enough to pay for 1/2 of her total support?  Since SS benefits do not count as income and $8400 is probably not enough to count as self supporting you should be able to claim your daughter ... here are the rules : \n  \nHere are the complete rules  ... see if you qualify...\n- You cannot claim any dependents if you, or\nyour spouse if filing jointly, could be claimed as a dependent by another\ntaxpayer.\n- You cannot claim a married person who files a\njoint return as a dependent unless that joint return is only a claim for refund\nand there would be no tax liability for either spouse on separate returns.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a\nresident of Canada or Mexico.\n- You cannot claim a person as a dependent\nunless that person is your qualifying child or qualifying relative.\n\nTest to\nbe a Qualifying Child:\n1. The child must be your son, daughter,\nstepchild, foster child, brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant of any of them.\n2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the end\nof the year and younger than you (or your spouse, if filing jointly), (b) under\nage 24 at the end of the year, a full-time student and younger than you (or\nyour spouse, if filing jointly), (c) any age if permanently and totally\ndisabled.\n3. The child must have lived with you for more\nthan half of the year (except for temporary absences such as for school)\n4. The child must not have provided more than\nhalf of his or her support for the year.\n5. The child is not filing a joint return for\nthe year (unless that\nreturn is filed only as a claim for refund).\n6. If the child meets the rules to be a\nqualifying child of more\nthan one person, you must be the person entitled\nto claim\nthe child as a qualifying child.\n\nTest to\nbe a Qualifying Relative:\n\n1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or\nthe qualifying child of any other taxpayer.\n2. The person either (a) be related to your in\none of the following ways:\nYour child, stepchild, foster child, or a\ndescendant of any of them\nYour brother, sister, half brother, half sister,\nstepbrother, or stepsister.\nYour father, mother, grandparent, or other\ndirect ancestor, but not foster parent.\nYour stepfather or stepmother.\nA son or daughter of your brother or sister.\nA brother or sister of your father or mother.\nYour son-in-law, daughter-in-law, father-in-law,\nmother-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law.\nor (b) must live with you all year as a member\nof your household (and your relationship must not violate local law).\n3. The persons gross income for the year must\nbe less than $4,000 (social security does not count).\n4. You must provide more than half of the\npersons total support for the year.\n\nThere is a very good worksheet to help you\ndetermine how much support you provide. It is on page 15 of IRS Pub. 501\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf 
TurboTax does not support tax year 2010 so you cannot file a state return using TurboTax.  If you completed the 2010 state return using TurboTax but did not file the return and you used the online editions, you can download a PDF of your return which will include both the federal and state tax returns.  However, since you did not file the state return it may have a watermark on the pages that say Preview Only or something similar.  If it does you cannot use that print out of the state return to send to the state.  You will need to access your states tax authority website and get the forms, schedules and instructions for tax year 2010 which should be available.TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  For a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If she is your dependent, you dont allocate anything for the percentages.If she is not your dependent, see this post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...
On your personal residence?  No.On a rental property? Yes. 
The IRS (not TT) is saying the birthdate is wrong.  Please contact the Social Security Admin (which is where the IRS gets this info). They may have a different date in their records. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your State return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
Work\n through the the Form W-4 and estimated taxes interview under the \nOther Tax Situations tab.  Enter your best guesses of income, deductible business expenses, other\ndeductions, exemptions, tax credits, withholding, etc., etc.  and see if \nestimated taxes are really NECESSARY in the first place.  Its OK to owe\n the IRS a large amount of money when you prepare your income tax \nreturn.  You just dont want to be underpaid and get hit with \nunderpayment penalties.As part of this exercise youll need to enter your 2015 information - if you didnt use TurboTax to prepare your 2015 income tax return - so that TurboTax can properly calculate the safe harbors that get you to the point where you wont be underpaid.Tom Young 
TT Online autosaves. In order to access your return, you must use the EXACT account (same username and password) that you used when filing.  To see if you have more than one TT account, see the information below.\n\nTo find out if you have more than one TurboTax account, simply sign in here, enter your email address, and click Continue to get an e-mailed list of all accounts tied to that email. Repeat for other email addresses you may have.\n 
In your other post, you said you also sent a W-7 form. Per the IRS, allow 8 to 10 weeks if you submit documents during peak processing periods (January 15 through April 30).http://www.immihelp.com/newcomer/individual-taxpayer-identification-number-itin.pdf 
You report the stipend in 2015 and report the payback in 2016.\n\nIf\nyou repy amounts reported as income in the prior year -\n\n\nif the\n     amount is $3,000 or less, it is a miscellaneous itemized deduction subject\n     to the 2% limitation.\nif the\n     amount is more than $3,000, it is a miscellaneous itemized deduction which\n     is not subject to the 2% limitation.\n\n\nIf\nthe amount was received under a claim of right (you had\nunrestricted use of the funds but later found out you didnt), you have one\nmore choice:  if the amount is more than\n$3,000, you can choose instead to claim a credit for the additional tax\nincurred by reporting the repaid amount in income. See IRS Publication 525 for an\nexplanation of that method. Look under deductions and credits, then other\ndeductible expenses, then less common expenses if the amount is under $3,000. \n\nTurboTax\non-line does not support the claim of right computation. TurboTax desktop,\nin the forms mode, permits the credit to be entered in the smart\nworksheet above line 72, but you still would need to compute it manually.\n\n 
To amend a prior year return where you didnt use TT you will need to buy the 2014 program and enter the originally filed return first until the return in the program looks exactly like the one you filed.  Then you will amend the federal return and only then complete the original state return (do not amend the state since you never filed an original). https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
Anyone who is an independent contractor and receives a 1099-MISC or no form to report his income is considered to be in their own business by the IRS. You need to file a schedule C with your form 1040. Home & Business is the best online product to enter your income and expenses with. You enter them in the Business section. 
No, you do not, if you have not yet filed California.  Turbotax does not know that, which is why it generated the 540X. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
You will need to speak with an agent who can access your account information.  Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 
You cant use the current online product to prepare a 2014 tax return. You must buy and download the 2014 product and install it on your computer. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Prior year tax returns must be printed and mailed. They cannot be efiled. 
It means exactly what it says. NYS has finished its audit, and will be sending you a letter within 30 days with the results. 
I assume you took the distribution and did not use the distribution to pay qualified medical expenses, hence the 20% penalty.In addition to the 20% penalty youll also owe taxes at whatever your marginal tax rate is, and nobody know that rate but you.  Probably a 15% - 20% rate will be be fine.  Unless this additional income is so large compared to your regular income, which Im assuming is subject to withholding taxes, theres no real need to pay the tax and penalty at this time and you should be able to wait until you file your 2016 income tax return.You can always make an estimated tax payment in the amount of 35% to 40% of the distribution, submitting your check along with a Form 1040ES voucher.  (https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf  page 11).  Then when you prepare your 2016 income tax return youll report this payment on line 65 of Form 1040 (2016 estimated tax payments and amount applied from 2015 return) as a tax credit.  Tom Young 
Most brokerages or fund companies that offer brokerage accounts  that are self-directed will take your account..  You can buy one share of Amazon for $8 commission at Fidelity, for example. A better investment than a bank CD, by any measure. 
Are you tracking your return on the IRS web site? What does it say: www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.htmlYou might try get the Taxpayer Advocate involved. Here is the phone number: 877 777-4778
To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
There is no one on this site or at TurboTax that can find out what is going on. Have you called the IRS? 800 829-1040.You might try involving a Taxpayer Advocate at the IRS. Here is the phone number: 877 777-4778 
Are you asking if you can pay your owed taxes with a check belonging to your parents bank account?As long as your parents are OK with it, sure! The state will take the money, they dont care who pays it as long as they get paid! 
start a new 2014 return with Turbotax 2014 CD / Download version running on your own computer. 
How do you know his amended return cleared? It must be printed and mailed and takes 16 weeks or longer to process. Even after it is processed, the IRS database may not be cleared to allow you to efile. You can try efiling and see if it rejects or not. If it does, you will need to mail your return.There is no extra fee for efiling. The fees are to pay for the preparation of the tax return. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
It really doesnt matter who earns how much ... the important thing is to keep the taxpayer & spouse listed in the same position every tax year so you dont confuse the IRS. Now your issue is probably that you filed an extension under a different account than you usually use so ...just log in under your usual UserID and only use that account and abandon the other account that you started to file the extension.
\n\n\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You do not file an 8332, you give it to your ex.  When he efiles his return he indicates that he is the NONcustodial parent but has the 8332.  Then HE sends it in with a transmittal form that Turbo tax will provide.  Your ex is doing something wrong.And YOU should claim ALL the daycare expenses.  Your ex can claim him as a dependent (with the Form 8332) but he cannot claim any child care expenses (because he is the noncustodial parent). 
For your SEP-IRA, unless you filed an extension, the deadline for a 2015 contribution would have been April 18th.  You can make a SEP contribution now without an extension, but it will considered a contribution for tax year 2016.  It has nothing to do with an RMD that will be required once you become 70 1/2.  If your 70th birthday is September 2016, you will not be required to take an RMD from your SEP until April 1 of 2018. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You should have written down and kept your PIN for use now. But TurboTAX may have remembered it for you.Otherwise you have available the other option: enter your AGI from 2014 instead of a PIN. 
You can request that the trustee withhold tax which is just like W-2 withholding.  The withholding will be applied to offset your tax liability when you file.   The tax that you actually pay will be based on your marginal tax rate as the IRA distribution is taxed as ordinary income. 
If you are a CA resident going to school in OR, and if your purpose for being in OR is to attend school, then you retain your CA residency and are an OR non-resident.Since you asked about deduction in OR, I presume you had OR-sourced income while in school there.As an OR non-resident, you are only taxed by OR on OR-sourced income.You of course also must file a resident CA tax return form 540. OR's tax process begins with your federal adjusted gross income, then it adds and subtracts values where OR does not conform to federal tax laws.Your student loan interest (up to a limit) is an "above the line" entry on your federal return.  It is not a "deduction" on either state's income tax return, but instead it is an "adjustment" to income on your federal return.So, it is not included in your federal AGI.Since both CA and OR conform to the provision for exclusion of a certain amount of student interest, neither state's tax return adds back the student interest adjustment from your federal return.See the instructions on page 16 of the OR non-resident tax return booklet at:   https://www.oregon.gov/DOR/forms/FormsPubs/part-year_101-045_2015.pdfAlso see the federal provisions on student loan deduction at:   https://www.irs.gov/publications/p970/ch04.html 
Very simply! Super user friendly !Excellent superb efficiency i loved it i am never going back to a tax office( no they didnt pay me to say this)Maybe they should  Lol good luck 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
Unfortunately, there is absolutely no connectivity between the Personal program [your Schedule C] and the Business program [1065].  It is going to require a total re-entry.However, I dont understand:  You filed a Form 1040 and Schedule C for 2013.  You did not file a Form 1065 at all for 2013.So now what are you planning on doing?   Sounds like you will have to:\nFile a Form 1040X Amendment and remove certain deductible expenses.\nFile a Form 1065 for those expenses.\nBut what are you doing with the business income?  Doesnt it also flow to the 1065 along with the expenses? 
Since you cannot efile a 2010 return any longer you cannot pay the balance due electronically.If you are filing the 2010 return now it must be mailed and you can either send a payment with the return ... OR ... pay online directly on the IRS web site...  https://www.irs.gov/payments 
You are looking at the 2016 estimated payment vouchers NOT payment vouchers for the 2015 balance due.  Those forms can be ignored if you do not wish or do not need to make them.As for the installment payments ... it can take time for the debits to start.  The IRS will send you a letter either accepting or refusing your terms.  Wait for that letter before you panic. *****************************************************************************************Our tax system is\npay-as-you-go, which means youre supposed to pay tax on your income as it\ncomes rolling in.\n\nIf youre earning\nwages or a salary, your employer or payroll department takes care of that by\nwithholding taxes from each paycheck. But if you receive income that\ndoesnt come from an employer, its up to you to make estimated tax payments on that income\nif you want to avoid possible underpayment penalties.\n\nGenerally, you should\nmake estimated tax payments if you are self-employed or if you expect\nto receive significant income from non-wage sources such as retirement\naccounts, rental income, stock sales, interest, dividends, or alimony.\n\nWage-earning couples,\nparticularly those with substantial incomes, may also need to pay estimated\ntaxes if their withholdings arent enough to cover the so-called marriage\npenalty.\n\nWell automatically\nprepare estimated tax payment vouchers (Form 1040-ES) if your current tax\npayments put you at risk for an underpayment penalty next year.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nCan TurboTax calculate the estimated payments for next\nyears state taxes?\n\n        \nHow do I get credit for estimated tax payments?\n\n        \nCan TurboTax figure out next years federal estimated\ntaxes?\n\n        \nWhy Does TurboTax Print Estimated Tax Payment Vouchers?\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You must respond. Indicate you waive any claim for additional refund or credit  and accept NY adjusted tax return. 
How did\nyou prepare the 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript\n\nA full copy of the return from the IRS costs\n$50 and takes several weeks.\n\n \n\n \n\n 
You will be able to file\njointly with your spouse for tax year 2015 .\n\nHowever you will need\neither a social security number (if they are eligible) or a taxpayer\nidentifying number to include your new spouse on your return.  Use IRS\nForm W-7 to apply for a Taxpayer Identifying Number.  A copy is\nhere: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw7.pdf .  You need to attach your federal tax return to the application.\n\nThe tax return and W-7 are mailed to:\n\nInternal Revenue Service\nAustin Service Center\nITIN Operation\nP.O. Box 149342\nAustin, TX 78714-9342\n\n \n\nWhen the number is issued you will receive a\nnotice in the mail and the federal return will be forwarded for\nprocessing automatically. Per\nthe answer from bine22 : \n\nFiling jointly might be\nbeneficial, but it definitely not always is.\n\nYou have three options to\nfile:\n\n1. Married filing\nseparately (or HoH if you have a qualifying child). You would have to print\nyour return and write NRA in the box for your spouses SSN/ITIN and file on\npaper.\n\n2. Married filing\nseparately (or HoH if you have a qualifying child) and claiming an exemption\nfor your spouse if they had no US source income. In this case you would need to\napply for an ITIN together with your tax return.\n\n3. Married filing jointly.\nYou would need to add a statement that you both choose to treat your spouse as\nresident alien and apply for an ITIN. However, in this case your spouse would\nhave to report worldwide income as well, but would be able to use the FEIE\nand/or foreign tax credit.\n\nYou need to carefully\nevaluate your options and choose the best for you and your spouse. They might\nnot want to expose their income to the IRS, even f its more beneficial. \nIf you yourself are eligible to use the Foreign Earned income exclusion and you\nincome is less than the maximum exclusion and you dont have any other or very\nlittle taxable income, filing separately is probably the best option.\n\nHave a look at publication 54: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p54.pdf\n\n \n\n 
You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
1040X Line 18 says Overpayment, if any, shown on your original return.So your Form 1040X is correct.Your original return and your Form 1040X return will be processed separately. 
Sorry the accounts cannot be merged or combined however since you have paid for the 2015 program in a different account from the 2013 return you can ask TT support to unlock it.       Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\nYou will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n
If she is the custodial parent then only she can claim the day care credit and she can claim all the day care expenses paid even if you paid them. 
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n 
If you submitted and were rejected your return is not filed.Just as well; if you need to file form 1040NR , TurboTAX does not support that, but other tax software packages are available that do support it.
Check the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/refunds
1. Type Form 8863 into the search bar in the upper-right hand of the screen2. Select Jump to Form 88633. Then you can edit the information as needed
\n\nSee https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269\n. That page has a link to an Accuracy Guarantee Submission Claim Form.\n\nA notice from the IRS or a state\nwould usually mean one of several things:\n\n\nThe \n     software made an error, \nThe issuer of an information return such\n     as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \nThe IRS or state made an error in\n     processing the return, or\nThe TurboTax user entered incorrect or\n     incomplete information or did not answer questions correctly.\n\n\nThe \nTurboTax accuracy guarantee covers any additional interest or penalties\nthat you would incur, but only due to the first type of error. To submit a\nclaim, see these instructions: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269 . (Note - the TurboTax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.)\n\n 
Actually, those data do apply to an ESPP.  The elements needed for the sale of a stock acquired via an ESPP are the grant date, (the first date of the offering period), the stocks FMV at that date, the exercise date, (the date of the purchase), the FMV at that date, and the plans discount percentage.  The sale of stock acquired via an ESPP can create compensation income, which is calculated differently for a Qualified vs. an Non-qualified sale, and this compensation affects the stocks basis.It seems like you must have used the ESPP step by step interview and left this information blank.  This information is usually communicated to you by a Form 3922.Tom Young 
\n\nAm I legally allowed to keep the money I received since I am the one that claimed her first?   Yes you are allowed to keep your refund ... and in my opinion she has no right to your tax refund unless you want to voluntary give some of it to her.  \n\n And if she files a return to  assert a claim to the child then here are the IRS tie breaker rules on this matter:https://www.eitc.irs.gov/EITC-Central/abouteitc/basic-qualifications/tiebreaker 
If, due to a parents\nnighttime work schedule, a child lives for a\ngreater number of days, but not nights, with the\nparent who works at night, that parent is treated\nas the custodial parent. On a school day, the\nchild is treated as living at the primary residence\nregistered with the school. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf at pg 14. 
Open your TT file.  Go to the Federal Taxes tab and select Wages & Income.
Since you did not use Turbotax, you must prepare the form yourself.
duplicate post 
Its a complex situation.To answer your basic question; If someone else claimed your dependent  inappropriately, and if they file first, your return will be rejected if\ne-filed. You would then need to file a return on paper, claiming the dependent  as  appropriate. The IRS will process your return and send you\nyour refund, in the normal time. Shortly (up to a year) thereafter, youll receive\na letter from the IRS, stating that your dependent  was claimed on another return.\nIt will tell you that if you made a mistake to file an amended return and if\nyou didnt make a mistake to do nothing. The other party will get the same\nletter you did. If one of you doesnt file an amended return, unclaiming the dependent , the next letter, from the IRS, will require you to provide proof. In your case, what is very likely to happen is the IRS will deny BOTH your claims of the dependents. Since the boys are being supported by three people, the IRS will most likely rule that nobody provides the necessary more than half their support.  In a situation like yours, where no one person  provides 50% of the support, then a multiple support agreement (IRS Form 2120) can be used, to allow you to claim the dependent. The bottom line is that the two of you have to agree who will claim each brother, or you need to be prepared to prove, conclusively, that you provide more than half their support.The boys may qualify as a\ndependent, but because they do not live with you, they cannot be a qualifying child for\nthe earned income credit, child tax credit, Head of Household filing status, or day care credit. There are two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC)* and\nstandard (Qualifying Relative in IRS parlance even though they\ndont have to actually be related). There is no income limit for a QC but there\nis an age limit and residency requirement that they live with you for more than half the year. Only a QC qualifies you for the Earned Income Credit and the\nChild Tax Credit. They are interrelated  but the rules are different for each.*My brothers father left them a few months ago. It matters, exactly when that was. If he lived with them for more than half the year; they are his qualifying children (unless the mother claims them), regardless of the support issue, and he can claim them and you cant. 
Paying estimates is a tricky balancing act so the best you can do is to reevaluate your potential 2016 return as situations occur and make the appropriate estimated payments as needed  OR   just wait to file the return and pay any penalty incurred.  Then you can use the annualized penalty method to reduce or eliminate the penalty.You can use the safe harbor rule to avoid a penalty  .... http://www.easyestimatedtaxes.com/estimated-tax-resources/safe-harbor-rule.htmlYou can use the 2015 program to complete 2016 estimates and change the numbers as the year goes by.  If you are not using the downloaded program you really should so that you can create multiple versions of your return and what if to your hearts delight.  You can use the 2015 TurboTax\nto make an estimate of your 2016 taxes and to print quarterly tax vouchers, but\nyou cant file your quarterly taxes with TurboTax. You can either mail your\nvouchers or you can file (more easily) using the IRS electronic payments system\n(EFTPS). See the following: https://www.eftps.gov/eftps/\n\nTo find the 1040ES in\nTurboTax:\n\nForm\n1040-ES: Individual Estimated Tax Voucher is used to submit quarterly estimated taxes to\nthe IRS.  Form W-4: Employees Withholding Allowance Certificate is submitted to your employer to change\nthe amount of taxes withheld from each paycheck.\n\nThese two forms apply\nto the following tax year, so make sure to use the correct tax year version to\ngenerate these forms. \n\n1.    Open your tax return or sign in to your\nTurboTax Online account.\n\n2.    Click the Federal Taxes tab (Personal tab in the Home & Business\nversion) and then click Other Tax Situations right below it.\n\n3.    Near the bottom of your screen, to the right\nof Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click Start or Update.\n\n4.    Follow the on-screen steps.\n\nWhen you\ngo through your state return, look for the Estimated Taxes screen, which youll see towards the\nend of your state interview.If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating a test\ncopy: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\nOr use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form\nname.. area type What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the\nworksheet - click on Open Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n \n\nYou CANNOT massage the .tax file in any way when\nusing the TT On-Line version.  ANY\nchanges (what-ifs) that you\nmake will PERMANENTLY change you .t
Yes, youll need a version of TurboTax for personal tax returns to prepare your personal income tax return.  TurboTax Business only for tax returns for corporations, partnerships, estates, trusts and multi-member LLCs (Forms 1120, 1120S, 1065 and 1041) and is a separate product from TurboTax for personal tax returns (Form 1040).  Any version of the CD/download version of TurboTax for personal tax returns is sufficient to report your Schedule K-1, although the higher versions will provide more guidance.  If you choose to use the online version instead, either TurboTax Premier or TurboTax Home and Business will be needed to enter your Schedule K-1.  (Unless you have a reason to file Schedule C, there is probably no reason to use TurboTax Home and Business over TurboTax Premier). 
Below is the accuracy guarantee however it sounds like what you have are user entry errors which are not covered.  Not entering the bond interest is why the child tax credit would have been off. And entering student loan interest without the form 1098-E to back it up is also a user error and the same thing for the MIP.  Sadly I thing the IRS has you dead to rights but you can challenge their decision if you can back up your position.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202723How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899933-e-file-rejection-r0000-902-01-your-taxpayer-identification... 
A good suggestion.I'll pass it along to the experts who review suggested changes.Of course, even the IRS refers to the first person listed on a joint return as the "Taxpayer" and the second person listed on a joint return as the "Spouse." 
If you efiled your return, you cant\nchange the direct deposit info.    \n\nOnce the IRS\nreleases the refund (watch here https://www.irs.gov/Refunds ) it is then up to your bank to receive\nand post the deposit. This can take up to 3 business days to happen as they\ncheck to see if it is a legitimate deposit. If the routing & account\nnumbers are correct AND if your name is on the account then the deposit should\nbe acknowledged.  If any of these things are incorrect the bank can refuse\nthe deposit and the IRS will automatically convert the refund to a paper check mailed to the\naddress on the return. This process of conversion can take 2 weeks or more to\nhappen.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb... 
To learn more about\namending your tax return, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-return\n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nWhat does it mean to\namend a return?\n\n        \nDo I Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill amending delay my original tax\nrefund?\n\n        \nWhat is the deadline for filing an\namended return?\n\n        \nCan I e-file my 1040X to amend my\nreturn? 
The IRS has apparently made a change to your tax return for some reason. Did the note from the IRS give you the reason why? Are you saying that the amount you owe is more than the penalty for failure to pay estimated tax? If the note didnt give you an explanation, you should receive another letter withing a couple of weeks explaining the reason for the change. 
It means someone logged into your TT account.  I get that message everytime I work on my return.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Use this TurboTax website for assistance with the IRS notice you received - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/Note - TurboTax support is open at 8am Pacific Time, Monday - Friday after tax season. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Direct Debit from your bank account to pay for North Carolina state taxes cannot be done through the TurboTax program.See the answer here - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3307373-question-on-nc-payment 
duplicate post 
If you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n \n\n\nPAYING ESTIMATES\nFor SE self employment tax - if you have a net\nprofit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% for 2015  SE\nTax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it.\nSo if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put\nyou into a higher tax bracket.\n\nYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments\nfor the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:\n- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax\nfor the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. \n \n- 2. You expect your withholding and credits to\nbe less than the smaller of: \n    90% of the tax to be\nshown on your current years tax return, or \n  100% of the tax shown on your prior\nyears tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\nTo prepare estimates\nfor next year, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return\n, click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated\ntax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will\nstart the estimated taxes section.\n\nOR Go to.\nFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)\nOther Tax Situations\nOther Tax Forms\nForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n
Open your 2015 tax return and type estimated taxes for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Say No to changing a W-4. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 return using the online editions -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Turbotax Online works only for current year (2015) taxes, and not for any other year.If you want to use TurboTax for any other year you will need to purchase the Desktop Version for each year that you need to file. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return. 
The feds can be slow and they may not take the payment until they process the return however check this ...\n  \n\n  \n    When\nwill my tax payment go through?\n  \n\n\nDuring\nnon-peak times, funds are usually withdrawn on the payment date you specify,\nassuming your e-filed return has already been accepted (received) by the IRS.\n\nIf\nthat date happens to fall on a weekend or federal holiday, the funds are\ntypically withdrawn the next business day.\n\n\n\nIn\nthe meantime, keep an eye on your bank account  if you still dont see the\ndebit 7-10 days after your return has been accepted, call IRS e-file Payment\nServices at 1-888-353-4537 or contact\nyour state tax agency, as appropriate.\n\n\n**** Make sure you set up the payment\ncorrectly ****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.
I assume your mother lives in New Jersey. The PTR-2 has no effect on how she files her income tax return. Income tax and the Property Tax Reimbursement (PTR) are two separate programs.If your mother is claiming itemized deductions on her income tax return, the amount she should use for real estate tax is the base year amount from line 10 of the PTR-2. 
If you had Medicare the entire year, just answer yes to the question that asks if you had health insurance all year.  In fact, having Medicare makes you ineligible for an ACA policy.https://www.medicare.gov/about-us/affordable-care-act/affordable-care-act.html 
First there is no fee to efile a return using the ONLINE version ... the cost is for the use of the program to complete a tax return that can be filed even if you have to mail it in.Next, not sure who you spoke to at the IRS but they are traditionally incorrect so ....Start by double-checking your\nSocial Security number in TurboTax. If its wrong, correct it and then resubmit\nyour return. If you entered it correctly then...\n\nNext check to see if you accidentally filed yourself by mistake\nearlier:\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this\nSecure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nThen if it wasnt you: \n\nThen its likely that another\ntaxpayer, inadvertently or otherwise, filed their return using your Social\nSecurity number.\n\nYou wont be able to fix this\nrejection; youll need to file a\npaper return and\nattach a copy of the IRS form 14039 http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f14039.pdf\n\nYou may be the\nvictim of tax-related identity theft.  Please see this TurboTax FAQ for\ninformation on how to proceed:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900655-tax-related-identity-theft\n\nWe strongly recommend that you\ncall the IRS Identify Theft Hotline at 1-800-908-4490. You can\nalso click here for additional information at\nIRS.gov.  http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Indications-your-identity-may-have-been-stolen-and-how-to-report-it-t...\n\n
Please see a local attorney.  And change your screen name on this public forum. 
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n\n\n
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\nIf still no luck, heres how to be assigned a\nphone number to the proper department at TT Customer Support during the\nbusiness hours shown below (it will not display when they are closed). \nRead all the steps first.\n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords without\nquotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: 8AM-5PM Pacific Mon-Fri.\n\nIf necessary, you can order a free transcript\nat the IRS website, which comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
What exact type of pension?  P.L. 104-95, prohibits state taxation of certain pension income of nonresidents received after December 31, 1995.Also, is your TT software updated?
The maximum amount you can elect to deduct for most section 179 property you placed in service in 2015 is $25,000. This limit is reduced by the amount by which the cost of the property placed in service during the tax year exceeds $200,000.The total cost you can deduct each year after you apply the dollar limit is limited to the taxable income from the active conduct of any trade or business during the year. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)Trying using the account recovery link below.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery
To enter your Injured Spouse claim on Form 8379\nSelect the Federal Taxes tab\nSelect the Other Tax Situations sub-tab\nScroll down to the bottom of the screen to Other Tax Forms then select Miscellaneous Tax Forms and press Start\nSelect Report an injured or innocent spouse claim and press Start\nBe sure you only answer the Injured Spouse questions and ignore any Innocent Spouse answers. Skip past the Your Request For Innocent Spouse Relief screen by scrolling to the bottom and pressing Continue \nYou should be able to E-file your return if you are making the Injured Spouse claim, however, processing of your return will be delayed. See https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Questions-&-Answers/IRS-Procedures/Injured-Spouse/Injured-Spouse-1 
In order to amend the state return, you have to open the return for that particular state and select the option to amend. 
Adding to SweetieJeans answer -- you can google for US banks in the Philippines -- there are quite a few including Citi Bank, Wells Fargo and Chase-JPMorgan.  You can also contact the US consulate in Manila and ask for help. 
Please check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
Maryland conforms tothe federal provisions on exclusion of capital gain on the sale of a principal residence. So, whatever gain was excluded from taxation on your federal return will be exempt from taxation on your Maryland state income tax return. 
If you prepared the\n2014 return online, however, then log into your account with the same User\nID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things you can do find and see if you can view/print the\nPDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nAnd if the return is locked then unfortunately there is no way around the upgrade fee. I applaud you for saving a copy on your computer last year however you really need to also save important docs to a removable medium like a flash drive for just this situation. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer.
As long as your son does not give more than $14,000 to any one person, he will not have to pay gift tax. If he gives $10,000 to you and $10,000 to your husband, he will not have to pay gift tax because he is giving less than $14,000 to each person. The fact that you are married doesnt matter. 
You would have to ask them however income is income even if it is paid thru the company on a K-1. On another note you really should be paying both owners even if you dont want to you need to  ... the IRS is really cracking down on this issue.The IRS position is\nthat an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable compensation to an officer before\nnon-wage distributions may be made.  The reason is that they feel that\nnon-wage distributions when no wages are paid is an avoidance of social\nsecurity taxes.  From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable Compensation\n\nS corporations must pay reasonable\ncompensation to a shareholder-employee in return for services that the employee\nprovides to the corporation before non-wage distributions may be made to the\nshareholder-employee. The amount of reasonable compensation will never exceed\nthe amount received by the shareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions and other payments by an S\ncorporation to a corporate officer must be treated as wages to the extent the\namounts are reasonable compensation for the service rendered to the\ncorporation.\n\nSeveral court cases support the authority of\nthe IRS to reclassify other forms of payments to a shareholder-employee as a\nwage expense and subject to employment taxes.\n\nThe page cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d\n1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one judicial finding on the IRSs authority to\nreclassify distributions to wages subject to employment taxes.  Factors to\ndetermine reasonable compensation are given in the ruling.\n\nThe AICPA has an interesting article on this\ntopic here: http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\nYou also might want to read a lively\ndiscussion on the Tax Almanac website here: http://www.taxalmanac.org/index.php/Discussion_Forum_-_Tax_Questions .  The substance of the discussion seems\nto be that taking a reasonable salary is not optional and, if you took\ndistributions with no salary, the distributions should be changed to salary\nwith appropriate employment tax returns being filed (late, if necessary.) \n\nThe fastest way to get audited as an\nS-Corporation is to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return. 
This is the USA forum. 
Federal payments for any tax year are not deductible on a Federal tax return.  A few states do allow a deduction so look in the state interview for that line of questioning. 
Please go to this link to pay your Maryland State Taxes.https://interactive.marylandtaxes.com/individuals/payment/ 
Yes the 2014 program allow all deductions & credits just like the 2015 program.  The only thing that is different is that you have to print, sign & mail in the 2014 return as efiling is only for the current 2015 program.Buy 2014 here ...\n  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/\n  \n 
Commuting expenses are not deductible.
If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time. 
You can amend a prior year tax return at any time.If you used TurboTax to originally file your 2014 tax return then see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending the return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 
Youll find Virginias rules on amended returns on page 4 of this reference:  http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/instructions/income-tax/2015/760-2015-instr... 
You may have a printer memory issue.  Try printing a few pages at a time. 
Your exposure to Capital Gains Tax depends on three major factors:\nYour Marginal Tax Rate - that is what percentage of your next dollar of income is taxed.\nWhether or not you have prior year Capital Loss carried over or have current year Capital Losses.\nYour marital status\nSee the attached image for the income break-points and capital gains tax rates. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
As we said before, not all states recognize common law marriage, so be sure that yours does and that you meet its requirements.  An Injured Spouse form typically takes 11-14 weeks to process, but there is no guarantee.
Paper filed Federal returns take at 4-6 weeks to process.  You can check here:https://www.irs.gov/refundsState times vary. Check your state tax website for the status. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
No one can contact you.   You can try posting your questions here in the user to user forum (might be faster than calling in) OR  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\n 
There is a chance that an amended return (starting with the IRS changes) to add your spouse will be accepted ....  you can try however the rules on amending back returns for recently issued SS# s have recently changed and it may not be accepted.
You should try irs.gov for free online software to do your tax. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets or Amend (change) returnAnd see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2015 return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If the state return was efiled and accepted then you will need to contact the state directly ....https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
Youre question is a little unclear, but are you asking about Mom claiming the kids as exemptions and for the child tax credit?  If you are, and if they are your dependents (they live with you, even if with you and Mom), just file a correct return claiming the children.  If Mom has already filed, you will need to file by mail.The IRS will pay the refund on your return.  In about a year, the IRS will inquire of both of you to determine which return is correct.  So long as you are the natural parent the IRS should rule in your favor.
If you have not filed then complete the FILE tab again from the beginning and pay the turbo tax fees with a credit card instead of using the other payment options.  Once the program is paid for choose to mail in the returns and the print option will be presented. 
All TT can do is send the returns to the taxing authorities and get them accepted for processing ...... they cannot and do not guarantee any refund dates as they dont have that kind of power. The IRS no\nlonger processes returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the understaffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they are likely\nto be much longer this year. \n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been\nfiled and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to\nsee where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n 
Here are the instructions for responding to the IRS notice.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
The IRS will send you a letter explaining why they reduced the amount of your refund. The letter usually comes a week or two after you get your refund. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. (Note - if the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Yes, you'll need to prepare an amended return to include the Schedule C.  You will also need to write a letter explaining the personal monies that are included in the 1099K.   I believe the CP2000 letter you received has instructions on the backside of one of the pages that explains how to send a 1040X along with the CP2000 response.. You'll write CP2000 across the top of the 1040X return and send it along with the explanation letter and the response page of the CP2000 to the address shown in the CP2000 notice. 
Save/view/print a copy of the return with the worksheets included to find what you seek ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 
See the instructions at the following link to clear your return and start over in TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Federal and state refunds are not issued at the same time.  Did you have TT fees deducted from the Federal refund?
The IRS no\nlonger processes returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the under staffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they have been taking  much longer this year. \n\nFirst -- verify that your returns have been\nfiled and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites to\nsee where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n
No.  If it is your first job or there is a long gap between jobs in same field your expenses are not deductible. SInce the computer can be used for other things then your job search it is not deductible anyway.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899475-can-i-deduct-job-search-expenseshttps://www.irs.gov/uac/job-search-expenses-may-be-deductible 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Sadly the information about the Refund Processing cost is on the screens of the program when you got to the FILE tab and were asked how you wanted to pay for the TT fees.  And you even had to agree to the fees on the next screen then all the fees were listed on the final screen where you had the third chance to refuse them.  Could the program have made the cost more prominent ?  Like in flashing red lights?  Yes they could however users would probably not notice that either. If you dont like this industry wide practice of paying a third party bank to receive your refund and pay out the TT fees then just pay upfront with a credit/debit card. Just dont expect this practice to change anytime soon.
When searching for forms, you have a few options available to you.  The form you are requesting Carryovers to 2013 Smart Worksheet is probably not in Turbo Tax 2014 but if it is, Im going to tell you how to find it.  I believe youll need to go to irs.gov/forms and search under 2014 Publication 536 Net Operating\nLosses (NOLs)\nfor\nIndividuals,\nEstates, and\nTrusts.  This has the worksheet as a part of the publication.  It also has the instructions to complete form 1045, application for a tentative refund (maybe 1045X for you based on the time between the loss and the date you are claiming it) which youll need to complete as well.  If you are able to find the form in the 2014 software, here is how...while logged into the program you should see these options across the top FILE EDIT VIEW TOOLS ONLINE HELP etc. Choose VIEW select FORMS This gives you a view of your tax return as if you were doing it manually with all your forms.  Just below TURBO TAX on the left is an icon that says Open Forms.  From here, you can click the + to expand the choices or you can type in the search box.  *Note: See attached, all screen views are shown in the document, choices are circled, and a conversation bubble gives you more info.*To go back to step by step from here, simply choose VIEW again and select step by step.             You could also go back by clicking on step by step which is displayed on the top right.
For each property you will have to calculate on paper your 50% of land value listed separately in  The Turbotax program ;land is not deprecated.For each property you will have to calculate on paper your 50% of  original total purchase  cost and enter that in  The Turbotax program  then the 50% calculated land value as calculated ;the program will then from those two numbers to calculate your 50% of yearly depreciated. Use your original placed in service date and then The Turbotax will display a screen to list your 50% of accumulated depreciation taken over the years.You will do the same for each improvement for each property.If you have any passive losses you will enter your 50% of the losses on the the screen tell us about this property ;scroll down to reveal if not displayed.[next screen gives a place for input. .To confirm your data the sum of the each 50% will equal the yearly data you have been reporting.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525 
Try a different internet browser. 
If your 2013 online return is locked, you just have to pay for a 2015 online return to automatically unlock it.  You dont have to actually finish a 2015 return and file it.First be aware that you can get a free copy of the 2013 tax transcript from the IRS at the link below.  It comes by postal mail in 5-10 days.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptTo pay to get access to your 2013 online TurboTax return, you can start a 2015 online return in the same account.  So before starting and paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked return.   The minimum purchase is Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).    Heres how:\nLog in and start a new 2015 online return in the Free Edition. \nOnce you are past the blue Simple and accurate screen, there will be an Upgrade link at the top.\nUpgrade to Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).\nAfter upgrading, then you need to pay at the Print Center.   To get there click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you for payment.\n\n 
No one but you can access your tax returns, so no one can provide you a copy. You must log on to your account and access/print the returns yourself.
You must have used the Refund Processing Service to have the TT fees withheld from your federal refund so that account number is your temporary account set up at the processing bank to receive the refund from the IRS. The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS >>> to the third party bank >>> to your bank account.\n This process can take up to 3 business days depending on your banks time\ntable for posting deposits.  Check with your bank and make sure that you\nentered the correct routing & account numbers on the return.  If they\nare wrong or your name is not on that account then your bank may/will refuse\nthe deposit and the processing bank will convert your deposit to a paper\ncheck. \n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nCheck  SBTPG by\nlogging into their website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Follow the tool here to get that amount from the ACA ...  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/#/year 
In addition to the above steps, you can call customer support and ask to speak to the security team.  It is almost impossible to stop someone who has your personal information from creating a new (false) account in your name, on any tax web site.  However, that account can be locked to prevent it being used again.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
This has nothing to do with the W-2 issue ... it is a security function and since this is your first time filing that was probably the trigger so simply respond as the notice directs you to do ... read the notice carefully and be prepared to answer the questions presented.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter 
Hand your stock to your broker to keep in your account, and you will have only one dividend number to report. 
You will owe more due to the SE taxes missed on the original return .... Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20. 
I left you a link above for phoning TurboTax Customer Support if you need further assistance.TurboTax does have 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return.  It is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jspIf you havent already filed, you may be to clear your return and start over:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894467-can-i-switch-to-a-lower-priced-version-of-turbotax-onlineTurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (will likely require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 
Answered as a comment!! 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Although the program offers to do the proration for you should ignore the help and do it yourself if you converted the home to a rental completely and you didnt use it personally after the conversion.  In fact make sure you do not enter any personal use days or the program will treat the property as a vacation rental which you do not want.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3216501-do-i-need-to-prorate-deductions-on-a-rental-property-i-con...
Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20. 
Your 1099-R being "from" OH still represents NM income.  The source state of retirement income generally does not matter.  It is where you live that determines your state income tax liability.  If any NM state income tax withholding was deducted from your 1099-R gross, then that form should be included with your mailed NM tax return.From page 39 of the instructions for New Mexico Form PIT-1:at:   http://www.tax.newmexico.gov/Individuals/personal-income-tax-forms.aspx" ... include W-2 forms and other income and withholding information returns that show New Mexico income and tax withheld ..." 
What kind of 1099?  You have already filed?  You can go to each 1099 section like Interest or Dividends or Retirement and see which ones you did enter.Check for Interest & Dividends here,Federal Taxes tabWages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Interest and DividendsInterest on 1099INT - Click the Start or Update buttonDividends on 1099-DIV- Click the Start or Update buttonIf you can't get back into your return after filing, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return. 
you need not include tax documents that dont show state (or city) income tax withheld. 
A child of a taxpayer can still be a Qualifying Child (QC) dependent, regardless of his/her income, if:1. He is under age 19, or under 24\nif a full time student for at least 5 months of the year, or is totally &\npermanently disabled2. He did not provide more than 1/2 his own support\n\n\n\n\n\n3. He lived with the parent\n(including temporary absences such as away at school) for more than half\nthe yearThere\nare two types of dependents, Qualifying Children(QC) and standard (Qualifying\nRelative in IRS parlance even though they dont have to actually be\nrelated). There is no income limit for a QC but there is an age limit. Only a\nQC qualifies you for the Earned Income Credit. If he does not qualify as your QC (usually because of the age or student rule), he cannot be your Qualifying Relative dependent if he has more than $4000 of taxable income 
Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore.  If you have not amended the return yet then follow these instructions ....\n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962 \n\n\n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n \n  \n\n  If you did complete the amendment process by accident then ...\n>>> IGNORE the refund meter, any payment vouchers & the form 1040X\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n\n\n \n\n 
Turbo Tax is not responsible for the payment not being completed as directed.  All the program does is send the return for processing with the payment request information you entered.  So if that info was incorrect  it is a user entry error and out of the programs control. Any failure to file or pay penalties and interest that was added are your responsibility alone.Check the printout or PDF\nof your return; look for the federal and state cover sheets with the Turbotax\nlogo.  \n\nIf you owed tax, they will\nshow the payment information and how you decided to pay. \n\n>If you selected credit\ncard, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.  \n\n>If you selected debit\nfrom your bank account, that information is passed on to the state and IRS and\nthey will do the debit when they process your return information -- usually 1-3\nweeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\n\n\n\n\nNow if the payments did happen timely then send proof of the payment to the taxing authority claiming otherwise. 
You will file a part year NY return however since you had no CO income it really doesnt make a difference either way. 
The refund needs to go from\nthe IRS to the third party bank to the card.  This process can take up to\n3 business days.  Track your refunds progress ...\n\nCheck the IRS :  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nCheck  SBTPG by logging into\ntheir website at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/\n\nOr you can get 24-hour\nautomated info by phone at:  https://cisc.sbtpg.com/contact.aspx\n\nCheck at netspend :  NetSpend\nCustomer Service Line 1-855-646-8848.\n\nhttps://www.netspend.com/help/contact_us.shtml 
If you dont recognize the letterhead and the response address, you may contact your state revenue division to find out if they sent you a letter.If you already mailed in your states copy W-2s youll have to make photocopies of the copy for your records. 
All TT does is relay the payment instructions to the taxing authorities when it sends the return electronically.  What happens to the payment from your bank is beyond the control of TT and they cannot help you in this matter.  However if you got a notice after you made a payment then simply respond back with the proof of when you paid and how much.  Send a copy of the bank or credit card statement to support your position.  If the payment didnt go thru timely no matter what the reason they can and do assess penalties & interest which is almost impossible to refute. 
For Turbotax Online: You cannot\nprint without preview removed until your return has been e-filed\nand accepted by the IRS, and your Turbotax fees have been paid.  This is\nto prevent you from printing a clean copy of a return that might be different\nfrom what is eventually accepted.  If you have not filed, you need to\nfinish.  If you have already filed, log in to your account and make sure\nyour return was accepted by the IRS. Sometimes the preview occurs\nif the PDF was generated before your return was accepted.   To nudge the\nprogram into creating an updated PDF, see the tip here, https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-only\n\nIf this is for a return\nfiled for the tax year 2014 or earlier, there is no easy way to create an\nupdated PDF because the online program is only for 2015.  You will\nneed to download a copy of Turbotax and your tax data file to your computer,\nand print the return from your computer.  Call customer support during\nbusiness hours for assistance. To contact customer support, use this link M\n- F 8AM-5PM Pacific. Type a keyword and you will get an appropriate phone\nnumber for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link\noutside of normal office hours.) https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nFor Turbotax Desktop\n(installed on your computer), you should not see preview at this time.\n Check for any program updates, then write back with more details of your\nsituation.\n\n \n\n 
Since the IRS data base is corrupt you will have to mail in your return this year.  And before next tax season get that information corrected in the SS data base since that is where the IRS gets their information. 
Unfortunately your refund or lack there of has nothing to do with the fees you pay to prepare your tax return. Our job is to assist you in getting the return completed and informing you of any and all credits and deductions that you qualify for. If you are having to owe you may need to adjust your withholdings by filling out a new W-4 with your employer. Hope this helped. 
To get the check traced or reissued for the feds ....https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...And your state should have a similar process ... contact them for the instructions.
I dont know what youre seeing.   Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  So the first thing to do is check for multiple accounts.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, there is no Some things you can do, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you are still unable to find your return that way, then you should phone TurboTax Support today, because they will be closed over the weekend.    You can use the info below to be assigned a phone number.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5453823 
To complete a 2014 return for a single member LLC that has NOT incorporated you will need the 2014 downloaded or CD version of the program.  You can use Deluxe however the Home & Business version will give you the most guidance. You can buy it directly at TT or from a reliable online retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
Once you have filed your return and it has been accepted, you cant make any changes to your direct deposit information. If the bank refuses the direct deposit, the IRS will issue a check and mail it to the address on your tax return. 
The IRS maintains its records by SSN, which is why you must enter that to get your refund status. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Even without the correct current email\naddress you can also get a list of (and eventually access) your online accounts\nthat are associated with your SSN.    Go to the account recovery\ntool below.   When there, choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or User ID, and it will look up all your accounts by SSN\nand other parameters.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\n\n\n 
It cannot be fixed after the fact and no new extensions can be filed at this late date.However, if you file a joint return then your extension covers him as well.
Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed. 
Try one of these methods to get a fresh complete PDF ...You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\n3.   After the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes\nloading, youll be back inside your return. You can then select Print Center from the My Account drop-down. 
You should delete the amount shown on your tax return as being paid with the extension. Type estimated taxes paid in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Scroll down until you see Payments with Extension. Click on the line that has the amount of federal extension money paid and delete it. 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on removing the Plus edition - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583649-can-i-remove-plusSee this TurboTax support FAQ on removing the Refund Processing Service - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceIf you are unable to remove either or both of these options, then you will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for assistance.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
I called the Vermont Department of Taxes at (802) 828-2865 and asked your question of them.They answered that if your original return was filed electronically and it included the W-2 information, you do not have to attach a W-2 to your IN-155.See the Q&A page specifically about the software issue on the Vermont Department of Taxes website at:   http://tax.vermont.gov/individual/commercial-software-errorsAlso see the TurboTax FAQ on the Vermont issue at:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.htmlSee the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
This is the TurboTax US user forum.  You need to go to the TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
If your refund was rejected or blocked because you were attempting to get the refund on a bank account or pre-paid card that you did not own, the next step depends on how you originally filed.If you used the refund processing service to pay your Turbotax fees, and get the rest on a new prepaid debit card, or get the rest sent to an existing prepaid card, then the refund was processed by SBTPG bank.  They may still have the money, although they will send it back to the IRS after an extended period of time.  You need to contact them to see what the next step is.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If you did not use refund processing to pay your fees, and you requested that the IRS deposit your refund to an existing pre-paid account that was not owned by you, then the IRS will be mailing a check to the address on the tax return.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n
Yes. To verify that you got the deduction, for military retirement (or any other qualified retirement), look at line p on the SC tax form, SC 1040. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Yes, but it requires TT Business: https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/
I dont think you can amend solely for a new address.  It might be easier for your husband to write a letter to the mortgage lender regarding where he actually lived, and include documentation of that.As far as the IRS is concerned, did you both meet the requirements for HOH for 2014 by living apart the entire second half of the year, with a qualifying dependent? 
First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your fees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS and your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the deposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a paper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...If it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your fees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open an account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then send the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are supposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in case the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.To check how you requested your refund and what account numbers you actually used, you can log into your account, download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the instructions page.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nState refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, SBTPG does not get involved.
You cant do that with the Online software.But you can download your 2014 datafile from your online account timeline (as long as you are logged in to the exact-same account you used last year).Then buy and download the T^TX desktop software....start up a dummy file to download and install the correct state tah you need...then open that 2014 datafile..and play with it there.  You should probably make several copies of that datafile, with slightly different filenames,  before you open it, so that you will always have an un-modified original.  You can buy the 2014 H&B software download here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
If you saved pdf files of your tax returns with all the worksheets, the 1099-R worksheets would be in those files. 
International Services If you are a taxpayer with specific individual or business account questions you should contact the IRS International Taxpayer Service Call Center by phone or fax. The International Call Center is operational Monday through Friday, from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. (Eastern Time):Tel: 267-941-1000 (not toll-free)Fax: 267-941-1055
If you used Turbotax installed on your own computer for 2014, then you are the only person to have a copy of your tax file.  It is normally in your Documents folder and named firstname lastname 2014.tax2014.If you used turbotax online for 2014 and your return is locked, you will need to contact customer support.  I dont know why you got a busy signal, there may have been a temporary glitch.  Try again on Monday, between 8am and 5 pm Pacific time (11am to 8 pm eastern time). 
The money your brother paid you could be a loan or a gift, either way, you deduct the taxes as if you paid them, he cannot.Then, you can either repay the gift without interest -- he pays no tax on the loan payments and you get no deductions -- or you can pay him back with interest, in which case you only deduct the interest, not the principle, and he has to pay income tax on the interest, but not the principle. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
http://www.bizfilings.com/learn/moving-business.aspx 
Michigan may or may not correct your error. If they dont correct it by Labor Day, file an amended return.
If you completed your return with the TurboTax online editions for tax year 2013, then you can download the amend software from your 2013 online Timeline.  There is no charge for the amend software from your 2013 Timeline.See this TurboTax support FAQ for amending a return originally completed using the 2013 online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2536915-how-do-i-amend-a-2013-return-originally-filed-with-turbota... 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...
You must file a 2015 DC Individual Income tax return if  You were a District of Columbia (DC) resident in 2015 and wererequired to file a federal income tax return. (A resident is anindividual whose permanent legal residence is within the Districtduring the taxable year); or You maintained a place of residence in DC for a total of 183days or more during 2015 even if your permanent residence wasoutside DC; or You were a member of the United States (US) armed forces and DCwas your legal residence for tax purposes for all or part of 2015.Note that even if you are the spouse/registered domestic partner ofsomeone not required to file, such as a non-resident Congressionalappointee, and you meet any of the above requirements, you yourself must file.http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/otr/publication/attachments/2015_D-40%20BOOK_0422... 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
It depends on your States Medicaid laws, but in most cases that is acceptable.  You should contact your local Medicaid office to ask them for the rules in your State.https://www.medicaid.gov/medicaid-chip-program-information/by-state/by-state.html 
Resolved in comments above. 
See the attached screenshot.Are you saying your 2014 Timeline does not have the options shown as in the screenshot? 
There are several calculators you can use to determine that for you. No one could tell you how many without knowing many details of your tax situation.You can use the one within your 2015 tax return. Open it up and type W-4 in the search box and then Find then jump to.You can use this one from the TurboTax web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/Or here is one from the IRS: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/ 
That is correct - you cannot double-dip.   Making a direct QCD from your RMD makes that portion of the IRA distribution totally not taxable so that part of the distribution will not be added to your taxable income, otherwise the distribution will be part of your taxable income.Taking it as a Schedule A deduction will only be of benefit if all of your itemized deductions exceed the standard deduction then only that amount that exceeds the standard deduction will reduce your taxable income (assuming that itemized deductions are not limited because of high income). 
Personal loans to individual (whether family or friends) are not considered tax deductions. Were you going to deduct it from your taxable income as an expense? 
Open your return and type 8863 in the search box and click one of the phrases in the drop down box and click on Find then jump to. Click on Edit for your daughter and follow the screens until you come to the screen that has the information you need to correct. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Any 401k contribution you set up will automatically come off the top of your Wages on your W-2.BUTYour 401k contribution is limited  to $18,000 per year. If you hit that limit, there are other investment vehicles. 
You can download the tax data file from your 2014 Timeline.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Line 15 a & b for an IRA or line 16 a & b for other retirement types on the 1040 form (lines 11 & 12 for a 1040A). 
My question is are the insurance companies reporting the amounts that we collect as a co-payment?If I understand your question, Im not sure how they could collect it.  They would have no idea whether your patients paid the co-insurance payment or not, and they didnt pay it to you. 
Social security only\nbecomes  taxable when added to sufficient other income. If you are\notherwise required to file a tax return, you do need to enter it in Turbotax\n(TT). TT will determine the taxable portion.Social security (including SSDI) becomes taxable when your income,\nincluding 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly(MFJ): $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately and lived with your spouse at any\ntime during the tax year: $0\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nTT prints out your return, it will provide you with the  IRS social security worksheet showing you how\nthe taxable amount was calculated.  If you failed to report other income and the IRS found out about it, they will recalculate to see if the additional income makes more of your SS taxable.If you need help from TT with determining if the IRS notice is correct, see https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/You can also provide more detail and someone here in this user forum may be able to help you 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets.If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836
She made a gift to the two of you,. which is not taxable income.  Or were either of you listed on the deed? 
What exactly are you experiencing?   Once the program is installed, you dont need the disk to launch and use the program.  What do you mean by I cant open the program?If you lost your CD, TurboTax Support can provide you a download in your account.  Unfortunately, they are not open on weekends, and will not reopen until Monday.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118 
Your tax return was self prepared so there will not be a third party preparer shown on the tax return.The ELECTRONIC POSTMARK - CERTIFICATION OF ELECTRONIC FILING will be included in the PDF of your tax return if you download the PDF to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Here are MDs rules for determining residency:http://taxes.marylandtaxes.com/Individual_Taxes/Individual_Tax_Types/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/D...And here are VAs:http://www.tax.virginia.gov/content/residency-statusYou need to read each states rules to determine how they each apply to your situation. 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html 
Well, since your federal was already accepted from this account then you can either give up and just mail it in ... OR ...  contact TT support for help.Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Please check your e-file status with the link below: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Please check your e-file status with the link below: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspThen check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
If you filed a return and forgot some 2015 tax payments then wait until the state finishes processing your original return before you amend it since this is an error that the state should fix for you automatically. 
No you cannot, since it was not secured by the motor home. 
If you did not purchase Audit Defense when you completed the 2014 return using TurboTax then contact the Audit Support Center using the following website for assistance.  Audit support is open from 8am to 5 pm Pacific time Monday through Friday - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/
First, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when\nyou filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other\nthan refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.\n If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040\n They should also be sending a letter with other information or\ninstructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is\nno help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\n\nIf it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your\nfees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS\nand your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the\ndeposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to\nthe address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a\npaper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were\napparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may\ncontact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
We need more information. Look at your W-2.  PA State wages (box 16) can be higher than Federal wages (box 1) because of the state tax treatment of certain employee benefits.  For example, employee contributions for dependent care, and contributions to an IRC Section 401 plan, are not excludable from Pennsylvania taxable compensation.  In addition, certain deductions are not allowed for Pennsylvania income Tax which are allowed\nfor Federal AGI.TT handles all this correctly, so it sounds like you may have done PA manually and mailed it in.http://www.revenue.pa.gov/FormsandPublications/PAPersonalIncomeTaxGuide/Documents/pitguide_chapter_0... 
Are you sure you sure you don't have more than one account that this information could be on? Many people have more than one account associated with their email address.Check to see if you have more than one account. You can have multiple User IDs with one e-mail address.Password and User ID recovery tool: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535To print a return you have already e-filed using TurboTax Online products:1.\tSign in to TurboTax Online, 2.\tClick Taxes3.\tClick My Tax Timeline4.\tScroll down to 2015 tax year and look for "SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO"5.\tClick Download all forms and worksheets under your 2015 tax return 
Youre getting the update notice, click install update and let the program update.  The update process has some points where it looks like nothing is happening, but be patient and it should finish.Alternatively, turn off your internet (turn off wifi or pull the plug) and then Turbotax will open without pausing for the update. 
If the fax machine does not answer, youll have to wait until they turn it back on.meanwhile use the time to review your updated tax return for correctness. 
No. Federal tax transcripts have nothing to do with state taxes.
Figure 20% (rule of thumb) and you should be in good shape. 
For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact
Amended returns take about 4 months to process.  But your question is confusing.  If you mailed a check for Federal tax due, then you are not getting a refund.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1 
pay the turbotax preparation fee - then you can see your entire tax return. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5018439 
There are two different PINs.  Everyone needs a 5 digit e-fiing PIN, if you e-filed last year you can use the same number, or use your AGI from last years return, or get a new one from the IRS web site.Some people also need an IP-PIN, this is a 6 digit security code that is issued to taxpayers who have been past victims of identity theft.  The IP-PIN is entered in a different place, under Other Tax Situations.If you do not need an IP PIN and just cant make the e-filing PIN work, you might want to just print your return and mail it in.  I dont know why some people have unfixable problems with the e-filing PIN but it seems to happen.If you also need an IP-PIN, make sure you arent mixing them up.  You can get a new IP-PIN from the IRS but they only mail it to you and it take about 10 days.  You can print and file by mail without it but your refund may be delayed, you should probably wait for the new IP PIN to arrive.  https://www.irs.gov/individuals/retrieve-your-ip-pin 
Sounds like you never went all the way to the end of the FILE tab and actually transmitted the federal return ... check that here and if you havent done so you can do so now...Check Your E-File\nStatus on this Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nHow to check on the IRS site:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
This is mainly a user community forum.  This type of issue needs to be discussed with TurboTax Customer Support.  Heres how you can speak to them on Monday.  They are not open on weekends.  Also review the FAQ link I left above about tax-related ID theft.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Youre going the wrong route.   If its looking for the 2014 file, it sounds like youre choosing to start a new return, which is NOT what you want to do.  When you launch TurboTax and start a new return, it normally searches for a 2014 file so that it can transfer the 2014 info into the 2015 return.  So that is what you are seeing.So to avoid that, do not start a new tax return.    Heres how to open an existing return.  Launch TurboTax, and up in the top left corner is a FILE menu.  Click on FILE, then in the dropdown choose OPEN Tax Return.   Then youll need to tell TurboTax where the *.tax2015 data file is located.   Normally its best to place the *.tax2015 data file in the \\My Documents\\TurboTax folder.NOTE:  If your *.tax2015 data file has a state return in it, then you need to download the state program into your 2015 product before opening the file, or you might get an error notice. 
Yes, you probably owe him taxes, because he probably had to pay tax on the sale. Its value doesnt matter. The taxable gain was the difference between sale price and cost basis. Cost basis was what they originally paid for it many years ago. The ownership switches also dont matter; the cost basis, in a gift, is still the original cost basis.There is a big tax exclusion so people who sell their main home. It appears you grandparents did not live there, recently, so they, as the owner/seller, are not entitled to that exclusion.
This is a public user-community forum.  Nothing account-specific can be handled here.   For any account issues youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday.  They are not open on weekends this time of year.To be assigned a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
It is very possible that you have a balance due on an amended return ....Look\nat the form 1040X \n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20. 
Here are several ways to view/print/save your online return.    A particular PDF by one method may \nnot have everything.  So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, but that is a pretty basic PDF.There should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that second larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method to get the most forms, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
It is to late to file for an extension request.  That needed to be done on or before April 18, 2016.To complete and file your state returns after you have filed the federal return -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where clicking on State Taxes will start the state program interview.See this TurboTax support FAQ for completing a state return after filing a federal return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3182020-how-do-i-file-my-state-return-after-i-have-e-filed-my-fede... 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Just call and dont worry ... you will pass the test if you just answer honestly.  And yes, the return is on hold until you comply. https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/taxpayers-receiving-identity-verification-letter-should-use-idverif... 
You do not need any forms such as 1099-MISC to report your income. Keep a good record of income and expenses to know what to enter on your annual tax return. Unless you form a legal business entity, you would report your income and expenses on the same tax return that you report you personal information at tax time each year. Your income and expenses are entered on a Schedule C and the net income from that flows to line 12 of form 1040. Estimated taxes should be paid quarterly. Those payments are in place of the withholding for persons being paid on a W-2. You must pay both ordinary income tax and self employment tax (social security and medicare) on your net income. You can use your 2015 tax return to estimate what the quarterly payments should be. Open your return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Skip the screen asking about a W-4. You may be able to print the forms using TurboTax or you can download the instructions and forms at this link and print the quarterly forms on pages 9 and 11: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf  The dates payments are due are on these forms. You cant keep any records in TurboTax throughout the year because the software for the tax year is not available until about the last month of the year. The Instructions for Schedule C may help you understand what you need to keep records of and report at tax time: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf 
If you e-file your tax return to the IRS there is no need to mail in the W-2 since the tax data from the W-2 is already entered in the e-filed return. 
Yes, as long as she is not filing a Joint return with her spouse. 
If you telecommuted, see:http://www.journalofaccountancy.com/issues/2009/jun/20091371.htmlhttp://www.cheatsheet.com/personal-finance/why-some-telecommuters-are-facing-double-taxation.html/?a...
Go to this TurboTax website for your order history and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp 
The IRS will notify you of these after they receive the tax payment. 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Your question is unclear.  If your child has to file his/her own tax return due to W-2 or 1099-MISC income of their own, the parents income is irrelevant to the childs taxes due (if any).  If the child qualifies as your dependent, the child must simply indicate that fact on their own return. 
All you can do is call the Missouri tax bureau.http://dor.mo.gov/contact/ 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changesOr if you have already filed your return and are replying to an IRS notice for a Form 8962, then see this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
Was Box 2a (taxable amount) on the 1099-R blank or said unknown?  If so, you are supposed to leave that box blank. If you entered a zero instead, that was incorrect.  Also be sure you answered all of the follow up questions correctly and completely. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2826056-im-self-employed-i-bought-a-new-service-van-used-exclusive... 
Print your returns, sign them, and file them by mail with copies of your W-2, 1099, etc forms.The tax agencies will investigate. 
\n\nYou can make a payment online at the IRS website, see the followinghttps://www.irs.gov/payments---------------------------------------------------------------------------You can also call the\nIRS at 1-800-829-1040 for more information; dont select Option\n1 for refund that will just take you to an automated response, instead:\n\n- Choose Option 2 (Personal income\ntax)\n\n- Then press 1 (Form, tax history,\nor payment)\n\n- Press 4 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- Press 2 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- When it asks you to enter your\nSSN or EIN to access your account information, dont enter anything.  After is asks twice, you will get another\nmenu\n\n- Press 2 for personal or\nindividual tax questions, it should then connect you to a live person\n\n 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You may have downloaded a tax data file (usually has a name like john smith 2015.tax2015.  That file will only open with a copy of Turbotax installed on the local computer.What you want is the PDF for all forms and worksheets or the PDF for your tax return.  Almost every computer has some type of PDF printing software installed.  If the apartment office does not, you can try a library or FedEx Office/Kinkos store, Staples store, or other location that offers business services. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Did you have the CD or buy the program download?  If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download If you can't find your download, use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Otherwise is you lost the CD, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
First check your data entry for any typos.Then send CA a letter with a copy of your W-2, 1099, and other forms that show taxes withheld. 
Go into the program; open your return, and go to the File tab. 
Sounds like the FTB decided you erred, your daughter didn't owe the $10, and refunded it. Don't worry, be happy. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
First of all did you already file 2015?  Then you need to amend it to add the 2014 property tax paid in 2015 (I assume you paid 2014 in 2015).IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section. 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).This will get you into your 2015 online tax return where you can make any needed changes 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You could have used a different login ID and password if you filed online.  To find another TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used the TurboTax Desktop CD/Download version installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  You may also have stored the file on an external device such as a flash drive, etc.   TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition 
If you did not use and pay for the 2014 TurboTax online editions of Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business, then access to the prior year online returns expired on October 15, 2015.If you do not want to start and pay for a 2015 TurboTax online account using TurboTax Plus ($29.99) to get access to the prior year tax returns until October 16, 2017 then you do not have to.You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptOr for a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf
Are you using the 2013 desktop software?\nHello SweetieJean,I am using the 2013 CD that I got from you in 2013. Everything works fine, except that I could not E-file, because its too late.  And, to File by Mail, I am not able to Review, Save, or Print.  Thanks.Janet. 
This is a public user community forum, and nothing account specific can be handled in this forum.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Support back if you continue to have fee issues.The FAQ belows explains how TurboTax will debit ones bank account if there is a delay at the IRS.  You should have gotten some emails offering you a chance to make arrangements to pay by another method.  What happens if the IRS hangs onto my refund for more than 45 days?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4169801To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Theyre saying he owes because he claimed me.I agree that it sounds like the IRS is saying that you do not qualify as his 2015 dependent, so he shouldnt have claimed you.  It may or may not have anything to do with you paying your back taxes. 
Check the Iowa unemployment authority website for the 1099-G.. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.
You must be able to document that they stayed with you at least 183 nights in 2015 in order to claim them.  Normally, you can do this by school records, medical records, their names on your lease, etc.And why are you paying child support if you are the custodial parent? 
The money does not go on the NetSpend card until the IRS actually issues your refunds.  You can check the status here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/limited-liability-company-llc 
Heres one way to print in the desktop version:\nLaunch your TurboTax desktop program, and open your 2015 return.\nClick on the Print Center icon in the top right corner in the top menubar.\nIn the Print window, choose the group of forms you need to print.\nYou can then choose to save as a PDF, or to Preview Print Copy, which opens a temporary PDF from which you can print.\nHeres another way:\nLaunch your TurboTax desktop program, and open your 2015 return.\nIn the top left corner click on the FILE menu in the top menubar.\nIn the dropdown choose Print.\nChoose the group of forms you need to print.\nYou can then choose to save as a PDF, or to Preview Print Copy, which opens a temporary PDF from which you can print.\n\n
You could have used a different login ID and password if you filed online.  To find another TurboTax account login, go to our account recovery page, enter your email address and follow the on-screen instructions. Well send you a list of all User IDs tied to that email address.Note: If you are currently signed in and are trying to recover information for a different account, please sign out before you visit the account recovery page.If you used the TurboTax Desktop CD/Download version installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  You may also have stored the file on an external device such as a flash drive, etc.   TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition 
Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3351816-i-need-to-pay-estimated-nj-taxes-for-the-2016-year-how-do-... 
Log into your account and check your e-file status or use this tool. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If it still says in progress, then you will need to call customer support.If the status tool says accepted, but the pdf or printout of your tax return says something else, there is a way to get the program to make a new PDF that has the current info.  See this,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993 
Go to Deductions and Credits, Charitable. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
I am not aware of any specific form with that name for PA.Rather, just write them a letter explaining your situation, and enclose proof that you moved to PA in 2014 (such as a signed lease, moving company receipt, etc.) 
NOTE:  Was your purchase for 2013 the desktop software; i.e., a 2013 program download?   This answer will assume that is what you are talking about.   If, however, you are talking about 2013 Online TurboTax, then you need to explain more.  If thats the case, are you wanting access to 2013 online returns that are locked in your online account?   You used the word They would not download so that makes me wonder if you used the online version.*************************************If you purchased Home and Business desktop edition (a software download) for 2013 from TurboTax, it should still be in your download account--IF you are logging in with the same user ID.I could not download because at the time I had windows 7.TurboTax 2013 works on Windows 7, so Im not sure what you meant by that.Look here and see if you see the 2013 download to retrieve:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find it there, then look for multiple accounts.  Many people end up with more than one without realizing it.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Try each User ID you found at the download link I provided above.  If you still cant find your download, heres how to phone TurboTax Support during business hours on Monday.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Be sure you are fixing them on the W-2 forms in in the Wages and Income section. 
From the IRS point of view, your child is your dependent.Whether she can still apply the divorce agreement to your situation when the child reaches 21 is not a tax question.  Its a local state law question that could vary from state to state.  You would best ask the attorney that handled the divorce as to how long the agreement applies to dependency. 
Accounts cannot be combined. Pick one and stick with it.
Previously answered:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3083643-error-in-filing-statusFiling status is in Personal Info, after the Dependent section. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
Turbo Tax would have no record of any payments to the IRS.  Did you send in the amount with a 1040V voucher or with a 1040ES payment slip?  If you sent an amount with a 1040ES that was an estimated payment for 2016 and not your 2015 payment.  Did your check clear your bank?  Check your bank statement or credit card.  Are you sure this isn't an additional amount due?  The IRS probably changed your return.  What letter number is up in the corner?  Should be a CP #.  Oh, and it is for 2015 or a prior year?You can log back in and check your return.  If you can get back into your return, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Then you should print out a copy of your whole return with all the worksheets,  https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
You will find a good list of what is and is not a qualified education expense in IRS Pub. 970,Tax Benefits for Education at this link;http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p970.pdf 
jump to  comes up when you search for a topic or use the Find box (CD/download)Your topic would be W-2. 
Heres where the AGI is located on your return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2551626-where-can-i-find-my-2015-agi-adjusted-gross-incomeSee this FAQ below on how to view/print a copy of your online return after filing:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
If you were used to the desktop product, you probably also missed not having Forms Mode in the online version.That what if option can only be done in the desktop (CD/download) version, which has several advantages over the Online version.The only way to play around with a return online is to use a different account.   Do not try to play around with your actual return, because Online TurboTax saves each time you change screens, so youd end up with a bogus saved return that would not reflect what you originally filed.TurboTax does have a Taxcaster tool for estimating 2015 tax, which one might be able to use for various scenarios, but its not as refined as a what-if scenario.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/You will eventually lose access to online returns unless you keep using an online product each year.   The 2015 online return you can access until October 2017 (unless you keep using TurboTax each year.)   You can download PDFs and the *.tax2015 data file, if desired.  Be sure to store them safely and securely to guard against computer theft, hacking, etc., since they contain a lot of personal and financial data. 
This is the first question I show that you have asked--at least under that username.  This is mainly a user community bulletin board, not a direct route to TurboTax Support, although we can tell you how to phone them during business hours.   People come and go, and will add onto a thread when they think they can contribute something.See the FAQ below on how to switch to a lower edition, and see if it will let you:FAQ: Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495 
I assume you used 2015 Free Edition and want to upgrade to unlock prior returns.  Before upgrading and paying, be sure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns.You are probably not seeing the Upgrade link because your return is closed.   To upgrade, you will first have to open up your already-filed return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make changes, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your return must start off exactly as originally filed.\n 
You may have trouble getting a copy from TT if you dont know the access info ... this is a security measure that TT support cannot circumvent.  Getting a copy from the IRS may be your best option.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577
Yes you can , DD is allowed on original tax return filing but not on amended returns.  That info is entered on page 2 of the form 1040 right above where you sign before you mail in the tax return. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you have foreign earned income you do not enter your income in the W-2 section of the program unless you actually received a W-2.  You enter the foreign income in the Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion section.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso, see this TurboTax support FAQ on foreign earned income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-income 
If you used the 2015 FREE version and have already filed the return ....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5471654\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf you have not used the 2015 program to file a return yet ... You have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n 
You cannot use the 2015 program to amend the 2014 return .... if you used the 2014 TT program to file your 2014 return then ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128 
If you are a US resident of a foreign country for the entire year and have no income from a US state or have state income taxes withheld from your pension income, then you do not file a state tax return.In the Personal Info section of the TurboTax program for your name, in the section for resident state select Foreign or US Possession at the bottom of the state dropdown.  Indicate that you did not live in any other states and that you did not earn income from any other states.In the Mailing Address section, under Type of mailing address choose Foreign Country.  You can then enter you address, State or Province, Postal Code and Country. 
Interesting ... they rejected the return & then sent you income transcripts ?  If they gave you the missing info then correct the tax return  and mail it in.  Do not amend it since it was never accepted & processed last year. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186197 
First verify that your order was either completed or not by using this TurboTax website - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jspIf the order was completed then sign onto your download account here - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf the order was not completed and your bank account was charged for the purchase then you will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
so I get tax benefits for my winnings and losses, and can write off some of my expensesNothing in setting up a single member (you) or multi-member (you and your wife) llc will change any benefits for winnings and losses, nor create more deductible expenses.  Their usual purpose is to provide some aspect of limited liability which would not apply to your situation.  Have you read something to the contrary? 
See if either of these options will work for you....You can print your\ncomplete return now by following the instructions below. These options will\ninclude all worksheets associated with your return, in addition to the official\nforms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and\n     click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax Timeline screen, in the Some\n     things you can do section, click Download\n     all forms and worksheets. \n     If you want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a\ncopy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.   Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.   In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a\nway to reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your return. You can then\nselect Print Center from the My\nAccount drop-down.\n\n\n\n 
Go into your TT account, open the return, and go to the File tab. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
For questions about CA taxes, go to https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help 
Since you claim him as a dependent, you have to include his health insurance on your tax return. His eligibility for the premium tax credit will depend on your income. If he received the advance premium tax credit you might have to repay part or all of what he received. The repayment, if any, will go on your tax return.You said here that he had no income. But in the question you posted back in April you said he had some income, but less than $3,000. If all his income was from working, and its less than $3,000, he does not have to file a tax return. If some of his income was from working, and he also had unearned income such as unemployment benefits, interest, dividends, or other investment income, he has to file a return if the unearned income was more than $350. Even if he does have to file, or if he chooses to file even if he is not required to, you still have to include his health insurance on your tax return if you claim him as a dependent. He does not put it on his tax return. 
If you started the amendment process and want to start over (reset) then do this ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nThen try these instructions for your situation instead ....Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n 
If you want to see if it is accurate and youre using the desktop version (which the icon in your post suggests you are), open the return and save it under a new name.  The new name is so you dont destroy the first file.  In the new file, add the 401k distribution and withholding and match the change to the IRS figures. 
TurboTax support cannot help you with Identity verification through the IRS.  If the website is unable to confirm your identity when using https://idverify.irs.gov/IE/e-authenticate/welcome.do then you will need to speak with an IRS agent.See this IRS website for information on the 5071C letter you received - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letterAs stated on the IRS website - If you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents 
If you used the on-line program you can only prepare one return per account.  If you tried to prepare a second return it over-wrote the first, making the first return unrecoverable.
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
After e-File, GA will send you a message saying ACCEPTED. If you did not get that e-mail message, your return probably was not filed. 
If you are eligible for an extension, blank Form 4868 is available online at   www.irs.gov.Line 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the country on the regular due date of your return,\ncheck the box on line 8. 
Your gain will be figured on the difference between the sales price(less closing costs) and your basis which is your original cost plus improvements minus total depreciation taken. You can find your depreciation totals on the worksheets that print with your return.  The tax rate varies. The tax rate on recaptured depreciation is 25% The rest of your gain is a long term capital gain.  You will also release any prior year passive loss carryovers.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2553574-depreciation-recapture-on-sale-of-rental-property-for-gain 
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, the refund or the taxes owed amounts will be shown for both Federal and State tax returns.Under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If her only 2013 (joint) income was Social Security, she does not need to file a tax return at all.However, if she is filing to get back any taxes withheld, pull the 2013 forms from the IRS website, do them by hand, and mail them. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
TurboTax does not have copies of your W-2s. It has the information that you entered into TurboTax from your W-2 forms, but that is just information that you entered, not an actual copy of the W-2.See the FAQ at the following link for information on how to get copies of your W-2s.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2561916-how-do-i-get-a-replacement-for-a-w-2 
Please contact TT Support for assistance when they reopen on Monday.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number, during the hours of 8 am to 5 pm Pacific time, M-F. 
Does this post help?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur... 
Then the IRS will be sending you a letter about this. 
You cannot claim your granddaughter on your return unless she lived with you at least 183 nights in 2015.The IRS does not care about custody agreements. 
Many people work under the 1099-MISC arrangement, its not unusual.Meanwhile, he will have to make quarterly Estimated Tax payments, or risk getting an under-withholding penalty at tax time.see www.irs.gov  and your states revenue website for blank Estimated Tax vouchers. 
Did you file your 2015 taxes through TurboTax?  If so, they are wrong.  TurboTax does not prepare a Nonresident Alien tax return.  You should go to a tax professional that is experienced with Nonresident Aliens to get things corrected.For your 2016 taxes, there is a good chance you will be a Resident Alien.  If that is the case, it does need to be reported on your US tax return.  If you also pay income taxes to India on the profit of the sale of the stock, you may be able to use the Foreign Tax Credit to reduce or eliminate the US taxes on that sale.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/ch01.html 
The online editions do not have an online calculator.  Only the desktop CD/Download editions have a calculator in the program.
\n\nThe\nIRS generally considers all amounts in Block 7 to be nonemployee compensation\nsubject to self-employment tax. That doesnt mean that they are, just that the\npayer, by placing the amount in Box 7, causes the IRS to think so.  Turbotax goes through the interview to determine whether it is or not.  Unfortunately, the IRS takes a shoot first and ask questions later whenever an amount is in Box 7 without Schedule SE.\n\nTo\nbe self-employment income the service you performed must be performed with\ncontinuity, regularity and the purpose is for income or profit. If\nso, it is self-employment income. If not, it is miscellaneous income similar to\nprizes and awards (and not subject to self-employment tax).\n\nTo\ngive you an idea of how complicated the issue is, the Tax Court has considered\nit on several occasions. In one, Batok (http://www.thetaxbook.com/updates/thetaxauthority_update_service/pdf/govdocs/tcmemo1992-727.pdf) was a retired\nautomobile mechanic. He assisted a company in installing office windows. He had\nnever done that type work before. The work lasted for one month.\n\nThe\nIRS asserted the income was self-employment income. They lost in the US Tax\nCourt. From the decision:\n\nGenerally,\nto be engaged in a trade or business, the taxpayer must be involved in the\nactivity with continuity, regularity, and the taxpayers purpose must be for\nincome or profit. A sporadic activity, hobby, or amusement does not qualify.\nCommissioner v. Groetzinger [87-1 USTC - 9191], 480 U.S. 23, 35 (1987). The\nSupreme Court has further stated that whether a taxpayer is engaged in a trade\nor business is a question of fact. Higgins v. Commissioner [41-1 USTC - 9233],\n312 U.S. 212, 217 (1941).\n\nWe\nbelieve that petitioners installation of windows for M. David Paul does not\nrise to the level of a trade or business. Petitioners activity, although\nengaged in for profit, was neither continuous nor regular. Petitioner had never\ninstalled windows prior thereto nor at any time thereafter. Rather,\npetitioners activity was a one-time job. Sloan v. Commissioner\n[Dec. 44,879(M)], T.C. Memo. 1988-294. Accordingly, petitioners are not liable\nfor self-employment tax on the compensation received from M. David Paul.\n\nTurboTax\nasks questions to determine if your situation is similar to that in Batok and\nothers. If so, it reports the income as miscellaneous income not subject to\nself-employment tax. Unfortunately, as noted above, the IRS takes a rigid\napproach and proposes in almost all cases that Box 7 is self-employment income.\n\nThat\nleaves the taxpayer in the middle. If, for example, the work you did only took\nseveral days and you are retired or in some other business, you can reply to\nthe IRS giving them the facts and circumstances, and try to convince them this\nis not self-employment income.\n\nSee\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899537\n\n 
Previously answered:Did you get back the 2 emails confirming the transmission and then accepting it?  Maybe it rejected or you didnt finish filing.  First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You can check your refund status at Wheres My Refund. This is for your Federal Return.https://sa1.www4.irs.gov/irfof/lang/en/irfofgetstatus.jsp To track your state refundhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund 
Okay, if that is the case then you can use the free forms from the IRS for prior tax years.  If you are single or married with no dependents then you can use Form 1040EZ.  Go to this IRS website for prior tax year forms, schedules and instructions - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlOr you can use the TurboTax desktop programs for the prior tax years.  The prior tax year programs have to be purchased and downloaded for each tax year from this TurboTax website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Form 1040 is your income tax return. 
Your best bet is to contact the Dept of Economic Security about this. 
No. The deadline to file an extension has passed. Do not file one with your tax return, just file your tax return as soon as possible. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Amended returns take about 4 months to process. See:https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...
As others have indicated, you cannot claim the education credit if you daughter is not your dependent. And, you cannot claim your daughter as a dependent if she was age 24, at the end of 2015 and had more than $4000 of taxable income (not just earned income).But, she can claim the credit on her return, even though you paid the educational expenses. The credit goes to the person claiming the students exemption (the student herself in this case).You should be aware that she may not be able to claim as big a credit as your would have because of he lower income and lower tax liability. Furthermore there is a four time limit on claiming the American Opportunity credit (AOC), the most generous and only partially refundable credit. Since four years of college usually takes five calendar/tax years, you may have already claimed the AOC four times on her*.*Amending your 2014 return to claim the Lifetime Learning credit, to allow her to claim the 4th AOC on her 2015 return may be worth looking at. 
Qualifying Widow (or widower) is a filing status for someone who lost a spouse in the two years prior to the current tax year, did not remarry by the end of 2015, and has a dependent child who lived with you all of 2015.  You must also have paid over half the cost of keeping up the home.Be sure you are entering the date of your late spouses death correctly. 
Check to see if you have more than one user name under your email address https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
If you file for free, you have access until October 15 of that year (so download copies of your 2015 return now so you dont have the same problem next year).  For 2014, if there is no ability to unlock on screen, you will have to contact customer support during the week.  If you paid to file this year, the unlock should be free but it may not be in your account correctly.  If you filed for free both years, you will have to pay to unlock the prior year. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n
It does not strike me as a good idea to file one state return if other state returns are also to be filed but are not completed.There are too many potential interdependencies. 
To file a tax return for a prior year, you must buy and download the software for that tax year. TurboTax only supports software going back 3 years from the original filing deadline. Here is a link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 return using the Free online edition - When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
It can take the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return. An amended return cannot be e-filed. It has to be filed by mail. Starting about 3 weeks after you mailed it you can check the status by using the Wheres My Amended Return? tool at the following link on the IRS web site.http://www.irs.gov/Filing/Individuals/Amended-Returns-(Form-1040-X)/Wheres-My-Amended-Return-1 
If you believe your account was accessed by someone else, first try and log in and change the password.  If the password was changed by someone else, you may be able to use the account recovery tool as long as they didnt also change the email address.   https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/As mentioned above, it is possible for a person to file a false tax return in your name without actually accessing your turbotax account.  All they need is your SSN and a few other basic pieces of info.  But, you should still call customer support and ask for the security team.\nFor customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\n 
If the Plus option is grayed out that means you are already using the Plus edition.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
First of all if you filed your 2015 return from the Online version it may not let you back into your return so Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Then go though the estimated section again,You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button To prepare state estimates you have to go through the state tax tab and towards the very end of the state interview it will ask if you want to prepare estimates. 
amendment is based on the differences from your originally filed tax return and your correct return. That is why step one is to set up the return as filed.After that is done, you can start the Amendment step and then make the corrections.Form 1040X should be generated showing the differences.. 
You didnt get a state refund because the state tax that you had withheld from your pay was not more than your actual total state tax for the year. You get a refund when the tax withheld from your pay is more than your actual tax. The excess withholding is refunded to you.I suspect that there are differences between you and your brother that you havent mentioned. Did you both have exactly the same amounts in boxes 16 and 17 of your W-2s? Did you both work in the same state, or did you work in PA and he worked in CT? Did you file a PA nonresident tax return in addition to your CT resident return?If your brother is willing, you could compare your CT state tax return and his line by line to see where the differences are.
Thats just the way TurboTax shows it. I dont know why they do it that way. Several of us SuperUsers have pointed out to them that its confusing. Just re-enter the income as business income. It will only be reported once on your tax return, even though TurboTax shows it in two places. You can confirm this by looking at your actual Form 1040. See the FAQ at the link below for instructions to view your Form 1040 in TurboTax Online. You only have to do steps 1 - 3. Your net business income, after subtracting expenses, will be on Form 1040 line 12. You will not see that income anywhere else on the Form 1040.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901539-how-do-i-preview-my-turbotax-online-return-before-filing 
TurboTax has responded that TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement. 
Double-check with this tool to see if the state return has or has not been efiled:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIn the desktop edition, you would have had to pay 24.99 to efile a state return (except free for New York), so it is difficult to file a state return by mistake.If you are using the desktop version (CD/download), as it indicates by your username above, be sure the program knows your efiled Federal return was accepted.   Check the efile status from within the program if you havent already done so.  Heres how to do that:Open your return in the desktop product.  Then click in the top menubar in the upper left corner where you will see a FILE menu.  In the dropdown menu choose Electronic Filing.   In the next menu, check the efile status so the program knows it was accepted.Then go back to the filing section of TurboTax.  Be sure to tell it you are not filing the Federal at his point in time, and are filing the State only, and that you have selected efile for the state return.  If it wont efile, please describe exactly what happens, and the exact error message.
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords download issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\n\n  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 
Just because you didnt use the entire program you bought I doubt that TT will give you any kind of a refund on then fees you paid because you had the option to start over in a lower version.But if you want to discuss it with TT support you can ...You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.
TT does use the amount in box 1 if box 2a is left blank depending on the answers you give to the follow up questions.  And have zero being taxable is not an error that TT can recognize since that is very possible.
\nI had filed an extension on my 2014 taxesCould you clarify?  Did you just file an extension, or actually file your tax return.  If the former (extension only) you have nothing to amend and need to prepare and file the original return. 
1) Fist step is to go back to the Personal Info page, just before the start of the Federal taxes section.... and make sure your SSN is correctly entered there.2) Then go thru the Federal error check again.3)  Still problems?  Wait until Monday and talk to someone at Customer Support ..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time)O are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
That was not an offer from Turbotax.  You need to work with whomever you purchased the magazines from.  (It sounds like it came from a pop-up add on your computer.)  If you received an e-mail on magazines, please forward it to spoof@intuit.com . 
If you timely filed your 2012 tax return there is nothing you can do, as the period for filing an amended return for either a balance due or refund expired on April 15, 2016.  If you filed on extension for 2012 the period for assessment or refund may still be open.(On the corrected F1098, how much was the change in interest received from the borrower?) 
Sign back into your return and go to taxes>timeline>2015 amended return. Make any changes you need to and then go to My account and print. 
Based on the facts that you presented the travel expenses would be deductible.  If questioned, youre just going to need to convince the IRS that the new area was your principal place of business. 
812990 looks right if you keep all the services on one Sch Chttp://cchsfs-atx.custhelp.com/ci/fattach/get/961/0/session/L2F2LzEvdGltZS8xNDYzOTY0ODg3L3NpZC93ZlRT... 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4859081 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for  .tax file on your computer. 
You will need to call customer support.  You need a copy of Turbotax Home & Business for 2013 installed on your own computer, since online only files the current year.  And you need to download the 2013 tax data file from your account.  But, your account may be locked, requiring you to pay to download the file, and you will also have to pay to install the program on your computer.  You shouldnt have to pay twice so you will need to call customer service about the program and the unlock.  Once you get the tax data file and the 2013 Home & Business version on your computer, you can open the data file, finish the tax return, print it, and mail it in.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
If you have more than $100 of 1099-MISC related work expenses, you must upgrade to TT Home and Business. 
If your tax return was rejected because you were claimed on another return go back into the account you filed under and edit your personal information. Click the edit button by your social security number. The first  question that comes up asks if you are claimed on another return. Choose yes and it will allow you to efile. 
Double-check box 3, 4, 5 and 6 of your w-2 and that you entered them correctly, and didnt make a mistake with a period or comma.  Click go back or click the Wages and income tab, then W-2, the enter next to the W-2 you want to check.Also, if you are married and have entered a spouses W-2, make sure that each W-2 is assigned to the correct spouse.  There is a little radio button on the main W-2 screen next to each W-2 that will say something like This is Johns W-2 ()  This is Marys W-2 ( ) 
Youre not alonehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5469821
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2148276 
Go here to do that:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/military-edition.jsp 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901205-what-is-schedule-se 
Be sure he is completely gone from Personal Info, Dependents, as well as anywhere else you might have added him in (such as for Child Care Credit). 
Is the K-1 negative? If so, thats factored in as well. See pg. SE-4  here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sse.pdf 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
TT Support is closed until the morning. It is not safe to post your phone number on this public forum.Please see this re paying TT fees:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3264817-have-to-pay-fee
Try this download link.  If you dont find it there, report back.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download
You would enter this under the assets section when you are asked if you have any assets.  You do not just enter a depreciation schedule, the program calculates the remaining and current year depreciation for you. 
Amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
Most people receive their refunds in 21 days.  It can be delayed at the IRS for any number of reasons.  Sometimes additional documents are required (especially with healthcare reporting), and they could be in the process of sending a letter requesting additional info.  In other cases, ID verification is required, certain credits may be examined, some returns pulled at random for more processing, etc.You can phone the IRS to see if you can learn more about the reason for your delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting. 
Go ahead and mail your NY return. You cannot e-file it. New York requires you to e-file if your software supports the electronic filing of your return. Since TurboTax does not allow you to e-file the state return if you did not e-file the federal return, your software does not support the electronic filing of your NY return. So you can file it by mail. Also note that while NY requires e-filing if you meet certain conditions, there is no penalty for not e-filing. 
If you want to file a return claiming them then you will have to print and mail your return and let the IRS sort it out.  How to switch to mail,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4170366 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4999729https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5287581 
If you sent it registered you should have gotten a tracking number 
Duplicate question. Please post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It may take some time before someone answers. 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 
It depends.  You will have a capital gain of $30K from the sale.  The rate at which that capital gain will be taxed depends on your filing status.  If you file jointly, you will owe capital gains tax at 15% of the gain.  If you file separately, it is possible that your capital gains rate will be 0% (capital gains rate is 0% for taxable income under $37,650 if you file separately).  However, there are other issues with filing separately that might make it better to file jointly regardless.  For example, if you file jointly, and one of you itemizes deductions, the other one must itemize as well.  The only way to figure out which strategy minimizes your overall tax bill is to create proforma tax returns both ways. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Only the IRS can give you a status of a mailed amended tax return.  Use this IRS website for the status - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1Amended return FAQs - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
You could consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate for your area.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html
I would use the amendment process to add the missing sales to the 8949 then only print out the Sch D & 8949 to respond to the IRS request. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128 
Assuming that you have already filed your 2015 tax return using the Free online edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the TurboTax Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you are unable to access the section to pay for the account, returning you to the Welcome Home screen, then close the TurboTax window.  Clear the cache and cookies on your web browser.  Close the browser and then re-open the browser.  Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/Use the procedure again to pay for the upgrade.  If the same problem persists, try changing your web browser to Google Chrome.Or you can contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent for assistance with this issue.  Support is open at 8am Pacific time, about 2 hours from now.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
try deleting the form generated by your first amendment ( Form 1040X and state) leaving the first updated tax return in place.Then start another amendment. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Its really almost impossible for anyone here to determine what you did wrong with your filing.....if you prepared your non-resident KS tax return first, and then did your MO resident tax return second and went thru the Credit for taxes paid to KS questions that are in the MO section, then the MO-CR should have been filed with that data.Cant see how the Medicare issue would come up unless you put some $ in the wrong place somewhere..Might be best for you to call customer support and talk to a TTX representative on the phone.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Your fees is one of the MENU items. 
Ask the thrift store how much they plan to sell them for. 
If the IRS holds your tax refund and you requested to have the TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund, then you have received notices to pay the TurboTax account fees.  There are toll free phone numbers on the notices you received to make arrangements on how to pay the fees.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a tax return being held by the IRS and the payment of fees - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\nHow do you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing fees?\n\nThis provision is spelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\nIn addition, by clicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and authorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax Fees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax from your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event that you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\nAlso, this is your first and only post to the AnswerXchange.  If you need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent you need to use their contact website.\nTo contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.\nSubmit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ \nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number\n 
In a lease purchase, YOU maintain the title until the terms of the agreement have been met. In seller financing, the title changes to the buyer, but you hold the mortgage.You may wish to see a local professional to structure this correctly. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5332118 
You can request an abatement of penalty if you have been on-time with the IRS for the last three years. But if you did not pay your Estimated Tax quarterly that may not work for you. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html 
You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf 
It would not be subject to the penalty if you\nwere age 55 or over and you retired or left your job.  If not and you received it, you could have avoided the penalty by rolling it into an IRA.\n\nThe\nfollowing are exceptions to the penalty for premature distributions from a 401k or 403b account that was not rolled over:\n\n\nDistributions upon the death or disability of the\n     plan participant.\nYou were age 55 or over and you retired or left\n     your job.\nYou received the distribution as part of\n     substantially equal payments over your lifetime.\nYou paid for medical expenses exceeding 7.5%  (10% for 2013 and later) of your\n     adjusted gross income.\nMoney is used to pay back taxes to the IRS\n     after a levy has been placed against the IRA\nThe distributions were required by a divorce\n     decree or separation agreement (qualified domestic relations court\n     order), \n\n\n
Im not sure anyone could offer any helpful advice without first reading the agreement for services between the partners.  However, what you describe certainly sounds like payment for services rendered or to be rendered, which would be taxable to the recipient.  Calling it a stipend instead of compensation doesnt change that.Even if it came from the partnership account you would be describing Guaranteed Payments to Partners which would be taxable to the recipient and deductible by the partnership. 
Your agreement with Turbotax for payment of your fees is that if the IRS doesnt pay your refund, or pay it timely, you would pay it from your checking account. 
Make a note of the correct account to be used next year. Dont forget the password. 
You may get more response from the IRS if you make an appointment at a local IRS office.  Otherwise try this procedure -Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You cannot use TurboTax to send a direct debit from your bank account for North Carolina taxes owed with your state return.See the answer here - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3307373-question-on-nc-payment 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
It means the IRS location where you would mail your 1040 tax return to. You can find the address using this link: http://www.irs.gov/file/content/0,,id=105690,00.html 
Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3204096-why-are-there-3-fees-charged-to-my-refund 
SNAP is completely separate, so check with those folks. 
Amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
Yes, heres how:In Turbo Tax, select the Federal Taxes tab, go to Deductions and Credits, and choose "Explore on my own". Scroll down to Your Home / Mortgage Interest.Now click "Add a Lender" and continue through the interview.I hope this helps! 
You can deduct mortgage interest, points, and real estate property tax paid at closing. You report those expenses along with other mortgage interest/property taxes paid in the year atFederal Taxes (or Personal if using Home and Business)Deductions And Creditschoose I'll choose what I work on, if asked OR Jump to Full ListMy HomeAll other costs paid at closing, including transfer taxes, "stamps", escrow fees, etc., are NOT deductible from current income, instead you add them to the cost basis of your home and you will get the benefit when you sell.The deductible items are itemized deductions, you get no tax benefit from itemized deductions until all of them added together are more than your standard deduction.2015 Standard DeductionTaxpayer under 65, not claimed as a dependent$6,300 for Single$12,600 for Married Filing Jointly, or Qualifying Widow(er) with dependent child$9,250 for Head of Household$6,300 for Married Filing SeparatelyFor over 65 or blind, add $1,250 for each instance or add$1,550 each instance if single and not a surviving spouse. 
Is $817 what you filed for, and $733 what the IRS says they issued?  If so, the IRS will be sending you a letter 
On your TurboTax home pageClick Taxes\nClick My Tax Timeline\nScroll down to things you can do\nClick Amend under your 2015 tax return\n 
There are many issues involved here, including the fact that your spouses tax liability will be different if you file MFS. And, since you all live together, the financial folks may not care how you file. There are also special considerations in Community Property States.Please see a local financial planning professional.
Amended return usually take 16 weeks.www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/amended-return-frequently-asked-question... 
Yes you use the EIN # on the W9 and schedule C and any 1099Misc you give out to contractors.
Yes.  But you don't need to get a EIN for 1099Misc unless you want to.  Like if you don't want to use your own ssn.You need to give a 1099Misc to anyone you paid $600 or more to for the year. But not to corporations or for merchandise. You send the IRS a copy of the 1099Misc with the transmittal summary form 1096. These are due to the person by Jan 31 and to the IRS by March 31.Are you filing schedule C in your personal 1040 return for your LLC or did you elect to be a S or C Corp?  For 1040 returns you can prepare W2s or 1099Misc in the Home & Business version either Online or buy the Desktop CD/Download program.
Yes you can deduct any and all out of pocket medical premiums and expenses on schedule A if you itemize deductions and have enough medical to deduct.  You can only deduct the medical amount that's over 10% of your AGI (7.5% if 65 or older).  And then all your deductions have to be more than the Standard Deduction to be used at all.For 2015 the standard deduction amounts are:Single 6,300 + 1,550 for 65 and overHOH 9,250 + 1,550 for 65 and overJoint 12,600 + 1,250 for each 65 and overMarried filing Separate 6,300 + 1,250 for 65 and over 
Yes, if you are claiming an itemized deduction for sales tax, you can add the tax you paid for both cars. However, if the sales tax rate on cars is higher than the general sales tax rate, you can only deduct the amount you would have paid at the general sales tax rate. You deduct either sales tax or state and local income tax, whichever is more. You cannot deduct both. So if your total sales tax deduction, including the two cars, is less than your state and local income tax deduction, the sales tax on the cars wont make any difference. Also, for the deduction to have any benefit your total itemized deductions have to be more than your standard deduction.There is no general repository of sales tax transactions where you could look up the amount of tax you paid. If you bought the car from a dealer, the dealer probably still has a copy of the bill of sale. You will need to know the total amount of the sale, before the tax, the sales tax amount, and the sales tax rate. If you cant get the information from the dealer, there is probably no other way to get it.Heres how to enter the sales tax in TurboTax Home & Business.\nClick the Personal Tab. (In other versions click the Federal Taxes tab.)\nClick Deductions & Credits.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Deductions & Credits scroll down to the section Estimates and Other Taxes Paid.\nClick the Start, Update, or Revisit button for Sales Tax.\nThe exact screens for sales tax will vary depending on your other deductions. When it asks you how you want to enter your sales tax info, select EasyGuide, not Enter All My Receipts. After you answer some questions about where you lived and the sales tax rate, you will come to a screen that asks if you made any major purchases. Click Yes and enter the two car purchases on the next screen. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You should speak directly with a TurboTax support agent for this particular situation.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
EIC is already factored into the calculation of your refund or taxes due. You do not get a separate check for it.Look at Form 1040EZ line 8a, or Form 1040A line 42a. 
\nGet a copy of your parents 1095-A.\nTell TurboTax that you had health insurance all year.\nTell TurboTax that you had Marketplace insurance.\nEnter the 1095-A (see note later on).\nCheck the box that insurance policy was shared with somebody that is not on your tax return.\nEnter the percentages.  See this post: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...\n\nNote:  Was the policy you purchased on your own a private policy or an employer policy?  If it was an employer policy (or Medicaid), the SLCSP on the 1095-A is wrong for those months, and you (and your parents) may need to look up the proper number.  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/ 
You can preview your 1040 under My Account -> Tools -> View Tax Summary -> Preview my 1040 (depending on the other income you have, this might be sufficient to see the interest and gains etc).  As for the specific forms you mentioned, you can view those forms only after the Turbo Tax online program is purchased.  You can do this through My Account -> Print Center -> Print, Preview this years return (you will then be prompted to pay for your purchase and you can then view all the forms and schedules).Also, its not really incorrect that 0 shows up as income under the K1 heading because K1s are informational forms and the income/deductions flow to other forms/schedules.  Otherwise, it would show the income twice under the K1 heading and then again under your other headings and it would then look like you have double the income.  But, I can see why having 0 there might be concerning when you are reviewing your entries - maybe they should add something to make that clearer. 
TurboTax is a software program, it cannot complete a tax return or an amended tax return for you.  You can use the software to complete a tax return or an amended return.See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing an amended return where you did not use TurboTax to complete the original tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2939017-can-i-use-turbotax-to-amend-my-return-if-i-prepared-my-tax...
If you filed a joint return in 2012, and never cashed the refund check, you can initiate a trace and request a new check here. https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...If you happen to still have the uncashed check, it probably wont be honored this late, so request a new one. 
If your returns were accepted but the PDF still says rejected, you have to kick the program to generate a new PDF. See the instructions here.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239993
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
If your employer does not report the reimbursement on your W-2 or a 1099-MISC, heres how to add it to the wages on your tax return. These steps are for 2015 TurboTax. It will probably be very similar for 2016.\nClick the Federal Taxes tab.\nClick Wages & Income.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Income Summary, scroll all the way down to the last section Less Common Income. Click the Start, Update, or Revisit button for the last topic, Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C.\nThe next screen says Lets Work on Any Miscellaneous Income. Click the Start, Update, or Revisit button for the first topic, Other income not already reported on a Form W-2 or Form 1099.\nThe next screen asks Did you receive any other wages? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next two screens are for wages earned as a household employee and sick or disability pay. Just click Continue on those screens without entering anything.\nThe next screen, Any Other Earned Income, asks Did you earn any other wages? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next screen asks the source of the other earned income. Select Other and click Continue. (Do not select Employee compensation that was not reported on a W-2 on this screen, even though thats what it really is.)\nOn the next screen enter a short description and the amount. The description will appear on a TurboTax worksheet, but will not appear on your tax return. Click Done.\nThis will take you back to the first Miscellaneous Income screen. Click Continue.\n\n 
Im assuming that as her 2015 return has been filed youre asking about 2016.She does not pay social security during the year.  Rather, when she files her 2016 income tax return it will include a Schedule C (for her support and expenses) and SE (to compute self-employment tax, which is self-employed FICA and Medicare.)  No payments identified as social security are made until that time.If she anticipates she is going to owe more than $1,000 when she files her return in 2016 she can make quarterly estimated tax payments this year.  These are not social security and medicare payments, they are only prepayments on her 2016 return the same as withholding from wages.You could use TaxCaster (https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/) to estimate her tax liability but it is for wages.  To convert it to her situation, consider her net self-employment income as wages and add about 13% of her net profit for self-employment tax to the TaxCaster total.  Divide that total by four for the estimated tax payments she needs to make.  Remember, the first one was due April 15.Its not 100% accurate as its based on her estimate of income, which likely wont be all that accurate, but it should get her started.  It also uses 2015 tax rates, but they dont change much year to year. 
Follow the instructions in the FAQ at the following link. In the FAQ click the link for TurboTax Online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571Also read the information on the IRS web site by clicking the link in the FAQ that says Understanding Your Letter 0012C.
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.htmlIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you used TurboTax last year and you transferred it to this years TurboTax, it should already be there.  You wont need to do anything.  You can check your assets in TurboTax or your Depreciation and Amortization worksheet (the sideways looking worksheet) to confirm that your assets are there.If you did not transfer your information from last year, you need to enter them as assets and enter the information that it asks for. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You would not be required to file a tax return for either year since the amount was below the amount required to file a return regardless of whether you could be a dependent of someone else or not. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS Form 8962 request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...
Did you do a state return?  State is extra in all versions.  In the Free Edition state is 29.99 and to have it deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Service charge so total would be 64.98.How to find your feesLog in to your returnClick on My Account at the top, then on ToolsClick on My FeesA window will pop up that shows the feesAnd to have the fees deducted from your federal refund is an EXTRA 34.99 Refund Processing Fee (39.99 in California). Or you can pay with a credit card and avoid the extra charge.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301994 
I assume you mean Form 8863. There is nothing to fix. TurboTax is putting the correct amount on line 3. Line 3 does not just say to enter the amount from Form 1040 line 38. It also says If you are filing Form 2555, 2555-EZ, or 4563, . . . see Pub. 970 for the amount to enter. Pub. 970 has a worksheet (Worksheet 2-1 on page 20) to calculate the amount to enter on line 3. It starts with your AGI from 1040 line 38, and adds your excluded foreign income, foreign housing exclusion, and foreign housing deduction. Thats what TurboTax is doing. 
This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
TT does not pay your taxes, and does not charge for that.If your state allows it, TT just forwards your banking or credit card info to the state, and they are responsible for pulling the payment.  Open your state return, and go to the File  tab to see what your choice was. 
Only you can find that information by logging in and looking at the timeline. Sign onto your online account using this\nTurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The IRS considers anything\nin box 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. Enter the 1099-Misc income,\nat Other Common income / income from a 1099-MISC . TurboTax (TT) will complete\nSchedule C or C-EZ for you and allow you to deduct any expenses associated with\nthis income. Youll also have to pay self employment tax (social security &\nMedicare) on any profits greater than $400. These types of payments are\nfrequently done this way. Your employer is not the only one.\n\n The IRS also\nconsiders undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work\nperformed, to be self employment income. \n\nYou may have to upgrade to\nthe Home & Business version of TT. Theres a chance you may be able to use\nTT Deluxe or Premier. Enter your income at the 1099-Misc screen (even if you\ndidnt get a 1099-misc). For details, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901317-schedule-c-ez-net-profit-from-a-business IRS information on\nSelf Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\n\nAs to the Health Insurance ... review your answers in the Health Insurance tab however you will owe a penalty if you didnt have insurance all year and you dont have an exception to the penalty. 
Print your form 1040 (or 1040A or 1040EZ)Print the forms that show an Attachment Sequence Number in the upper right corner.Print the pages entitled Attachment (or Explanation) for Form nnn where nnn is one of the forms printed. 
ItsDeductible values are derived from actual resale prices of the items.
f you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  If you prepared it in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF or data\nfile.\n\nIf\nyou prepared the return online, log into your account with the same User\nID.  Go to your Tax Timeline for 2014.  Under Some things\nyou can do see if you\ncan find and view/print/save the PDF.\n\nIf you used TurboTax Online, but you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.   To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can\nuse this tool.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the\ntool on each one:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then run the tool another time, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look up your accounts by SSN\nand other parameters.\n\nAlso see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n
Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return 
Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2 
If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Adding income (even if it is exempt foreign income on the form 2555) will change other items on your return like deductions & credits.  Review the new form 1040 in the amended return next to the original form 1040 to see the differences. 
You have to print and send in the Form 1040X and any forms or schedules that changed as a result of the amendment. 
You can phone TurboTax Support during business hours and ask for a 2014 program.  It will likely be the download, however.   Actually that is good, since the download is the most recent release, while the 2014 CD will always be R1.  You can burn your own CD-R with the installation file if you want.   The download should remain in your online account for up to 3 years, however.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
I cant tell you what happened, but I can tell you how to look at worksheets.  If you need to, you can phone TurboTax Support for realtime help.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   There should be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Does that larger PDF have what you need?If not, try this alternate method to get the most forms, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  I usually save both.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
No, that feature is not available in Online TurboTax.  There is no Forms Mode for viewing and editing actual forms, and there is no data source feature.That is one of several disadvantages of the Online product over the desktop (CD/download) version.If you havent paid and would like to do so, you can download your data file and switch to the desktop product without starting over, if youd like to purchase a CD/download product.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...Or if you want to be able to view online forms at will, you can pay in advance for your Online product to get viewing and printing privilege, but it will not have the data source feature you asked about in your question, for info on how a line was calculated.  If you want to pay in advance, we can tell you how. 
If your state allows that option then choose it in the state section of the FILE tab. 
You get one personal exemption for each person listed on the tax return ... 2 adults + 3 kids = 5 exemptionsWhat you entered for payroll allowances on the W-4 doesnt effect the tax return exemptions. 
Look at line 44 of the form 1040, if that line is already a zero then the HOH status will not help you. 
If you worked in CA for part of the year then you will complete a part year resident return to get a refund of the excess withholding. When you follow the state interview you will be able to allocate the amount of earnings that belongs to CA.  Be prepared for CA to question this allocation so getting a letter from the employer to acknowledge the error would be smart.  Also CA will not send the  refund to MN directly, you will need to pay the taxes yourself and wait for the CA refund to come to you. 
Assuming your basis is 167k and you decrease your basis by the 38k in depreciation that would leave you with an adjusted basis of 129k.  You sell the property for 204k and that leaves you will a taxable gain of 75k - about half of which will be cap gains and half at the depreciation rate. So, sounds like you are in the ballpark with about 15k tax due.So, thats the bad news, but the good news is I suspect you are probably leaving off possible additions to your basis such as property improvements, i.e a new kitchen or carpeting, settlement fees and closing costs, etc.  There are also tax planning tools like a 1031 exchange, installment sale, or selling offsetting capital gain loss property that could take a big bite of the tax bill.  There are also other considerations such as any possible passive activity loss limitations you have had over the past years and also possible exposure to the new net investment income tax of 3.8% depending on your income.  Below are some useful publications for this situation that you should take a look at.  That being said, this is definitely a situation where you would be well advised to consult a local tax professional (CPA or EA) that can really sit down with you and evaluate the whole situation, both what has been going on with the property over the past years and any basis adjustments and future planning considerations, especially if you go down a route like a 1031 exchange.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p523.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p544.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdf 
If the only problem was a SSN mis-match, then you would be able to e-file after fixing it.  Without knowing the exact error message, my guess is that either you still have a mismatch between what the IRS database thinks the childs name and SSN are, or someone else has already claimed that child.The IRS gets their info from the social security administration and they can be wrong.  Then name, birthdate and SSN all have to match and any of them could be wrong.  In that case, you would have to go to the local social security office to correct it and it would take weeks probably before the IRS imported the corrected database, so printing your return will be faster.If someone else really has filed using that SSN, filing by mail is your only option.  The codes are different so we might know more if you posted the exact error message. 
Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.Check the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489 
Sadly\nyou probably didnt read the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. Also whatever you select for paying\nFederal does not automatically transfer to State.\n\nYou\nshould have noticed that the payment was not made before the states letter got\nto you so if the payment didnt happen then you probably owe it now. \n\nSave\nyour tax return to a PDF file...but when generating the PDF\nfile...select  Tax Return, ALL Calculation Worksheets\n\nOpen that PDF and look for the State Information\nworksheet....review the payment instructions. \n\nThese are the instructions (which were also posted on the screen) which\noutlined what you needed to do if your state does not allow the payment to be\nset up via the Turbo Tax process so you had another step to complete the\npayment.\n\n Check the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489 
When you amend the return the amount paid on the original return is taken into consideration so you will not get that amount back ... review the form 1040X ...\n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20. 
If IRS hasnt received your tax return, you should 1) e-File itOR2) print, sign and mail a paper return via US Mail.
\n\nTurboTaxs instructions for printing and accessing current and prior returns are         For on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748         For download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639            Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.\n\n
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n \n\nSign onto your\nonline account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign\nonto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create\nthe account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of\nall the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email\naddresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user\nIDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue\non the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user\nID\n\nIf you have filed\nyour 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you\nsign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print\nreturn (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheets\n\nIn the section Looking\nfor prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to\naccess prior year tax returns.\n\nOnce the PDF has\nbeen downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF\ncompatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nIf you used the\ndesktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your\ntax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was\ncreated.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the\ndesktop editions.
Its up to you to review your tax return and be sure that the W-2 information filed matches your actual W-2 before you file it. 
When they change the information on your return the state sends out a letter of explanation. You can try to check your information here..http://www.revenue.ky.gov/refund.htm to see if your tax return is still being processed. The numbers very very seldom come out to exactly zero so you will either get a refund or owe taxes at the end.When you look at your copy of the tax return do you see anything that might be disputed? Did you claim any payments of taxes or credits that might not apply? 
If your tax due is still in your account, you didn't pay your taxes. Did you set up for direct debit? If your account number was incorrect, that would do it. IRS will send a bill. 
For purpose of the IRS, student refers to post-secondary education.If you are still in high school you are not a student.Tests to be a qualifying child for an exemption:1. The child must be your son, daughter, stepchild, foster child, brother,sister, half brother, half sister, stepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant ofany of them.2. The child must be (a) under age 19 at the end of the year and youngerthan you (or your spouse if filing jointly), (b) under age 24 at the end of theyear, a student, and younger than you (or your spouse if filing jointly), or(c) any age if permanently and totally disabled.3. The child must have lived with you for more than half of the year.24. The child must not have provided more than half of his or her own supportfor the year.5. The child must not be filing a joint return for the year (unless that jointreturn is filed only to claim a refund of withheld income tax or estimatedtax paid).If you meet all the tests, someone can claim you.If you dont meet all the tests, no one can claim you.
The IRS telephone contact number is 1-800-829-1040.  Listen to the prompts and select the correct prompt.  In some cases, there may be an automated response but it you have to wait for a person to talk to, expect to be on the line for 30 minutes or more.  A good book helps.  I suggest you sign on to the Oklahoma tax authority to get the telephone number for them.Good Luck. 
Hello,Please follow this link for instructions on accessing your prior years return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineHope this helps 
When you want to file tax returns for prior years, you need to use the forms for those years. So you cannot use the 2015 Turbo Tax to file a 2013 tax return. You would need to have the 2013 Turbo Tax to have the 2013 tax forms. The IRS is only required to refund taxes that are within 3 years of when the tax return was due. So if you file for 2010 and 2011 to get a refund, the IRS does not have to give it to you because the time has run out. They may, as it does happen, but hey can say no. 
Yes, you can file an amended return.  When you first open TurboTax, the first screen offers the option of File an Amended Return. 
I just figured it out...in the section where you add the guaranteed payment, there is a button at the bottom Allocate by Amount. 
Keep in mind that as a sole proprietor you are both employer and employee.1)  There are generally two parts, the 401(k) plan and the your personal account under the plan.  You would use your businesss EIN when asked for the employers Taxpayer Identification Number on the plan documents and your SSN when identifying you as owner of the particular account under the plan.  However, you should ask the trustee with which you are establishing the plan to be sure that this conforms to their standards.2)  A Roth 401(k) account (Designated Roth Account) is a sub-account associated with your 401(k) account under the plan.  Your plan cant really provide a Roth 401(k) account without also providing a traditional 401(k) account since employer contributions can only be made to the traditional account, not to the Roth account.  Your employee elective deferrals, up to your elective deferral limit, can be split between the traditional and Roth accounts as you see fit.3)  A DBA is simply an alias for your business; registering a DBA does not create a separate business.  If you report everything on a single Schedule C, you have only one sole proprietorship. 
You should file but due to the exclusion of the first $90,000 or so of income from another country you would not owe any US Tax.If you want to get back on the wagon, file a 2015 tax return. 
Was your 2015 return prepared in a paid edition?   If so, you wont have to pay again to access the 2013 returns.   Youll just need to get Customer Support to unlock them since they are in a different account.  Heres how to reach them during business hours:FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
I got my tax for WA.Washington does not have a state income tax. 
No you have to download state software every year 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
youre probably confusing Form 8949 and Schedule DForm 8949 cannot be accessed directly. it is generated by TurboTAX and the info is copied onto Schedule D.See the 1099-B section to control the amounts on these forms. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
I believe you should be filing your 2014 & 2015 together. I am pretty sure you can file up to three years of returns together.  Try combining the two and see if that helps you go forward. 
You cant be a dependent for only half a year. If you meet the tests to be a dependent, it is for the full year. You lose the $4000 personal exemption when claimed by someone else. Instead of excluding $10,300 of income from taxes, you can only exclude $6300. If you were claiming an education credit, you will also lose that credit because whoever claims the exemption for the student (student or someone else) is the one who claims the credit. 
No, there is no connection between TurboTax and the IRS.  The taxes owed will remain showing since TurboTax has no way to know if or when the taxes owed were actually paid. 
the irs adjusted the amount I was suppose to get. But why exactly did they do so?  Did you make (for example) a data entry error, or forget to claim some income? 
It is possible to get a double entry especially if you download the information from your broker.Go back through the wages and income section for investments and take a look at any lines with amounts. If you click the edit button you can see the entries for that type of dividends . 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Hello Ben, You can contact TurboTax by calling (number removed-this is a general corporate number that would require many transfers to get to the right person)  and one of their agents will guide you through the return to help you locate the error.Hope this helps 
You have to mail the state return.  You can only efile state if the federal was efiled first.  See the 3rd sentence in this one,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301358 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You sign the return and enter the date that you signed the return.  So if you signed the return on 5/23/2016 then that is the date you would use. 
Go to this TurboTax website to purchase and download prior tax year desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Amended return take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3001187-on-our-state-return-108-state-taxes-paid-is-not-shown-can-... 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
To print your 2014 tax return.Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
Turbotax will sometimes recommend calculating a penalty, but it does not always recognize the situation.  You can manually force Turbotax to check the penalty calculation on the other tax situations page before you file, but even then, the Turbotax result may be different from the IRS.The more important thing for you to do is to increase your quarterly payments or figure out why you keep paying a penalty so you can avoid it next year. 
The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your IRS notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you. 
Simply go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ select your TurboTax platform   ask your question / state your problem,  click Submit.  On the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.Youll then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop edition 
TT cannot determine the status for you.  Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally 
Use this IRS website to check the status of an amended return - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1And this IRS website for amended return FAQs - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
If you are employed in VA then you should submit Form VA-4 to your employer to have DC taxes withheld instead.http://www.scps.virginia.edu/uploads/vataxform.pdfComplete a nonresident VA return, declaring 0 VA income to get all of your VA tax withholding back as a refund. 
If OH is your home state, it taxes all of your income, regardless of where generated. 
TT files millions of returns every year.  Most errors are due to users keying in something wrong, forgetting to claim income, or misclaiming estimated taxes paid.Look carefully at the letter from CA and compare it to what you filed. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.  Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041Reference a billing issue rather than refund when arranging a call. The office is open during normal Pacific time business hours. 
You appear to be using TT Federal Free. Your can delete any state return, and then efile Federal.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900608-how-do-i-delete-my-state-in-turbotax-online You can then poll the state forms and instructions from the State tax website, do them by hand, and mail them. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer.
Since you shipped an item (or instructed someone else to do so on your behalf) you donated an item. The item not the money you spent on the item can be claimed as your tax deduction.  If you had send the cash to the organization and they had purchased the item then you would be able to claim a cash donation. Basically the tax claim is on what ever the rganization received from you.  Hope this helps. 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally 
see IRS Pub 501 at    www.irs.gov     for who must file, depending on income and circumstances. 
Its not clear how the company pays your taxes for you.But one thing is clear, you must file a 2015 tax return. 
CALL TURBO TAX CUSTOMER SERVICE AND REQUEST TO BE CONNECTED TO THE BILLING DEPT AND STATE YOUR ISSUE/MISTAKE AND HAVE A PROFESSIONAL TAKE CARE OF IT. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
It isnt. The amount you owed on the amended return already reflected (took into account) your prior refund. 
If you want an answer, I suggest that you explain what you mean by deployment. I know what the word means, but what does it have to do with income tax? 
Your tax id is your social security number or a EIN assigned by the IRS for your small business. You can apply for an EIN https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n...
Oh, you also mean that Turbo Tax is asking for payment because the IRS is holding up your refund.If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees It says..... Note: If the IRS releases your refund after you've paid your TurboTax fees, we won't deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer. 
Yes you can amend (but you could have just mailed your original return and claimed him on it).  The IRS will probably send you both letters to determine who is able to claim him.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787 
You are going to want to do two things:(1) Report the payment.  Click Federal taxes (or Personal if using Home and Business) -> Deductions and Credits -> Estimates and Other taxes -> Other income taxes -> Payments with 2015 Federal Extension.  Plug in the payment amount you made with the IRS Direct Pay.(2)  Do the extension.  Click Federal -> Other tax situations -> Other tax forms -> File an extension.  Answer Yes to the first question that you want to file an extension and then you should get a question about Do you want to prepare an extension and Do you want to prepare an out of country automatic extension  Answer Yes to the out of country question and follow the prompts.  While you are right that it is automatic, you have to attach an explanation statement to your return basically saying that you qualify.  The program will prompt you to file it out and attach it for you when you efile.  See the link below.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/u-s-citizens-and-resident-aliens-abroad-auto... 
So you need a refund?  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead. 
You probably would have seen this note as a result of entering a code P or code R 2014 Form 1099-R.  Code P on a 2014 Form 1099-R is for a contribution made in 2013 that was returned in 2014 before the due date of your tax return and on which earnings distributed with the returned contribution are reportable and taxable on the 2013 tax return.  Code R on a 2014 tax return is for a contribution (or Roth conversion) made for 2013 and recharacterized in 2014.  The 2013 tax return needs to reflect the result of the recharacterization.
Open your return.Click:  Forms (upper right),  in the 1040 Federal:Individual list, there is a  Tax Payments sectionYou can enter payments beyond the 4 quarters or there a spot below that section labeled 2015 extension.  It all gets summed into the year paid, as long as you have told the IRS its for 2015. 
Legal settlements arising from physical injury, or arising from emotional distress as a result of a physical injury, are not taxable income.Legal settlements arising from purely emotional injuries must be included as taxable income, but can be reduced by any medical expenses to treat the emotional injuries (in other words, therapy) as long as those medical expenses were not previously used for a tax deduction.  The taxpayer attaches a written explanation and reports the taxable amount as line 21 other income.  See link for more, https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4345.pdfIf the settlement includes interest, the interest is always taxable no matter what the tax status of the settlement award is. 
Internal Revenue Service P.O. Box 9041Andover, MA 01810-9041 
https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/phone-scams-continue-to-be-a-serious-threat-remain-on-irs-dirty-doz... 
Accounts cannot be merged, split or duplicated.You can go to your account and download a pdf and tax file of your return to your computer. 
If you do not have a\nIRS W-2 from a foreign company then you do not enter the form you received in\nthe W-2 section.  You enter the income as Foreign Earned Income.\n\n       \nClick on Federal Taxes\n\n       \nClick on Wages and\nIncome\n\n       \nClick on Ill choose\nwhat I work on\n\n       \nScroll down to Less\nCommon Income\n\n       \nOn Foreign Earned\nIncome and Exclusion, click the start or update button\n\nSee this TurboTax\nsupport FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-how-do-i-report-foreign-income\n\n\n\n\n\n 
When you file an extension (and you owe money),  you are supposed to pay the balance  (even if estimated) of what you owe.  That way you wont be subject to penalties and interest.If you dont owe money, just be sure to file your return by the extension end date. 
Its most likely that you have created multiple accounts for yourself and your other returns are under a different User ID.  Use the following link to gain access to any of the accounts under your current email address.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
This is the U.S. TurboTax AnswerXchange. Please post your question about Canadian taxes in the Canada TurboTax AnswerXchange, at the following link.https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Heres a screen shot 
Just print it and mail it. 
\n\nYou can get a list of your fees.How do I review my fees in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4202093 
Get Form 1040X federal to file an amended return. You can do this in TurboTax. Similar forms available from states. 
Your return can be accepted, it is the IRS that is asking you to verify your identity to finish processing your return.  See the following for more information:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letter 
foreign rental properties are usually depreciated like commercial properties in the USA -- 40 years and not 27.5  as for US based rental props 
This is in regards to my federal return wasnt processed.  I would consult a tax attorney on this for these reasons:1. Because you missed the deadline there may be fines that youll have to pay.2.  You want to make sure you have the right forms and be sure theyre filled out correctly.3.  Anything miscellaneous that may come up that you may not be aware of.Or, you could go ahead and try to file with turbo tax and see if you return will go thru, but Im thinking probably not. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a.tax file on your computer.
When you file the extension, you do not need to worry about \n\nfidelity (or any other financial initituions) tax information.Those are required to file your taxes. 
Duplicate question. Please post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It may take some time before someone answers. 
The notification settings for this forum (AnswerXchange) are separate from the email address on your account at turbotax.com, you probably need to change it here as well.  Look at your Notification settings under your profile icon (top right of the forum). 
EDIT NOTE 5/25/16:The info below on how to pay from inside your account is not correct in this circumstance where one has been notified of a possible bank debit to pay TurboTax fees due to a delay at the IRS.  Please read the rest of this thread for the correct payment link, or you can phone TurboTax Customer Support to make your payment.  epo39b****************************************************************Hello maheekat101,Please follow this link for instructions on paying your TurboTax fees.[edited:  link removed]Hope this helps 
Heavens no...it is not possible to have the Federal refund transferred to the State.You really mis-read something somewhere..You can have yoru software fees paid by your federal refund, and the premium service gives you some extra coverage if the state decides to audit you , but Fed refund transferred to state?.....that is not possible.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924462-what-is-max_____________________Sorry, but you owe the state the entire amount...but you can discuss the issue with Customer Support tomorrow...but I dont think they can do much for you.  Certainly we cant because WE...are other users in this users advice forum. ..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041.... 
\nHello Krotzjr, I have not of a situation such as that. Usually, this is not handled by the employee. I live in one state but work for a company in another state. The only state taxes that are taken from my wages is my resident state. Both employer and employee hold the responsibility for collecting and \nremitting withholding taxes to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). For \nthe most part, the employer withholds these taxes on behalf of their \nemployees, but in cases where an employer does not do this, or where an \nemployee is self-employed, it is the responsibility of the employee to \npay these withholding taxes.- https://www.irs.gov/uac/employer-and-employee-responsibilities-employment-tax-enforcementHope this helps. 
They may be trying to verify that YOU actually filed those returns, and not someone else. 
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax/protest-rights
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user ID 
If the amount went into escrow, it is still under the control of your mortgage holder and unpaid to the government entity involved.  The taxes can be claimed in the year they are actually paid to the government, then they will appear on your 1098. 
Its not just the amount of your SS that matters (and triggers the $32,000), but also your other income. See this:https://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html 
Here is how to review your fees to see what the charges are for:1.        Log in to your return2.        Select My Account at the top, then Tools3.        Select My Fees4.        A window will pop up that shows the feesAdd state sales tax. 
Approved, or just accepted?. In other words, did the IRS issue the refund yet?https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
Expenses before the business is open and ready for business are startup expenses, and are deducted or amortized once the business opens.  It does not matter when the LLC is actually formed.
Im not sure why your written report of hours wouldnt be enough for the IRS.  Personally, I wouldnt retroactively create invoices, as something doesnt smell right here.  But lets see what the SuperUsers think. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3104487-download-tax-file 
You can still file Married Joint if your husband agrees.  But apparently he doesnt, since he wont give you his SSN.You are eligible to file HOH if you lived apart from him the entire second half of 2015, and meet other requirements.. However, as you discovered, EIC is lower for HOH than MFJ, all other things being equal.  Thats how Congress wrote the tax law (presumably because there is one fewer person in the household).Moreover, you are also subject to a lower standard deduction for HOH than for MFJ, and get one less personal exemption.https://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/globalmedia/earned_income_credit_table_1040i.pdf 
The email from TT means that the IRS did accept it. You will not get anything else in that regard. 
1.  A W-9 is required so that they can get your SSN to put on the 1099-MISC..2.  Ask your attorney, as this may be part of the settlement, or required by the court order. 
Im not sure you could legally file the way you did, but lets see what the SuperUsers say.  In the meantime, please see this:http://www.thetaxadviser.com/newsletters/2016/jan/congress-makes-changes-to-popular-tax-credits.html 
Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
If it was for a ROTH IRA then you probably don't need to amend.  Check your return 1040 line 32 or 1040A line 17.  If you need to change it you have to amend.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787
Sign into TurboTax with the same login you used when you filed your return.If you cant remember, go to the Account Recovery page and enter your email to get a list of all User IDs tied to that email address. 
\nThe most common 1099 form is the 1099-MISC. The IRS provides five \nscenarios where a business must provide someone with a 1099. If an LLC \nfits one of these scenarios, then it must provide the contractor or \nfreelancer with a 1099 and submit a Form 1096 on its tax return to \nsummarize any 1099 expenses. A 1099 is required for payments of $600 or \nmore made to any contract employees, attorneys or accountants; for any \npayments larger than $10 for royalties, tax exempt interest or \nsubstitute dividends; for rent payments higher than $600, unless paid to\n a real estate agent; for any prize payments over $600; and for payments\n to members of fishing boat crews\n\n 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Yes.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p15b/ar02.html#en_US_2016_publink1000193677 
Go back to the wages and income section on the federal form and edit the W2 information for the state taxes and withholding.  You will have to redo the state return in order to get it to transfer over properly. 
No, TT doesnt support the form 990. 
Here are the filing requirements for the form 1041 for a trust ...see page 4The fiduciary (or one of the joint\nfiduciaries) must file Form 1041 for a\ndomestic trust taxable under section\n641 that has: 1. Any taxable income for the tax\nyear, 2. Gross income of $600 or more\n(regardless of taxable income), or 3. A beneficiary who is a\nnonresident alien.\n\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1041.pdf 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer. 
Yes you can ask your full time employer to withhold more. You do it by completing a new W-4 and choosing fewer allowances or requesting a specific additional dollar amount to be withheld. 
You will have to print and mail your tax return.  It cannot be e-filed since the IRS has already received and accepted a tax return with the dependents Social Security number.  If you are due a tax refund from your return, the IRS will send you the refund.Within a year the IRS will contact both taxpayers to investigate who should have claimed the dependents personal exemption.  Reply to the notice you receive from the IRS.  The loser of the investigation has to return any tax refund based on the personal exemption and must pay penalties and interest. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
When your return is continually rejected for e-file issues, often the simplest solution is to print it and mail it in.  (And dont forget to sign it!) 
You can file just the Federal return for now, if you wish.  To do so, you will either\n need to delete the state return (you can add it back later), or you can\n choose to skip the state return for now.  The skip option still requires payment for the state return.If\n youve already registered the State return in Free Edition, you may not\n be able to delete it.  But you should still be able to skip it..See these two FAQs:How to delete a state return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301384How to skip the state return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3374295
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
The rule that you could defer tax on the gain from a home if you invest the money in a new home was eliminated from the tax law in 1997. Since then it makes no difference what you do with the money when you sell your home.If you simply decided you want to move, and you lived in your home for less than two years, the gain on the sale is going to be taxable. There are some exceptions for unusual circumstances, which may allow you to exclude part, but not all, of the gain from taxation. You can read about the exceptions at the link below. But if you dont meet any of the exceptions, the entire gain will be taxable.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p523/ar02.html#en_US_2015_publink10009003If you dont meet any of the exceptions, note that you do not pay tax on the entire proceeds of the sale. Only the gain, or profit, is taxable. The gain is the difference between what you paid for the home and what you sell it for, minus selling expenses such as a brokers commission. If you owned it for less than two years, the gain might not be very large. 
You would enter your foreign earned income under less common income - foreign earned income and the taxes paid in Austria under credits/deductions - Estimates and other tax paid - foreign paid taxes 
If you have not filed your return yet, you can go back through the File interview and change the routing number on the screen where is asks how do you want your refund.If you already filed your return, you cannot change it.  If your refund cannot be deposited into your account because of the wrong information, then you will automatically be issued a check.
Whoever claims the student as a dependent is the one who can claim qualified education expenses paid out of pocket or with loans for deduction or credit regardless of who actually paid the expenses. Maybe you can convince her to give you a share of the credit she gets. 
For electronically filed returns, you generally file (transmit) federal and state at the same time.  If you dont transmit the state return at the same time as the federal return, your state return will show as pending and you have to wait to transmit it until the federal return is accepted.  (This is an anti-fraud measure since last year, many fraudulent state-only returns were filed as the states had weaker fraud protection than federal.)  After the federal return is accepted, you have to log back in and transmit the state return, and some people miss this step.On the issue of fees, if you dont qualify for free filing, Turbotax federal is $29-99 depending on the version, plus optional services.  Each state module is an additional $35.  You may have only paid for the federal services before, in which case you do have to pay for the state service before you can transmit it.  If you already paid for both federal and state services, it should not be asking again.To clear up any confusion, or fix a payment error if one exists, you will need to call customer support. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169610-ammend-2014-return 
Im sorry youre experiencing issues with the software on a Windows 10 system, I know that can be frustrating.  Our software does work on Windows 10.  What error are you receiving and at what point do you get the error? 
https://www.irs.gov/payments 
First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp You might have other accounts.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
Make sure when you enter your 1098-T into TurboTax that you enter it exactly as it is on the form. If a box is blank on the form leave it blank in TurboTax. Sometimes when you click around it can make the system think that something is missing in a certain area.If you continue to get this error, delete the 1098-T and re-enter it. To delete a form in TurboTax Online:1. Go to My Account at the top of the screen2. Select Tools3. Select Delete a Form4. Navigate to your 1098-t and select Delete to the right 
No.   If you took a distribution and are entering a 1099-R, then you own prior year contributions can always be withdrawn without penalty.    The question is asking for all regular contributions (money you contributed - not conversions) made before 2015 that you have not previously withdrawn regardless of how long ago it was contributed.NOTE: If you are over age 59 1/2 there is no early distribution penalty anyway so the answer makes no difference.   If you are over 59 1/2 entering zero is fine.  The 1099-R should have a code Q or T in box 7. 
TT imports the forms that its import partners post as available to import.  It sounds like you did this very early in the filing  season when the new W-2 forms had not yet been posted.If the IRS is correct, just go ahead and pay them what you owe. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Do you want a refund?  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead. 
http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/article20363778.html 
\n\nName the business and FEINThe company that issued the 1099-MISC, correct?   YESCounty of EmploymentDo I put the companys county location or that Im from Illinois ?  COUNTY WHERE YOU WORKEDFederal income\n\nBusiness Entity C, I assume   SHOULD BE ON THE FEDERAL SCH CNet Federal Business Income or (Loss) ,Bonus Depreciation/Other Add-backs, U.S. Government Bond Interest What are all of those?  My totals from federal, or just what I earned in Indiana as reported on the 1099-MISC?\n\n\nNET FED INCOME IS THE ENTIRE $1000Apportionment: Gross Receipts (Sales), Total Within Indiana, Total Within and Outside of IndianaWhat are all of these?\n\nUSE 100% OF THE $1000 EARNED  WITHIN INDIANA\n\n\n 
You cannot use TT online to do 2014 now. See this to purchase:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/You must print and file by mail.
See here. http://investors.intuit.com/press-releases/press-release-details/2016/Intuit-Assisting-Vermont-Taxpa...Per the accuracy guarantee, Turbotax will cover any late fees and penalties due to the error.  Whether that means you should also be entitled to a refund just because they made a mistake (presumably, your federal return is correct), you can apply to the Satisfaction Guarantee and see what they say,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301962 
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
Generally, you dont have to do anything special to report this.  Simply \nindicate to TurboTax that your spouse received all of the RMD for 2016 even though you \nwere the one who received the distribution.  TurboTax only needs to know\n that your spouses RMD was satisfied so that TurboTax does not prepare Form \n5329 Part IX for your deceased spouse to report an excess accumulation.If your deceased spouses IRA transferred to you your IRA trustee to trustee (usually the case), which is nonreportable (and not a distribution and rollover), it appears that you handled everything correctly with regard to satisfying your deceased spouses RMD with a distribution of your spouses RMD amount from your own account.  However, if you instead received a distribution from your spouses IRA, paid to you, which you subsequently rolled over to your own IRA, youve actually made an excess contribution to your IRA in the amount of the RMD; the portion of the distribution made to you from your deceased spouses IRA that was RMD was not eligible to be rolled over.  Properly resolving this would mean requesting a return of excess contribution, not a regular distribution.
The deadline to file an extension for 2015 was April 18, 2016. You can not file for a 2015 extension after that date. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on accessing returns from the TurboTax servers - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355524-when-does-access-to-my-prior-year-turbotax-online-returns-...And also this Support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3355526-what-if-i-need-a-prior-year-turbotax-online-return-and-i-m... 
If you file as married filing separately, and then your wife sends in the fully signed amended return as married filing jointly, the joint amended return will cancel both of the separate returns, yours and your wifes.
It sounds as though you purchased the Download version from Amazon, and didnt use our Online version, since when signing in, it asks you to complete your 2015 return and you state you already completed it. If you used the desktop version and you are looking for a copy of your return, please see this help article. If that doesnt help, please contact our support team to assist you by phone.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301497https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302441https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You are basically correct except that the excess $250 is also added back to your 2016 taxable income.  So if you are in the 25% bracket, you will pay $62 in income tax plus the $15 penalty.  If you withdraw the excess (you also have to withdraw any earnings earned by the excess), you will still pay the $62 of income tax, but you would have the remaining $190 as spending money rather than leaving it in the account.Then for 2017, if you contribute less than the maximum (and continue to remain eligible to contribute at all--people change plans) then this excess 2016 contribution will be converted to a 2017 contribution and you wont owe a repeat of the 6% tax.Turbotax will generate the form 8889 and the excess form 5329 based on your answers to the questions and your 1099-SA and form 5498-SA from the plan administrator. 
No, and you wouldnt want do because you would only have to turn around and recapture the depreciation on your tax return.Its already accounted for in the sale figures. You would report the amount  the unit sold for. Then you would subtract your cost   for the house + cost  for the carpet, HW heater and AC (improvements made). Then you would subtract the depreciation taken on all items, for your net gain or loss.  So, unclaimed depreciation reduces your gain and reduces the amount subject to taxation at the depreciation recapture rate 
To enter payments made with an extension request -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of payment made with the extension and click on the start or update button 
Accessing tax returns in a public place is risky.  Do you have a friend or family member that has a computer and printer? 
The withdrawal is always going to be taxable income everywhere, since it was not taxed when it was contributed (for a traditional IRA, that is).  You may be exempt from the additional 10% penalty, but only to the extent that your medical expenses are more than 10% of your adjusted gross income.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4838253 
Bills usually show up in  4 - 6 weeks from filing so ... did you actually file the state return?   Make\nsure you actually filed the state return .... \n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure\nTurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\n \n\nThen\nif you didnt transmit the return do so now by completing the FILE tab until you hit\nthe submit button for the state.\n\n \n\nThen\nif you did .... Go to the state web site to follow your progress....\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
TT has no control over how fast the IRS processes your refund, regardless of which version you use. 
Businesses that pay people for services (work) are required to issue a form 1099-Misc if they pay that person more than $600 in a calendar year. Many will issue the 1099-misc, even when they pay less than $600 and are allowed (but not required) to do so. The 1099-Misc will  go to you, with a copy to the IRS. The W-9 does not go to the IRS.YOU are required to report all your income, regardless of the issuance of IRS forms. Although it may be news to\nyou that you have a business (and most of the other people who get their\nfirst 1099-MISC); The IRS considers anything in box 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment\nincome. Enter the 1099-Misc income, at Other Common income / income from a\n1099-MISC . TurboTax (TT) will complete Schedule C or C-EZ for you and allow\nyou to deduct any expenses associated with this income. Youll also have to pay\nself employment tax (social security & Medicare) on any profits greater\nthan $400. These types of payments are frequently done this way. Your\nemployer is not the only one. You are expected to keeps records on your income and expenses. 
Paper filed returns take several weeks to process. Call 800-829-1040 to check on the status of your 2014 return. 
800-829-1040
You can cancel your QuickBooks subscription at any time:\nLog into your QuickBooks account at http://quickbooks.intuit.com/\n\nClick the Gear icon.\nSelect Your Account.\nOn the Billing Info page, click Edit Billing Info.\nClick Cancel Subscription.\nAnswer all of the exit survey questions and click Continue.\n
Box 4. It is a refund (or credit) for overpayment(s)\nof interest you made in a prior year or years.If you itemized deductions in the\nyear(s) you paid the interest, you may have to include part or all of the box 4\namount on the Other income line of your 2015 Form 1040. No adjustment to\nyour prior year(s) tax return(s) is necessary. For more information, see Pub. 936\nand Itemized Deduction Recoveries in Pub. 525. 
Federal or State refund?  The tax agency may have reduced the refund prior to the interception, or the rest may have been intercepted by someone else.
You mailed it, right?  It takes about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3170157-amend-my-state-taxes 
Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3362771-i-need-a-copy-of-my-taxes-that-i-already-filed-for-2015-pi...If you used TT Online, be aware that it is only good for one return per account. If you (say) did hers and then yours in the same account, you overwrote her returns.  Her return will not prove that she actually PAID California taxes, so be sure to send a copy of her W-2 or 1099 forms listing CA withholding, plus any bank or credit cards records of payments to CA.
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169610-ammend-2014-return 
No, just the opposite. If you sell the house for $500,000, after living in it AND owning it less than two years, you will have a capital gain based on your cost basis of $300,000. There may be an exception, if you father lived in it and died recently. That is, he retained a life estate in the home after giving it to you. 
The calculation is complex and in part depends on whether you are in a community property state in which all income is split between spouses, no matter who actually produced it.Details are here:https://www.irs.gov/irm/part25/irm_25-018-005.html 
The TT Income Summary only lists the gross (not taxable) numbers, and is just FYI.  Both the gross and taxable figures will be shown on your tax return.Only Federal is free if using TT Free.  State is extra, and there is a $34.99 charge to have fees deducted from your Federal refund. You can avoid that by paying with a debit or credit card. 
If your refund takes too long,  they will ask you to pay the fees.  See the first blue link in this FAQ"What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs on to it longer"https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbotax-fees 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
You refer to them as receipts, but when did you actually pay them?  You can only claim them the year you paid, not for 2015.You can no longer amend for a refund for tax years prior to 2012.  The amounts you listed for 2012-2015 are relatively small, and may not justify the cost to amend. 
As SweetieJean indicated, Payroll/HR/Accounting will likely be be happy to explain how components of your taxable income are derived, but there's no Requirement for a complete explanation to be on the W-2 itself. Most employers provide an end-of-year explanation in addition to the W-2 ...
Are you doing a Canada return?  This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca
If you got married in 2016 then nothing changes on your 2015 return.  For 2016 next year you can file a JOINT return even if only 1 person has income.  You don't claim her as a dependent just as a spouse on the Joint return.  You will get an exemption for each of you.  An exemption is the same as claiming a dependent.
Please contact TT Support for assistance.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.  Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time. 
Only if it is an eligible institution.  Only a very few foreign institutions are.An eligible educational institution is any college, university, vocational school, or other postsecondary educational institution eligible to participate in a student aid program administered by the U.S. Department of Education. It includes virtually all accredited public, nonprofit, and proprietary (privately owned profit-making) postsecondary institutions. The educational institution should be able to tell you if it is an eligible educational institution. 
Unless you filed an extension for your 2012 tax return, you cant amend it at this point and receive an additional refund.  It is fine to amend your 2013 and 2014 tax returns.
Please do not post your phone number on this public forum.Contact TT Support and ask them to give you the TT state efiling confirmation/tracking number (I dont know exactly what they call it), and then call GA with that info.  You may have to just file by mail now.Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number.Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time. 
If you are talking about a 2014 return or earlier, you likely wont have a choice on what size PDF to download.However, for a 2015 return, there are some choices that can be made.  Here are several ways to view/print the 2015 return.   So see which method provides you what you need.Log into your account and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll to some things you can do.   You should be able to view/print the PDF, which should be be a pretty basic PDF, although for some people it may not have everything they need.If the regular PDF doesnt have what you need, there should also be a link for all forms and worksheets there.   Perhaps thats what you already have.  Youd have to pick out the particular forms and schedules to print that comprise your as filed return.You can also try this alternate method, which is to open the return and print from the PRINT CENTER:\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, go to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, then click on MY ACCOUNT up at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nChoose to print/save/view this years return.  You may have a choice for\n a PDF as filed and one with all forms and worksheets.  See if the choice for the return as filed has a more manageable PDF for you.   I usually save both in my archives.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
First, be sure you are upgrading and paying in the same account as the locked returns--i.e., that you can at least see evidence of them in the Tax Timelines of the same account.If you already upgraded to PLUS, it will be grayed out.  You dont need to upgrade any further; you just need to get credit for paying the upgrade.Is the charge showing up at all on your cards account?   You said your card couldnt be authenticated, so it might be a pre-authorization that later drops off.  So it may not be showing up on TurboTaxs end as being paid.In any case nothing account-specific concerning fees can be handled in a user community forum like this.  To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
This is mainly a user community forum, so we wont know anything specific to your account here, but we can tell you how to look.  Then if you have any questions about it, we can try to answer them.  Heres how to get a list of your fees:Have you already filed?  If so, you will need to open the filed return back up to do the following.  If you havent filed yet, you can just go to the Tax Timeline and continue your return and follow the relevant steps below.\nLog in and go the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf you already filed, there will be no take me to my return button.\nSo scroll to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT.\nThen choose TOOLS, then MY FEES.\nWhat is displayed there for your charges?\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes/edits to an \nalready-filed return.  If you later need to make changes, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
Before paying, make sure you are in the same online account as the locked returns--that you at least see evidence of them in the prior-year tax timelines of the same account.Once you upgrade to TurboTax PLUS, you have to go to the Print Center to pay.   If  PLUS is grayed out, it means you have already upgraded.  Now you just need to pay.  Heres how:\nOpen your return and once past the blue Simple and accurate screen, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top.\nThen choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.\n\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
Long term. The usual rule, for a gift,\nis that the recipients basis and holding period is the givers basis and holding period. The life estate provision does not change that.There is an exception, for the cost basis for the gift of his home, where a life estate is involved. (seehttp://www.njelderlawestateplanning.com/2010/02/articles/estate-and-inheritance-tax/life-estates-estate-tax-and-inheritance-tax-consequences/ which\nstates in part If you give away an asset and keep a life estate in that\nasset..... the cost basis of the house is stepped-up to the value\nof the house on date of death [IRC 2036]). I dont believe that would be applicable in your case, since it was sold before death. You may want to seek professional tax accounting advice. \n\nMore info: http://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/20.2036-1
https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Self-Employment-Taxes/10-Tax-Tips-for-Airbnb--HomeAwa...this link you should read. 
Since you have already filed, youll have to open your return back up to get to the Upgrade link first, and then to the Print Center to pay after upgrading.  On the image you posted, your return is not open.  Thats why you dont see the necessary links.NOTE:  Before upgrading and paying, be sure you are in the same \naccount as the locked 2014 returns; i.e., that you at least see evidence\n of the locked 2014 returns in the 2014 Tax Timeline of the same \naccount.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the prior returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is still open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed. 
The 5-year period for making a Roth IRA distribution for a first home purchase a qualified distribution begins January 1 of the year for which you first made a Roth IRA contribution.  If you have no money in Roth IRAs prior to the rollover from the Roth 401(k), the 5-year period will begin January 1 of the year in which the rollover from the Roth 401(k) occurs.  The 5-year period from the Roth 401(k) does not carry over to the Roth IRA.  In other words, it does not matter when you made the contributions to the Roth 401(k).The rollover from the Roth 401(k) to the Roth IRA is not a taxable event.  When rolled from the Roth 401(k) to the Roth IRA, your original contributions to the Roth 401(k) become contribution basis in your Roth IRAs.  Employee contributions will be shown in box 5 you your Form 1099-R reporting the rollover.  If done as a direct rollover, TurboTax automatically records as Roth IRA contribution basis the amount from box 5.You can take distributions from a Roth IRA whenever you like.  Unlike a Roth 401(k) which requires distributions to come proportionately from contributions and earnings, distributions from a Roth IRA come first from contribution basis.  This means that you can take a distributions from your Roth IRAs up to the amount of your original contributions tax and penalty free.  Only when you dip into earnings will you need to apply the first-home purchase exception.  If you meet the Roth IRA 5-year rule, the first home purchase within 120 days after the distribution will make the earnings distributed tax and penalty free.  If you do not meet the 5-year rule, the earnings distributed will be penalty free but will be taxable.Be sure to perform any rollover from the Roth 401(k) as a direct rollover, otherwise 20% is required to be withheld from the taxable portion of the distribution for taxes. 
You will need to phone TurboTax Support for any account-specific fee issues.  To get a phone number, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
If you mention through this thread what California changed, someone may comment here on the forum about your situation.You mentioned audit protection.  Did you purchase Max Assist & Defend (Audit Defense)?  If you did purchase that product, heres how to contact the company that handles that.  Do not email any sensitive documents, since email is not secure.  Id phone them first and let them advise you on how to proceed.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924451-i-bought-max-or-audit-defense-and-now-i-m-being-auditedOr if you are not referring to that product, are you asking about the free audit support provided by TurboTax to its customers?  If so, they can be phoned using the following website:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Unless you had submitted timely Form 4868 for 2012, the deadline for amending 2012 for a refund expired on April 18th. 
By your username above it indicates online Deluxe.  Is that correct?See if you can use this method to download the *.tax2015 data file from your account.\nLog in and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline. ( If necessary, first click on Taxes at the top to to get the Tax Timeline.)\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nAmong the choices you should be able to see a link to download the *.tax file.\nAlso see the note I left below.\n
In the federal Wages and Income section of the interview, check and if necessary correct your W-2 entries. 
See this IRS website for information on the 5071C Letter you received from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/employees/understanding-your-5071c-letterIf you cannot use the Idverify website, you can call us using the toll-free Identity Verification telephone number provided in your letter. Again, you should have available a copy of your prior year tax return and your current year tax return, if you filed one, including supporting documents. 
Are you saying you are wanting to prepare and file a 2014 return?  A 2014 return cannot be \nprepared online.  But you can purchase 2014 software to install on your \ncomputer.   The 2014 return cannot be efiled; it has to be printed and \nmailed.You can buy the 2014 software from TurboTax as a download \nat the link below, or you may be able to find it at a discount from a \nreputable authorized retailer like Amazon.\n  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
Did you use Online TurboTax?   Ill tell you how to view/print/save at the bottom of this posting.But first you need to find the right account. Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  If you are not seeing evidence of your 2014 and 2015 returns when you log into the account and go to the Tax Timeline, then you are in the wrong account.  To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.After you find the right account, then see this FAQ on how to download/print:FAQ: How do I print a copy of my TurboTax Online return after filing, for my own records?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
This is mainly a user community forum, so nothing account-specific can be handled here.  However, you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours, however, to discuss any fee issues.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Asking tax advice from a faceless public forum is not the best idea.  Sit down with a tax planner or certified financial planner to see how adding a rental to your situation will effect you since a rental cannot be evaluated on its own. In the mean time start your education with the IRS pub 527, 946 & 551.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p527.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p946.pdfhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdf 
Since you received the return back from the IRS, it is not considered to have been filed.  So you can make any changes in it you want before you send another copy back--signed this time.As you mentioned, do not Amend the return.   But you can edit it.  Use the following method to open your unfiled return back up to edit it:\nLog into TurboTax and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nSince TurboTax thinks you were finished, there will be no take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state.  (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return back up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can then make any changes in it, then go to the FILE section to print out a new copy to sign and mail.\n\n 
First, if you efiled the state return, use this tool to be sure that the state return was efiled successfully and accepted.  https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf that shows the return was accepted, or if you mailed it, then use the state refund lookup info in the following FAQ.  If you cant use your states refund tracker, then the FAQ also tells you how you can phone your states Dept. of Revenue to speak to someone about it.FAQ:  How do I track my Massachusetts tax refund?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4779669 
If you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.   You can get the phone numbers when you scroll down a little on the webpage below:http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
See the TurboTax support FAQ for this error - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online 
Yes, you need to amend. The\nIRS considers anything in box\n 7 of 1099-MISC to be self employment income. If you dont amend, there is a very strong chance you will be hearing from the IRS. This is an active area of enforcement. Freelance income is almost always self employment.The TurboTax (TT) interview is very aggressive in steering a 1099-Misc (box 7) to self employment. If it took you to other income, you may actually qualify for an exception. But, be prepared to prove it to the IRS. For more info, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/c-zp2m0eKr4BDqeJe_aKs9/got-letter-from-irs-about-1099-misc-saying-i-may-be-liable-for-self-employment-tax-am-i-turbo-tax-didn-t-think-so?ppid=120878484 \n\n\n\nhttp://www.journalofaccountancy.com/Issues/2009/Jul/20091639.htm 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
If your tax return has already been processed by the IRS, youll have to file an amended return.  On the amended return, enter your exemption certificate info in the Health Insurance section.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot.... 
First, be sure you are looking in the right place:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-f...If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
For this problem it would be best to contact TurboTax support and speak directly to a support agent.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific Time, Monday through Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
It is possible that you paid the TT fees in increments not all at once  so look at your total fees and if you still have questions contact TT support directly. You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
That information is already built into the form 1095-A so just enter that form to get the 8962 to populate correctly along with the form 1040 page 2. Do not just enter that amount on line 46 as it is not correct. Log back into your return by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline>>> click on "add a state" to open the tax file>>> click on the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962 questions Under the Personal tab, select the Health Insurance section of TurboTax. When asked, Did you have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and Continue. When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes. When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue. Follow the prompts to enter the 1095-A.>>> click on the Review tab and fix any errors if needed>>> click on My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return>>> print off the form 1040 & 8962>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2 
The form you are looking for (Form RCT-101), is available with the Business version (not Home and Business) of TurboTax. 
The program should complete that form for you automatically ... however if you are doing it by hand then see the instructions for line 31 here on page 7 ... https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8863.pdf 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
You could amend the return to add the form 5329  OR  you can just fill out the form and mail it in by itself.https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-5329https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs
To file a Partnership return, you need TT Business (not Home and Business, which is only available for Windows.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/Also seehttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/partnerships
Qualified personal legal fees are a miscellaneous deduction first reduced by 2% of AGI.   The amount left after the reduction is an itemized deduction which will be of no tax benefit unless that and  all other itemized directions exceed the standard deduction.For 2015 the standard deductions are:Single or filing Married Filing Separately - $6,300Married Filing Jointly or Qualifying Widow(er) - $12,600Head of Household - $9,250(If over 65 or blind add $1,250 - $1,550 if filing single or HOH)
You can not delete your account. Once youve paid or registered, TT is required to store copies of your return. These are the same requirements imposed on accountants, CPAs, and other professional tax preparers.More Information:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online 
If you buy product to sell and you do not manufacture anything then you would not have any such costs. Skip those lines. 
In your last question, you mentioned an amended return. It must be filed by mail, and takes about 4 monrhs to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x-/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q... 
\n\nYou can call the\nIRS at 1-800-829-1040; dont select Option\n1 for refund that will just take you to an automated response, instead: it should get you to a live person\n\n- Choose Option 2 (Personal income\ntax)\n\n- Then press 1 (Form, tax history,\nor payment)\n\n- Press 4 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- Press 2 (For all other\nquestions)\n\n- When it asks you to enter your\nSSN or EIN to access your account information, dont enter anything.  After is asks twice, you will get another\nmenu\n\n- Press 2 for personal or\nindividual tax questions, it should then connect you to a live person\n\n
Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue.
Send CA a letter with copies of your W-2 and 1099 forms that show those state taxes withheld, and adding up to $6003.  (Be sure the 1099-R actually has something in Box 12). 
The irs should let you verify your account information. If you filed joint and only one person is one the account it will be rejected, and theyll have to mail out a paper check. But the bank should be able to tell you if that happened. 
There were several mistakes. First, a non-resident alien return is filed as married filing separately, so your wife was not listed and did not need an ITIN based on that return.2. Form 1040NR or 104NR-EZ arent the correct forms to file to begin with.You will need to amend your return.You are a dual status alien for 2015, so you would either file a dual status return as married filing separately (and no ITIN needed for your spouse) or you add a statement that you both choose to be treated as resident aliens. In that case you would file a joint return on form 1040 and apply for an ITIN for your spouse. But you both would need to report worldwide income for the entire year.Since you will need to amend your return, you need to choose either of these options, prepare the correct return and submit it together with form 1040X.Have a look at publication 519: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/ 
If you have not filed your tax return, paid for the online edition or registered the online edition then you can clear the return and start over with another online edition.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Clear & Start Over. 
Please see this, but be aware that the IRS might not consider it to be a loan of there is nothing in writing. If the loan was made to a family member or friend it could even be construed as a gift.  You may wish to seek local advice.https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc453.html 
You wont qualify for the capital gains exclusion, since you will not have lived in the home as your personal home for at least 2 of the 5 years immediately preceding the sale.The issue of carpeting and repainting is complicated.  There are some people who will consider that an expense of selling and deductible off the sales price, but the IRS guidance is much more specific on what deductible selling expenses really are.  The carpet will add to the cost basis of the home, but the painting is just maintenance and you dont get any consideration for that.  (Also note, if the previous $25K of improvements included carpet, you cant include that since you are ripping it out to put in new.  Only improvements that are still part of the house count.)So lets start with your cost basis for selling the home, which is not the same as the cost basis for depreciation.  The cost basis when selling will be $235 plus $25K improvements plus lets say $5K for the new carpet (also an improvement) minus $24K in claimed depreciation.  Equals $241K. Your sales price of $200K minus the real estate commission and any deductible selling expenses (survey, transfer tax) will be around $185K.Since the sales price after expenses is less than the depreciated value of the property, you wont owe any gains tax.If the sales price had been more than the depreciated value but less than the cost basis (i.e. more than $241K but less than $265K) you would owe depreciation recapture.  But with selling price so low, you dont even owe that. 
You can get them from the IRS and State tax websites, or here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/In any case, 2014 must be filed by mail. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
He must amend his return on Form 1040X to unclaim himself, and file it by mail. Since this will take several months to process you will have to file your own return by mail.Amendment instructions can be found here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot... 
Since your employer is not demanding an accounting of and support for your auto expenses this is considered a nonaccountable plan and the amounts paid to you are appropriately included in Box 1 of your W-2.  Yes, Box 14 is generally considered a memo field and what that memo field is telling you is the amount of the allowance thats included in Box 1.  Theres no need to enter the Box 14 amount anywhere as its strictly for your information; it allows you to understand why the Box 1 amount doesnt match your annual salary or wages.You itemize your employee business expenses on Form 2106 and to extent these business expenses are deductible you get the deduction on your Schedule A.Tom Young 
TurboTax does not have a copy of your actual W-2 form--only the information you entered into your return,  Have you already filed your return?  You may be able to print a W-2 worksheet. Have you downloaded your PDF with all forms and worksheets?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900831-print-a-copy-of-your-tax-return-for-your-recordsThe IRS can also provide a Wage and Income transcript that has the W-2 information.   https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptYour employer should be able to furnish you a copy of a W-2.  The Soc.Sec. Administration can furnish a copy of a W-2, but  there is a fee. 
Based upon what youve said, you do not need to file amended returns for either Federal or State. 
California does not allow a foreign tax credit or a foreign earned income exclusion. If you claimed the foreign earned income exclusion on your federal return, include the amount of your foreign earned income exclusion on Schedule CA (540NR), line 21f, column C. 
redacted 
Most of the time, the parents income has nothing to do with a childs tax return and doesnt even get entered.  There are a few times when the parents income can become important.1. If you have large investments in your name (stocks, bonds, etc.).  In this case, the income from the investments is taxed according to your parents income (to keep parents from dodging taxes by hiding income in their childrens name who pay lower tax rates.)2. If you are NOT a dependent of your parents but could be, and are covered by an Affordable Care Act insurance subsidy, then I believe the subsidy take into account your parents income and you will be asked about it.  But if you are a dependent and are covered by their insurance, then their income should not be a question on your tax return.3. There is one of the education credits that you can claim in your name if your parents are income-limited from claiming it.  But I dont think in that case that you will get asked for the amount of parents income, and you also could not have claimed that credit if you are on a full ride (you have no deductible/credit eligible expenses that you pay out of pocket.)So unless #1 or #2 sound familiar, then your parents income will not be an issue on your tax return.  If you need to check those issues, you would run the amended return process and check those interview sections (stocks/bonds/other income, health insurance, etc.)
Not only can you amend the return to file using the correct filing status ... you MUST amend to correct your mistake. 
You have to leave the window for the code open and then open your email in another window.If you close the first window the code expires and you have to get another. 
Only the IRS can tell you the status.\n800-829-1040\nWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \nFirst choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait. 
It is not safe to email tax returns.On your TurboTax home page Click Taxes Click My Tax Timeline Scroll down to things you can do Click Download and Print return or Click Download all forms and worksheets
Is it possible that you are logging in with a different User ID and therefore, you are not finding your tax returns? To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you could end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery
If your business is a sole proprietorship, you dont pay yourself. A sole proprietorship is not a separate entity. You and the business are one and the same. Your net business income (after expenses) is income to you personally. Paying yourself would just be taking money out of your own pocket and putting it back in the same pocket.Its not clear whether your wife is a part owner of the business or an employee. If you are the only owner and she is an employee, then you should pay her. If you pay her as an employee you have to withhold taxes, like any employer does. If she is a part owner, you could treat the business as either a partnership or a qualified joint venture. If its a qualified joint venture, its as if each of you had a sole proprietorship. You dont pay yourselves. You report it on your joint tax return with two Schedule Cs, one for each of you, each reporting your individual share of the business income and expenses.You should sit down with a local accountant to review how your business is structured and how to handle the accounting and tax reporting. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your State return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf it wasnt, you can just efile it now. 
I wonder if you spelled your name incorrectly in your tax returns.  You may want to log on and check.To get a corrected check issued, you will have to contact the state or IRS.  For a state number, they are all different, google the state income tax department. For the IRS, start here: https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...
You will file a NY nonresident return and put your Washington address on it and you will declare all the earnings you made in NY on that return.  You will prepare this return first.Second, you will file a Washington state resident return and declare the NY income on that return but Washington will all you an offset or credit for the wages reported and paid on in NY so you are not taxed twice on the same income.  This keeps your resident and nonresident status intact.  Read the Washington state instructions carefully on how to exclude "income earned in another state." 
If MN, see this:http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/prop_tax_refund/Pages/When_to_Expect_your_Property_Tax_Re... 
Our refund policy that you quoted is for our Desktop Software.  Our online version has a different refund policy as it is a Try before you buy service.  Regardless of the version you used, you will need to contact us directly to request a refund, were unable to issue a refund through this website.  Please use the following information to contact us regarding your Vermont return and your request for a refund.Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you purchased the Download software from TurboTax you can download the installation file at any time for any purpose as many times as you need for up to three years from the date of purchaseGo to this TurboTax website and sign onto you download account - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadSee this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-how-do-i-download-the-software-i-purchased-at-turbotax-com
If it says refund sent and you did not use refund processing (to pay your\nfees from your refund or get a debit card) then the money is between the IRS\nand your bank.  Try calling your bank.  If your bank rejected the\ndeposit (such as, for a bad account number) then the IRS will mail a check to\nthe address on your return in 2-3 more weeks.  If you do not receive a\npaper check in 3 weeks, you can put a trace on your refund. https://www.irs.gov/Help-&-Resources/Tools-&-FAQs/FAQs-for-Individuals/Frequently-Asked-Tax-Question...\n\nIf it says refund sent and you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently\ntricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG,\ntoll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.
Only the IRS can tell you. Try calling them. 
If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Yes there is ... on this screen choose this option.... 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3122481-i-need-help-with-filing-an-injured-spouse-form-and-doing-t... 
You can amend a tax return for up to 3 years from the original filing deadline to claim the education credit that you mistakenly did not claim. The American Opportunity Credit can be claimed for up to 4 tax years while you are an undergraduate student working toward a degree in the first 4 academic years. You said in your post you claimed the American Opportunity and Lifetime Learning Tax Credit but you can only claim one of the credits in any tax year. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583649-can-i-remove-plus 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
If you are having trouble finding it...call TurboTax and talk to a REP to help you walk thru it...........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
1. Log into your TurboTax account2. Select My Account in the upper right of the screen3. Select the Security menu on the left4. Select Edit to the right of the old phone number5. Select Change next to the old phone numberAlso, see this link for additional info on changing account settings: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900724-how-do-i-update-my-turbotax-account-information
Sorry you can't merge or combine or delete accounts.  Just pick one and stick with it.  Yes you can have up to 5 accounts for 1 email address.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
TT Online is only good for one return per account. Your son can try here:www.taxfreedom.com 
Please keep your related questions in one thread.  To reach the IRS from overseas, see this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally 
Total Miles  =  Business Miles (pizza) + Commuting Miles (computer op) + Personal Miles (everything else) 
No.  Turbo Tax only has programs back to 2012 and you cant do prior year returns online or efile them.  You would have to get the blank forms from the IRS and fill them out by hand and mail it.   And ps...its too late to get a refund for 2007.  You only have 3 years to file for a refund.
You will need to contact the IRS through their main number.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment. 
Dont try and claim a different (incorrect) exemption.As TaxGuyBill says, you need to be using the desktop version of turbotax, installed on your own Mac or PC.  You can buy a CD or a downloadable installer from Turbotax or major retailers like Amazon or Staples (who may offer larger discounts than direct from Turbotax).  You will also download your tax file (tax data file, name ends with .tax2015) from turbotax online and save it on your computer.Open the tax data file using the program on your Mac or PC and finish your tax return.   (If you have a state tax return, you may need to install the state module before your data file will open.)Click the Forms icon at the top of the screen to enter Forms mode, go to form 1040, line 57 (SE tax) and use the Override menu command to replace the figure there (calculated from schedule SE) with a zero.  When your return is completely finished, choose print and file by mail.  Discard the schedule SE that prints out.  Write Exempt, see attached statement on line 57 and Attach a copy of your Certificate of Coverage.  Sign and mail in the completed return.  You will also need to print and mail in the state return, since overrides void e-filing. 
The rejection notice from TurboTax only concerned your e-filed return.  Since you mailed the tax return you can ignore the notices.
If you applied for an installment agreement with the IRS, it takes them a while to respond to you. I recommend checking your printed or pdf copy of your tax return to be sure that the installment agreement form (Form 9465), was part of your return just to be sure that it was sent to them. And did your return get accepted, if you efiled it? If both of those are good, you should just wait to hear from the IRS.Per instructions for Form 9465 - We will usually let you know within 30 days after we receive your request whether it is approved or denied. However, if this request is for tax due on a return you filed after March 31, it may take us longer than 30 days to reply. If we approve your request, we will send you a notice detailing the terms of your agreement and requesting a fee of $120 ($52 if you make your payments by direct debit)See more information at http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i9465.pdf
Thanks for posting back!
If you did not itemize, you werent affected by the Vermont issue and dont have to submit an amended return to include a Vermont IN-155,.See the passage below from the Vermont Department of Taxation at:   http://tax.vermont.gov/individual/commercial-software-errorsQ: What Were the Errors?A: If a personal income taxpayer claimed itemized deductions for tax year 2015, then they were required to file Vermonts schedule IN-155. Incorrect software coding in several commercial tax preparation products caused some itemizers to submit their return without, or with an incomplete, IN-155. 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
The IRS can take as long as they want to process the return and Turbo Tax cannot do anything about it. The IRS no longer\nprocesses returns in first in first out batches. They are processed\nindividually so returns sent in at the same time will not necessarily process\ntogether. The IRS states that 9 of 10 returns will process in 21 days or less.\nHowever considering that the IRS processes more than 140 million returns that\nmeans 14 million will be delayed for more than 21 days. \n\nThink of the IRS process as a long pipe line.\nSome returns will be rejected before being allowed into the pipe and the rest\nwill be accepted. Then once accepted into the pipeline many will process\ndirectly through without any delays and some will not.  Some returns\nwill be siphoned off for further review of some kind. The basis of what\ntriggers these reviews is a well guarded secret but some are just picked\nrandomly every year.\n\nSome reviews are automated and some will require\nhuman attention. The processing times will vary but, due to the understaffing\nsituation that the IRS announced earlier this year,  they are likely\nto be much longer this year. \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4495802\n\n\n\n\n 
Sorry, not if you used the Desktop CD/Download program installed on your computer.  Then the only copies are on your computer and on your backups.If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html
Sounds like you have a laundry list of things to send to the IRS ... they stopped processing your return until you send the requested information. Simply assemble all the documents needed and send the package to the address on the notice... they want the form 1040(signed) , 8962, 8812, Sch C & the EIC.  Did you possibly print the return on both sides of the paper?  If so then the IRS date entry person didnt see the back side of the pages. Never print on both sides. 
When preparing your tax return you have several options to obtain a refund.  You can request a paper check mailed to your address, you can request direct deposit to a bank account, or you can request part of your refund in the form of US savings bonds.  If you choose direct deposit, you can use a traditional checking or savings account, or you can use a pre-paid debit card that you already own if that card has a bank account and routing number (check with customer support if you dont know).  Finally, your last option is to have Turbotaxs partner bank send you a brand new pre-paid debit card with the refund loaded on it, and this has a $34.99 service fee attached.If you already filed, and dont know what you requested, you can download or print the pdf for all forms and worksheets which contains a page of instructions. 
It depends on your total income for the year that the forgiveness is processed and the 1099-C is issued, as well as any deductions, spouse income, etc.  This article has a good view of the tax brackets. http://www.forbes.com/sites/kellyphillipserb/2015/10/21/irs-announces-2016-tax-rates-standard-deduct...It is likely to be taxed at 15% or 25% or a blended rate, depending on your other income.When you file your tax return, pay as much as you can, and you can use Turbotax to request a payment plan for the rest.  You may be able to exclude the cancelled debt from your income if you are going through bankruptcy or are insolvent (owe more debts than you can pay back).  If you feel that is the case, you can attempt to include a form 982 with your tax return to show you are insolvent and dont owe the tax.  (But if you are canceling the loans in order to prevent yourself from becoming insolvent or bankrupt in the future, then unfortunately it will be taxable.)  Form 982 is not supported in Turbotax online, you would need to use the desktop version. 
1. If you file electronically, it can take up to 3 days for the IRS to download the tax return from the turbotax data warehouse (although it usually takes less).  Turbotax cant do anything to speed it up, it all depends on when the IRS connects to the data warehouse.2. Once the IRS downloads the return, they will either accept it for processing, or reject it (usually for some kind of mis-match of key information between the return and the IRS databases.)  If it is rejected, you will need to log back into your account and fix the error or print and mail your return.3. After your return is accepted by the IRS for processing, refunds usually take 3 weeks but sometimes longer, and that is out of Turbotaxs control.4. A separate issue is that if you do not file your state return at the same time as your federal return, your state return will be marked as pending and cant be filed until your federal return is accepted.  This is an anti-fraud measure.  If that is what has happened, you will need to log back into your account every day or so until the federal return is accepted, at which point you will need to complete the state filing process. 
If you are considered an independent contractor, you are self-employed and you will need to pay your own taxes out of your earnings.  See below for a starter review.There is a big increase lately in the number of contract workers, as government rules make it more expensive to hire employees.  Employers have certain duties to employees that they can skip with regard to contract workers.  However, if you think your treatment as a contract worker is incorrect or unfair, see here https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5448190 
If I understand your scenario correctly, your return is finished but has not yet been actually filed.  Try this:\nWhen you log in, go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIs there a take me to my return button?  If so, click to reopen the return.\n\nIf there is no take me to my return button because TurboTax thinks you are finished, heres how to open the return back up.\nIn the 2015 Tax Timeline scroll down a bit to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return back up.)\nOnce the return is open you can review/edit any section.\nThen when youre ready, go to the FILE section to pay and efile (or print to mail.)\nNOTE:\nIf youve already paid, you can review/print the actual forms prior to filing.\nIf you havent paid, but want to pay in advance to view/print out the forms, then while the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/preview this years return, and it will prompt for payment.\nYou can then view/print at will prior to filing.\n\n 
Your distributions should be entered in part 2 along with the confirmation that they were all medical and non taxable. Because part 2 is blank, the IRS assumes the distributions were not qualified.  I cant say what you entered when you prepared the return, and whether it was your mistake or a programming error, but you definitely should amend.  If you made contributions by payroll deduction, they were captured from your W-2. Your distributions would have been entered in the 1099-SA section in wages and income or in the HSA section of medical expenses on the Deductions and Credits page.   If you filed online for 2014, you will need to download your tax file and download the amend-only version of Turbotax.  Start with this instruction page,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288565Depending on how you filed in 2014 and 2015, you may need to pay to unlock your 2014 return.Amended returns must be printed and mailed in, they cant be filed electronically.  I would probably mail the amended return to the regular address, and ALSO mail a letter to the office that sent you the notice, explaining the error and that you are filing an amended return.  Or, you can just mail the amended return to the office that sent the notice. 
Not a video, but this may help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169441-can-turbotax-figure-my-estimated-taxes-for-2016 
What you are doing when you have amounts reflected in boxes 1 and 2 is correct.  Typically what is done is one K-1 input will be for line 2 only and the other K-1 input will be for all other boxes.This is done this way as the software handles the rental portion computation better.When the LLC dissolves, it does not matter which K-1 input you use to determine the overall gain or loss.  However, in order to determine the overall gain or loss, you need to be maintaining a basis schedule of your investment in the LLC.  This basis schedule is maintained on an overall basis and not split between the two K-1 input screens.  If you do not maintain this basis schedule you will not be able to determine your gain or loss upon disposition.  Always easier to maintain on an ongoing basis, then to try and recreate many years later; when the potential of not having all the K-1 information. 
If you were a resident alien/citizen/permanent resident, then yes, you have to file the FBAR form. All resident aliens/US citizens/permanent residents need to file the FBAR form, no matter where they live.
The schedule K-1 has multiple lines which provides detail of many specific types of income or loss that passes through to the owner.  The amounts reflected on the K-1 show up in many different sections of the 1040 so as to maintain the correct character of the income, loss, gain or deduction.You dont indicate what type of entity this is.  Does the $2,822 agree to a specific line on the K-1?  I assume it does and is the result of the business selling some equipment. 
Only\nthe IRS can help you with this issue.\n\nCall\nthe IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen\ncalling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo\nafter first choosing your language, then do\nNOT choose Option 1\n(refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax\ninstead.\n\nThen\npress 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen\npress 4 for all other questions.\n\nThen\npress 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you\nto an agent.\n\nOr\nyou can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS\noffices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr\nyou may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS\nwebsite for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Amend your 2013/14 returns. You cannot take a deduction, or credit,  in 2015, since you did not repay previously taxed income. . 
If the rejection was that a return had already been filed in your name then you know the IRS has your return and it is being processed.  Check the tool here to see if the refund has been sent yet ... https://www.irs.gov/refunds 
The letter SCH stand for Scholarship and the number is the amount of scholarship that was taxable.  This number is included in the amount shown on Line 7.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for taxable scholarships - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2172062-why-is-my-scholarship-taxable
You would need to contact TurboTax directly. They open at 8:00 AM Pacific time. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041 
No one hear can call you, this is a user to user forum and a public forum.  I have removed your phone number for your privacy.You can contact TurboTax support to see if they can help you with your account.\n\nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n\nWhen you enter\nyour question for a Refund,\ndo not put the word refund in the question box, otherwise it will take\nyou to check on your tax refund, instead enter something like billing.\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Your questions are legal questions, not tax questions. You have to ask your lawyer.Theres nothing unusual about alternating years for claiming a child as a dependent. Thats very common in divorce decrees. The decree does not have to specify when to stop claiming him as a dependent. The tax law will determine that. At some point he will no longer meet the requirements to be claimed as a dependent. That will probably happen when he graduates from college, or soon after that. Then neither parent will be able to claim him anymore. 
You should print and mail both your 2014 and 2015 returns now (in separate envelopes).  As noted, you cant e-file for 2014, and you dont want to let the 2015 go any longer than necessary.  Even if you filed 2014 by mail and waited 8 weeks, your AGI wont be added to the PIN system to let you e-file 2015.  Just mail them so you know they are finished. (You may want to use an express service or US mail service that includes tracking numbers, so you can verify delivery.)Depending on what caused the rejection in 2014, you may want to contact customer support so that it can be resolved before next year.  We cant see your returns so we dont know what the errors are or how to fix them -- there are many issues that can cause IRS rejections, from problems with social security numbers not matching their records, to cross-filed dependents, or mistakes in the IRS databases for various credits.  Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
It would be best if you contact TurboTax support through their contact website to verify the call.  TurboTax support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific Time, Monday thru Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
All amended tax returns must be mailed. TurboTax should print instructions with the mailing address. If not, you should be able to find your states address using this link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html 
You should use a W-4 calculator to determine how much to withhold. You can open your tax return and type W-4 in the search box and click on Find then jump to to access a W-4 calculator from within your tax return.Or you can used the one at this link: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/Or you can use the one from the IRS: http://apps.irs.gov/app/withholdingcalculator/ 
Once your refund has been issued and the attempted deposit bounces back, the IRS will mail you a check. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked
You need to report both refunds.  Did you both itemize or take the standard deduction last year?TurboTax does not handle this. If you enter more than one state refund, it just adds them together. It does not ask separately for each refund whether you itemized last year. It just asks once after all the refunds have been entered. There is only one State and Local Income Tax Refund Worksheet, so there is no way to do the calculation separately for the taxpayer and spouse. The help for the worksheet even says that a change in marital status from last year is one of the situations it does not handle.So either.....If you both itemized deductions last year then add them together and enter it.If you both took the standard deduction last year add them together and enter it.If one person took itemized deductions and the other one took the standard deduction then only enter the one that itemized deductions. 
With an income that high, your itemized deductions and personal exemptions are likely to be phased out; you will be subject to the additional Medicare tax; etc..  Also keep your state and local taxes in mind.Please consider seeing a local financial/tax plannner.http://taxfoundation.org/article/2016-tax-bracketshttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/questions-and-answers-for-the-addition... 
You can check the status of your e-filed returns here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
Please see this: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked 
I think the issue is going to be, can you really show that you use the home office area exclusively for work?  Thats one of the requirements, the space cant be used for any other purpose (or only trivial de minimis uses).  That seems a bit of a stretch to claim 20% of a two bedroom apartment as exclusively used by you for business.Assuming you do meet the exclusive test, there is no reason I can think of not to claim the 20% of all expenses rather than 20% of your share.  You are using 20% of the whole apartment for work, so 20% of the whole rent goes for the work space.  Just because you might not divide the rent exactly on square feet shouldnt matter.
There is no way to enter NRA for your spouses Social Security number in TurboTax. Leave the spouse SSN blank. Ignore the error in the error check. (Just click Continue when the error check tells you to enter the SSN.) Print your tax return, write in NRA by hand in the space for the spouse SSN, and file your return by mail.Please do not post multiple questions about the same problem. If you need more help or have a follow-up question, add a comment here. Do not post another new question about your nonresident alien husband not having a Social Security number.
I dont think anyone here can help you.  In the past, even the Turbotax employees who were on call in the last days of the filing deadline didnt know much about these side offers.  The Post Office will forward your mail if you fill out a change of address card -- magazine for 6 months usually, and regular mail for 12 or 18 months.  As each magazine comes in, you can change the address with them, theyre likely all different anyway. 
Turbotax assigned a penalty of $1000?  Thats a big penalty!  Likely you dramatically underpaid your estimated taxes for the year.  If you need help understanding the situation, you could post more details and the volunteers can try and help you understand.But on the penalty issue itself, its no surprise that Turbotax calculation disagreed with the IRS.  The formula is complicated and open to interpretation, especially in cases where your income varies during the year.  A person who makes $100,000 of self employment income in one month, and nothing the other 11 months, will owe very different estimated taxes than someone who makes a steady $8333 per month, and the penalties for not paying are likewise very different and not easy to figure out.  Usually the difference is fairly small but the more complicated the taxpayers situation, the more likely the calculation is to be off.  At least turbotax over-estimated the penalty so you got a refund, rather than owing more.You can try and call customer support and speak to a tax specialist (youll have to get past level one support somehow), and maybe they can tell you what it is about your personal situation that caused turbotax to be wrong (if its worth the effort to get an answer).  This is a public forum and most of us are volunteers, we cant see your tax data. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901516-military-spouses-and-state-taxes 
Please be patient. Other users (who verified in March or April) are still waiting.
Each state is different, so please check your state tax website. Also see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2947227-which-states-are-anticipating-refund-delays-for-2015-retur... 
They want to make sure it was really you that filed those returns, you were really military, lived in Alaska, etc.TT is a self-prepared income tax software program, not a CPA firm.  It goes by what you enter.http://www.tax.newmexico.gov/Individuals/ 
The 2014 version of Turbotax for the Mac implemented a new password scheme, that used your Intuit login credentials as the key.  The reasoning was that if you forgot your password, customer support could unlock your file.  However, the downside(s) were that you had to have an internet connection to open your file, and that your encryption was tied to a cloud service that was controlled by someone else with no firm guarantee of how it would be managed.  This scheme has been abandoned for 2015 and Turbotax is back to local-only password locking.(As a side comment, I would never use any companys built-in encryption to protect my personal files.  There is a much more secure free method called a sparse encrypted disk image that you can create using the Mac operating system itself for free, is much more secure, and does not rely on another company that may or may not use best security practices.)I believe Intuit uses a single credential loginyour user name and password are valid on all Intuit sites, including Quickbooks and Turbotax.  However, sometimes people have more than one account, and sometimes without realizing it.  You can use the account recovery tool to see if you have more than one account.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/To open your 2014 tax file, since it was originally encrypted, what is supposed to happen is that you need to supply the original user name or account you used, with the current password for that account.  If that doesnt work, try the user name you were logged into when you saved the file with the original password.Otherwise you will need to call customer support to get the file unlocked.  Be sure to save a copy with the encryption turned off.  If you want to encrypt your files, I would use the sparse disk image method for all your files, and not use application-level encryption from any company.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Log back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n 
You can file by mail, if you owe taxes then you would send in a check for the amount owed with your return. Or, you can pay Federal taxes owed on the IRS website.  You would not be double charged, since no information was sent to the IRS (and State). That information is only sent when you e-file.IRS make a payment Online, if you dont want to include a check with your return:https://www.irs.gov/payments-------------------------------------------If you owe State taxes and you do not want to include a check with your return you can check your States website for options to pay online.-----------------------------------------You would still have to pay for your TurboTax fees before you print to mail (or e-file).
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
No, you cannot claim Exempt, but you can change the number of exemptions. 
The payment voucher is part of your tax return so save/view your return and print off the voucher with the PDF reader.  \n\nTurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n       \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n       \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n
See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb... 
You can get an estimate of your tax refund by using TaxCaster, at the following link.https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/The only way to know the exact amount of your tax refund is to do your tax return. After you have entered all your information, TurboTax will show you the amount of your refund (or the amount due if you have to pay).TurboTax includes a refund monitor that shows you a changing refund amount as you work on your tax return. The refund monitor is not accurate until you have finished entering all your information. 
Did you have a second W-2 or did you mean that you entered the 1099-R and the refund was reduced?If you mean the 1099-R ... then after you entered the 1099-R ... you had to continue to answer the follow up questions to indicate that is was a military pension so when you get to the state it will recognize it as a military retirement check. 
It can take several months before IRS will approve or deny the installment agreement application.  If youd like to make payments toward the balance before you get the letter approving or denying the application (the letter will inform you when the automatic payments will begin), you can do so electronically through the IRS Direct Pay website:https://www.irs.gov/Payments/Direct-PayOr you can send payments in via check through the mail, you should always accompany the check with a payment voucher to identify the payment for the correct tax year.  You can download and fill in a 1040V payment voucher direct from the IRS website.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040v.pdf 
You may be able to exclude some of the gain due to hardship if the move qualified for a moving expense deduction.  For example, if you only lived in the house 1 year instead of 2, you may have 1/2 of the $250,000/$500,000 exclusion (which may be enough to exclude the entire gain.)  Turbotax will work you through the hardship provision. 
They cashed my payment within 3 days. Be glad they did - you would be paying late payment penalties and interest if they didnt.  If they did not have our signatures on file, how could they legally take my money?Because the check was made out to them and you signed it.And why should I have to resend our w2s, again, they would already have those on fileThey may not have them on file.  Forms W-2 are often processed long after refunds are made to the taxpayer.  Thats why they want your copies with the return. 
Can I do this without having to file another tax return separate from my personal income return? Yes, you can.  You can even do it on-line:  https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n... and you can do it mid-year. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
We can help you amend your 2015 taxes\nif you need to make changes and your taxes were already e-filed and accepted\n(or mailed).  \n\nBefore you get started, read\nthis to\nmake sure you actually need to amend. Another popular tip: you have until April\n18, 2019 to amend your 2015 taxes.\n\n1.      Sign in to your TurboTax account. \n\n2.      Click Taxes in the upper left corner.\n\n3.      In\nthe 2015 Tax Year section, click Amend\n(change) return. \n\no   If\nyou dont see this and you see a big, orange Take me to my return button, you dont need to amend. You\ncan make any changes because you havent filed your taxes yet.\n\n4.      In\nthe pop-up window, click Amend using TurboTax Online\n\n5.      When\nyou see Welcome Back, click\nAmend (change) a filed and accepted return.\n\no   If\nyou are on a different screen, click Federal Taxes,\nthen Other Tax\nSituations, then click Amend a Return.\n\n6.      Click Continue on the Well\nhelp you change (amend) your return screen.\n\n7.      Follow\nthe on-screen directions to amend your return.\n\no   It\nis completely normal if your refund drops to zero or does strange things while\nyou are amending. Your calculations will come out correctly in the end.\n\n8.      When\nyoure done, well give you instructions to print and mail your amended return\nbecause they cant be e-filed.\n\nYou can track your amended taxes with\nthe IRS tracking tool. It takes the IRS around\n16 weeks to process your amended taxes.\n\nThe processing time for amended state\nreturn differs from state to state. Contact\nyour state to\nfind out how long it takes them to process your amended taxes.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n       \nDo I\nNeed to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n       \nCan\nI amend if I already received my refund?\n\n       \nForms\nAvailability Table for TurboTax Federal Products (except Business) 
I dont use Online, but customer support has told us that once you file, you cant delete or overwrite.  So that suggests that you have more than one account and logged into the wrong one.  Sometimes people create second accounts by mistake.  Use the account recovery tool to see if you might have a second account associated with one of your email addresses.  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/On the other hand, many of the volunteers are at least concerned that it is possible to overwrite your data after filing.  (Most of us use desktop and arent willing to file our own real tax return online just for testing.)  If you overwrote your data, its gone.  You can request a transcript or copy of what you filed from the IRS.  https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcriptYou can also try contacting customer support. Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
When to Check Your Refund Status\n16 weeks after you mail or e-file your tax returnhttps://tax.ehawaii.gov/hoihoi/refund.html 
The Online version automatically saves after each page of entry, it will save your amended return. 
Are you using TurboTax Online?  If so, Im not sure what rebooted has to do with your question.  Rebooting is something that desktop users (CD/download) have to do occasionally to resolve an issue.Next to your username above it says you are using online Home and Business.  Is that correct?  Are you using the Online TurboTax (website?)   The rest of this answer is directed to online TurboTax.  If thats not your situation, then you need to explain more.Are you saying TurboTax thinks you are finished, but you have not filed, and just need to open the return back up?\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can review and edit prior to filing.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes to an already-filed return, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
This is the only fix I see....https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5324304IF not that, Tech Support is supposedly still on duty for another 30 minutes, but  will be up and running again on Tuesday..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
The regular Free Edition is free for Federal only, and only for 1040A/1040EZ returns.  It is the FREEDOM Edition that is free for both Federal (if one qualifies) and State.  The FREEDOM Edition is the version that is done in conjunction with the IRS.TurboTax has 2 free products.  The regular Free Edition is for simple 1040A or 1040EZ returns.  It is currently free for Federal and 29.99 for a State return. TurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free Federal preparation and free State preparation. There is no efiling fee.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (may require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 
This is mainly a user community forum--not a direct route to Customer Support, but we can tell you how to reach them by phone.  What is the state claiming and do you agree with it?TurboTax has an Accurate Calculations Guarantee.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2566201-what-is-the-turbotax-100-accurate-calculation-guaranteeYou can reach the free TurboTax Audit Support people to discuss your state letter by getting a phone number at the following link.  The links will say IRS letter, but they will also help with a state issue.  So just follow the prompts and the phone number will display.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Since you were married on Dec 31, 2015, you are considered married for that tax year and unmarried for 2016 (unless you remarry). 
Only you would have copies of those forms. You can get duplicates form the parties that sent them to you, such as your employer. 
Please see this:http://www.obliviousinvestor.com/sep-vs-simple-vs-solo-401k/ 
FOR 2014:  You need to pay for a 2015 return to unlock 2014.  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online FOR 2015:  Whether or not you are claimed as a dependent you might still have to file a return.  You need to check the box that says you can be claimed.  Go to Personal Info and click Edit by your name and scroll down to #3.  What kind of income do you have?  W2 or 1099Misc?  If you only have W2 income you have to file it it is over $6,300 or if it's under 6,300 to get back any withholding taken out.  If you got a 1099Misc for any amount you do have to file.To pay for 2015 to unlock 2014 you need to start a return and upgrade to PLUS.  Then enter some basic info like your name and then go up to My  Account - Print Center and say you want to print.  Then it will make you pay. 
The only difference this year is that I messed up my account number and that is also why your CT taxes were not paid.  Please see this re paying CT:http://www.ct.gov/drs/cwp/view.asp?a=1462&q=266288 
You can print them out, and then use a marker to redact the SSN. 
Santa Barbara Tax Products Group is the bank that operates the refund processing service that takes the TurboTax fees out of your federal tax refund, and forwards the balance on to you or your bank.You can contact them using this information (although they are probably closed today for the holiday): https://www.sbtpg.com/ Toll-Free number for TPG Online Consumer Tax - 877-908-7228 
To enter Foreign Tax Credit:1. Federal Taxes2. Deductions & Credits, Jump to Full list3. Scroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid, select Foreign TaxesJust a note that you cannot claim the foreign paid tax credit on taxes paid on income that is excluded using the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion on form 2555. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2692082-why-does-my-return-say-preview-only 
Well prompt you to pay any fees when you get ready to e-file or print your return.You can also complete your purchase at any time, for example if you need to pay for an upgrade so you can unlock a prior-year return:\nSign in and click the big, orange Take me to my return button. Continue until you pass the blue Simple and accurate screen.\n\nSelect My Account > Print Center, located in the upper right corner of your screen.\nClick Print, save or preview this years return and then click Pay now.Select this option even if its a prior-year return you want. This option triggers the payment screens.\n\nClick Continue on the Review Your Order screen and then enter your credit card info to complete payment.\nWe accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover cards and pre-paid credit cards with a U.S. billing address.  Sorry, were unable to accept check, money order, or cash payments. 
Not if you used the desktop version.  The only copy would be on your computer or your backup.You can get a transcript from the IRS for free or a copy for a $50 fee.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript
You probably should ask ETrade to be sure about this, but generally speaking a sale of stock acquired via an ESPP can create compensation income, which needs to be reported as such, but the compensation gets added to the discounted, out of pocket cost of the stock to calculate gain or loss.You seem to be in the process of preparing your 2015 income tax return so I assume the transaction took place in 2015.  You need to check to see if the compensation was included on your 2015 W-2.  If it was then all you really need do is report the sum of the Acquisition Cost and Ordinary Income Recognized as the basis for the sale.If the compensation cost was not reported on your W-2, which could be the case if this was a Qualified sale, then work through the ESPP step by step interview to report the sale.  Keep working through the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview, completing it entirely; dont stop after entering the sale itself.   Youll eventually come to a page where TurboTax shows you the amount of compensation it has calculated, which should be that $22.18, and ask if the amount is included on your W-2.  If you answer No TurboTax will then include that compensation on line 7 of your Form 1040.Tom Young 
If you did not file your original 2014 return with Turbotax, you can still amend it here.You would have to purchase the 2014 desktop software; recreate your original return; fool the system by telling it to print  and file by mail (but do not actually do so); amend it;  print the amended return; and actually file it by mail.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
You have to get it from TT Support, which is closed now for the long holiday weekend.  But check here:To access your downloads after purchasing from TurboTax.com follow these steps.\nSign in to My Downloads.\nClick the blue Download arrow for the product you would like to download.\nSave the download somewhere on your computer where you can find it  your desktop is a good place.\nAfter the download has finished, install your software by double-clicking the downloaded file.\n 
To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
It is not a known problem (speaking as a non-resident of California who has filed a CA return annually since 2006).  If you believe that Turbotax made an error in your tax calculation, here is some information about the accuracy guarantee:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901269-how-do-i-submit-a-claim-under-the-turbotax-100-accurate-ca...
Okay, so you probably began your 2015 return using the online platform.There is no charge for the online program until you either print or file.  So no problem there.  A TurboTax account, once opened, cant be closed.  Users simply abandon the account.  If youd like to remove all the information you have entered, you can do so using the Clear and Start Over feature.  See the instructions below.  (Obviously, you wouldnt start over).  :)https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4248526As for accessing your 2014 return, Im including instructions below to assist.  Please note that if you used the Free Edition for 2014, you will be unable to download a PDF without making a minimum purchase from the 2015 program.  The Free Edition does not offer the feature of ongoing access to your tax returns prepared in the online platform.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525Please post back if you have further difficulty, or contact TurboTax Customer Support during business hours using the instructions below.  Support will be closed for Memorial Day on 5/30/2016.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Possibly, but you will need to know your login information for your TurboTax account.  Some users have more than one account but dont realize it.  See the information below for obtaining a PDF file of your 2011 return filed using TurboTax online.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2548451-filed-a-paper-return-that-got-lost-can-i-still-efile 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees 
Are you a professional gambler? Otherwise the gambling winnings are not subject to social security tax,Examples of items that are NOT self-employment income are S corporation income, gambling winnings (unless you are a professional gambler), rental income from real estate (unless you are a real estate dealer), and jury duty pay. http://www.webtaxcenter.com/f1040sse.jspThe babysitting income would be taxable for SE .
Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file. \n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\n\n  https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\nIf you dont have a copy and cannot access one then you will need to recreate the return to get the needed form. You may also seek qualified local assistance if this is beyond your abilities. 
If he claimed them as a qualifying relative  then he would have no problems with the IRS rules ... however if he claimed them as qualifying children then that was incorrect and will not hold up to the IRS audit.  Until you are married he cannot claim them as children and get the benefits that come with that option. Sadly these rules changed about 18 years ago much to the dismay of those  boy/girl friends.A dependent must be a\ncitizen or resident, claimed on only one tax return, and cannot file a joint\nreturn.\n\nAdditionally, to qualify as\na relative, the dependent must:\n\n        \nlive with you all year  - except close\nrelatives as defined in Publication 501\n\n        \nearn less than $4000 (except nontaxable Social Security\nbenefits)\n\n        \nprovide less than half of their own support\n\n        \nbe claimed by only one person\n\nOR, additionally, to\nqualify as a child, the dependent must:\n\n        \nbe related to you\n\n        \nbe under 19, or under 24 if a full-time student (there is no age\nlimit if totally and permanently disabled)\n\n        \nlive with you for over half the year (when away at school, that\nis considered only a temporary absence)\n\n        \nprovide less than half of their own support\n\n        \nbe claimed by only one person\n\nFor more information,\nplease read https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Family/Rules-for-Claiming-a-Dependent-on-Your-Tax-Ret...\n\n 
Will it be difficult? Yes... when is entering 25 of something different ever easy.... but yes there is enough room.
Yes, but only if:1. You are legally obligated to pay it, such as a co-signer2. She was your dependent at the time the money was used to pay educational expenses3. You actually paid it 
The only way to prove filing is to request a transcript from IRS, which will corroborate what you show on paper. Only the original filed return will be available. 
The email address used for notifications, receipts, etc., and the log-in User ID are not necessarily the same.  The User ID doesnt even have to be an email address, or it might be part of an email address.  You can even have multiple accounts without realizing it.This is the download link for TurboTax.   Youll likely have to sign into your account at quicken.com to get the Quicken download.   The Quicken community forum can help you with that, if necessary.https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadHeres how to look for multiple accounts and recover access.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Then try each User ID you found at the download link I provided above. 
Form 1040X becomes your new, amended tax returnHow to file:Do not include your old 1040 nor your revised 1040 because the Form 1040X reflects any changes there and becomes your new tax return.Include any new document only if it shows tax withheld, and include any other Sequence Numbered tax forms that changed due to your amendment. Attachment Sequence Number is on all the forms that come after 1040. 
If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.See this:https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return
You do not qualify to claim exemption from NC tax, under the military spouse rules. You must file an NC return. Whether you file as a non resident or part year resident, depends on whether you still claim CA as your resident state.For details see:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/State-Taxes/Filing-State-Income-Taxes-When-You-re-in-the-Military/GEN12772.html?_requestid=46732 
You said you have separate 1095-As?If your son has his own 1095-A, you do not need to allocate anything to him, and you dont enter a percentage.  Just make sure the SLCSP (column B) on the 1095-A is correct:https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-tool/If you just mean you have also received corrected 1095-As and that you are all on the same 1095-A, see this post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur...If you have already filed your tax return and you now have received corrected 1095-As, you need to amend:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3061514-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2015-return-with-turbot... 
When you log in, see if\nthere is a Taxes tab (link) up at the top.   Clicking that should\ntake you to your Tax Timelines.\n\nIf it acts like it wants\nyou to start a new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.\n\nUse the tool below to look\nfor multiple accounts (User IDs).  Run it on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck, then you can run that tool\nagain, but this time choose the tiny link that says I dont know my email\naddress or user ID, and it will then try to look you up by SSN and other\nparameters.Log back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n 
No Enter each 1098 separatelyEnter one, click "Add another 1098" to enter the second oneNote that different limits apply to the home equity loan which is explained on the entry screen 
It  is weird.Follow the directions on the letter for how to dispute the findings of the IRS.Prepare a corrected return to compute the correct tax due.Then you  can show the amount of your distribution, your tax bracket , and the calculated amount of additional tax you think you should be paying. 
As Volvogirl said, there is no maximum on a rollover to an IRA. That being said, you would be better served by doing a direct Trustee to Trustee transfer of the entire 403(b) balance to a Trad IRA, without having any taxes withheld.  This would be a non taxable event.You can then draw down on the IRA as your cash needs require, and pay taxes at that time. 
First check line 61 of your Form 1040 to see what penalty you were actually charged..The penalty for 2015 is the higher of these:\n2% of household income\n\nMaximum: Total yearly premium for the national average price of a Bronze plan sold through the Marketplace\nOR$325 per adultIt may be that the IRS adjusted your household income so that an additional $93 is due.
When did you file?  It may just be a normal processing delay. See Q17 here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds/tax-season-refund-frequently-asked-questions 
If you used TT Free for the old filings, you will have to contact TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday to get those files unlocked. 
\n\nPersonal\nbad debts are deductible as a short term capital loss on Form 8949.They are difficult to support as bad debts instead of non-deductible\ngifts, however, when they are made to friends and family member. The IRS\nclosely scrutinizes bad debts between friends and family members to insure they\nare not disguised gifts. From http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc453.html :  For a bad debt,\nyou must show that there was an intention at the time of the transaction to\nmake a loan and not a gift. If you lend money to a relative or friend with the\nunderstanding that it may not be repaid, it is considered a gift and not a loan.\nThe IRS scrutinizes family and friend bad debts very closely. \n\nThe\ninstructions in IRS Publication 17 provide additional requirements for\nreporting a bad debt. They include: \nHow to report bad debts. Deduct\nnonbusiness bad debts as short-term capital losses on Form 8949.\n\nOn Form 8949,\nline 1, enter the name of the debtor and bad debt statement attached in\ncolumn (a). Enter your basis in the bad debt in column (f) and enter zero in\ncolumn (e). Use a separate line for each bad debt. \n\nAlso\n- For each bad debt, attach a\nstatement to your return that contains:\n\n\nA description of the debt, including the\n     amount, and the date it became due,\nThe name of the debtor, and any business\n     or family relationship between you and the debtor,\nThe efforts you made to collect the\n     debt, and\nWhy you decided the debt was worthless.\n     For example, you could show that the borrower has declared bankruptcy, or\n     that legal action to collect would probably not result in payment of any\n     part of the debt.\n\n\n asks for this information.\n\nTurboTax\ncould make entering a bad debt easier but, for the desktop version, the\nsequence would be as listed below. (I assume its similar for the on-line\nversion but I dont use it.)\n\nTo\ndeduct a bad debt, go to the wages and income tab, then choose Ill\nchoose what I want to work on (the deduction is under the\nincome category as it is part of capital gains or losses)\n\n\nFrom the\n     next page under the Investment Income heading select Stocks, Mutual Funds,\n     Bonds, Other\nIn response\n     to Did you Sell Any Investments in 2013 select yes.\nOn the\n     next page, under Let Us Enter Your Investment Sale Info, check Ill\n     type it in myself.\nOn the\n     next page for Select Your Financial Institution select\n     No Financial Institution\nOn the next\n     page, for the first item, check Add More Details  for the first free item, \nOn the\n     next page select Uncollectible Debt\nThe next\n     page will show the data you need to enter for the debt.\n\n\n 
Since your child has Medicaid, he is covered. 
You wont be able to see the first return.  With the Online version you can only prepare one return per UserID, if you use the same account (UserID) for another return, that one overwrites the first return.  You need to start another account to prepare additional returns with the Online version. 
TT selects the correct form (1040EZ, 1040A, or 1040) for you, based upon your data entry  Ask you guardian to check the work you have done so far.
The IRS goes by the last name that is on file with the Social Security office. 
Once the IRS sends the refund it is now up to your bank to acknowledge the deposit ... and due to the holiday weekend it is probably delayed ... contact your bank to see what is happening. 
If Social Security is your only income, there is no reason to file a return at all, except to recover any taxes withheld. 
TT Support is closed until Tuesday, but there really isnt much they can do.  You might call the IRS when they are open, and verify to which bank they sent the refund.The NetSpend Prepaid Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank, BofI Federal Bank, MetaBank, or Republic Bank & Trust Company. 
How old is she?Payments\nreceived before the recipient could retire under the\nprovisions of the plan or benefits from 401(k), 457, or\n403(b) plans attributable to employee contributions\nalone are not pension and retirement benefits under\nMichigan law, are taxable and are subject to withholding. In addition, pension and retirement benefits are taxed differently\ndepending on the age of the recipient. See p 14ff here:https://www.michigan.gov/documents/taxes/4884_Inst_443078_7.pdf 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer.
See if this helps: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2993955-need-to-amend-2014-return-and-cannot-open-the-desktop-soft... 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/
You have to start and pay for a 2015 TurboTax online edition of Plus before you can access prior year returns.  You do not have to complete or file the 2015 online return that was started.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Check with the Social Security Admin. They may have your name spelled differently in their records.
If you purchase the download from TurboTax you can download the installation file at any time for any reason as often as needed for up to three years from the date of purchase.  Sign onto your download account at this TurboTax website - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadSee this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-how-do-i-download-the-software-i-purchased-at-turbotax-com
They are correct.
\n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n\n 
Whenever you make a change in the Online program the change is permanent so all you can do it print the most current tax file. \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748 
Special Conditions are listed on page 7 here, but there is no code 07.https://www.revenue.wi.gov/forms/2015/Form1NPR_inst.pdf 
Answered here:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3363783-confirm-how-i-should-be-reporting-my-excess-contribution-f...
The only way to contact support is to start at this link.  You only get a phone number when the office is open https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
the message errors fixed is not a good sign. your file may be damaged or truncated.If so, it will not be usable.You might try once more to copy the file from backup to HD. 
the necessary info is any box that has an amount, or other non-blank text.Just copy all the fields into the TurboTAX screen. 
You certainly can leave the EIN blank.  Thats because absolutely no detail off any 1099-MISC is sent to the IRS in your income tax return.  All the IRS sees is a lump-sum of income somewhere in your income tax return, (e.g., Schedule C, line 21 of Form 1040, etc.), and that number can be comprised on dollars reported to you on a 1099-MISC, not reported to you on a 1099-MISC, or some combination.Tom Young 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Delete 
If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdf 
Hi I live in CA full time.I take that statement to mean thats where home is for you.  Residency has more to do than where you happen to go to bed at night.  Were it otherwise traveling salesman could be filling out dozens of state income tax return.So your state of residency has a lot to do with your mental concept of where you live.  The specific evidence of this might include where youre registered to vote, where you own a house thats home to you, the drivers license in your pocket, what Elks lodge you belong to, etc.  If your state of residence really was California the entire year, if Louisiana was a more or less temporary work place for a while and you always knew that youd return home to California when that specific job was done, then you really are a California resident and were for the entire year.Typically how this is handled from a state income tax standpoint is that you first fill out a non-resident income tax return in Louisiana, declaring all Louisiana-based income which in your case most likely would be your compensation or self-employment income directly sourced from your activities while living there.  Youd then fill out your California resident income tax return declaring ALL your income, even the Louisiana-sourced income.  However, on your California income tax return youd then take a tax credit for the taxes paid to Louisiana, more or less eliminating the double income issue.Tom Young 
Per Publication 17:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Insurance Reimbursement\n                  \n               \n               \n            You must reduce your total medical expenses for the year by all reimbursements for medical expenses that you receive from\n               insurance or other sources during the year. This includes payments from Medicare. \n            \n            Even if a policy provides reimbursement for only certain specific medical expenses, you must use amounts you receive from\n               that policy to reduce your total medical expenses, including those it doesnt reimburse. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dont enter the 1099-MISC as a form of income.Tom Young
Did you mail in your tax return or did you efile?  Check here to make sure your return was accepted. That January date was before IRS was accepting information. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then check the IRS site to see if your return is in process https://www.irs.gov/refundsYou should file a change of address with your local postal service but there is a form for changing your address with the IRS. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8822.pdfWhen you get to the states again contact the IRS advocate service https://www.irs.gov/advocate 
Did you go far enough into the interview questions?  I just tried it on my program and works fine, but is a bit different than most stock entriesGo to Federal Taxes -> Wages and Income -> Investments -> Stocks, Mutual Funds, etcAnswer Yes to did you have sales, but then answer No to did you receive a 1099B.  This should bring you to a screen asking what type of investment you sold, choose stock.  Enter the stock sale information on first screen and then the purchase information on the next (i.e number of shares, date bought / sold etc).  After you get through the nitty gritty of the sale and purchase information, there should be a screen that directly asks Was this a sale of qualified small business stock?  Answer Yes and proceed through the questions to confirm it truly does qualify for 1244.  Assuming it does, it will then put the loss on line 14 as an ordinary income loss.Hope this helps. 
Not much anyone can do until Tuesday...since they are closed this weekend and Monday.But they should be able to help you then..note that the times they are open are PACIFIC time.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative and get that fixed.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You are supposed to enter your W-2 income in the Personal Taxes tab, Wages and Income (not the Business tab). 
Open your tax return.  In the search field just type k-1 and then choose to jump to that section of the interview. TT will walk you through entering the data.To enter taxes paid:\n\nFederal Taxes tab (Personal in the Home & Business version)\nDeductions and Credits\n\nIll Choose What I Work On or Continue (whichever shows up)\nscroll to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\nthen, Paid with Extension\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3169441-can-turbotax-figure-my-estimated-taxes-for-2016 
After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees? 
Child Tax CreditThere are actually two credits (or two parts to the Child Tax Credit) to consider. The Child Tax Credit, available only for a child 16 or under at the end of the tax year, is a non-refundable credit that can be used only to offset tax. You get only enough child tax credit to reduce your tax to zero, up to a maximum of $1,000 per child. If your other deductions and credits have reduced your tax to zero when the child tax credit is calculated, you do not get any child tax credit. However, if you don't get the full Child Tax Credit, and you have at least $3,000 in earned income, you may qualify for the Additional Child Tax Credit which is a refundable credit. Turbotax automatically determines whether you qualify for the ACTC and calculates the amount for you.
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
This is a user discussion forum; TT Support is closed until Tuesday.A math error can occur when something is entered wrong in the return, or omitted from it. Look at the OR letter carefully, what exactly did they change?  And which tax year? 
A 2014 return can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed using TurboTax.If you completed the 2014 return using the TurboTax online and paid for either Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business, then you can download the PDF of the return and mail it to the IRS.  See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOr if you did not complete the return using the 2014 online editions and need to complete and file the return then see this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a .tax file on your computer. 
TurboTax does not support Form 5471 Information Return of U.S. Persons With Respect To Certain Foreign Corporations. 
Use this TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp 
Is it possible that you are logging in with a different User ID and therefore, you are not finding your return?To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you could end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery 
Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download 
You left your message at approx 10:30 pm Eastern time on Saturday, May 28, 2016. Per the IRS Wheres My Refund:This service will be unavailable from approximately 6 p.m. Eastern time on Saturday, May 28, 2016, until approximately 7 a.m. Eastern time on Tuesday, May 31, 2016, due to planned maintenance.https://www.irs.gov/refundsThat may be why they found no record. 
You will need to reach out to our support team:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041They can work with you to determine what is happening.
I agree. Dont even go there.And be aware that you are required to claim all of your business expenses. 
First review your return ... if you entered the IRA contribution in the program and it wasnt deductible then a form 8606 would have been completed.If you didnt enter the timely made IRA contribution then you can amend your filed tax return to add that deduction or if you havent filed you can make the correction now then file. First review your return ... if you entered the IRA contribution in the program and it wasnt deductible then a form 8606 would have been completed.If you didnt enter the timely made IRA contribution then you can amend your filed tax return to add that deduction or if you havent filed you can make the correction now then file. To learn more about amending your tax return, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-returnClick the tax year you need to amend for specific instructions.        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012 
That will do you no good. There is no tax advantage to selling a 2nd home. Only the sale of your primary home qualifies for a tax exclusion.The gain on the sale of a 2nd home is taxable, but a loss is not deductible and the depreciation taken while a rental  still must be recaptured (taxed). Its complicated, but TurboTax can handle it. Even so, you may want to consider professional tax help
If you need Form 2555 (or 2555-EZ), and Form 1040, which are not available in the regular Free Edition, you would need to upgrade to Deluxe.  However, you may be able to use the other free product--the FREEDOM Edition--if you meet the income qualification or one of the other qualifications.TurboTax has two free products.   The other free product FREEDOM Edition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition) can prepare a Form 1040, Form 2555/2555-EZ, and other forms that the regular Free Edition cannot.  It is free for both Federal AND State.  There is no efiling fee.For Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\nAGI of $31,000 or less\n\nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\n\nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:https://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedomHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition (may require new account at the Freedom website)https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 
TurboTax Support is closed for the holiday weekend, but will reopen on Tuesday.  Ill tell you how to phone them below.In the meantime, if you want to ask your question in this forum, then use the link below.  In the first box summarize your question title.  Lower on the page is a box to provide details.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/newTo be assigned a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.   They will not be open on Monday due to the holiday.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You can also try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
Once your 2015 tax return is prepared, please visit:1.     Federal Taxes Tab 2.     Other Tax Situations tab3.     Other Tax Forms, select Form W-4 and Estimated TaxesAt this point, Turbo Tax will ask a series of questions. The first question is in regards to form W4 withholdings. If form W-4 is no longer applicable, select No and continue. Turbo Tax originally calculates estimated taxes based on your 2015 information.  Since your 2016 information is different, please make sure that you make adjustments to your income and deductions so that Turbo Tax can recalculate your estimated payments for 2016.  Otherwise, the estimates will not be accurate and you will under or overpay. To do so, please answer Yes to Do you want to adjust your income and deductions? and continue through the questions. Once you are done, you will be able to print the estimated vouchers. 
Yes, file the extension and wait.
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
After you complete your tax return and pay the taxes owed, the IRS will send you a bill in the mail for any penalties and/or interest you owe. 
The IRS will only correspond with a taxpayer through the US mail.See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
I do know the one bundle gets you one tax return which can be a jointly filed return.  It will only handle one business at this time so if you both have a business only one may use the SE program.  Or you can use one of the other Quickbooks programs. 
You may have to get a friend or relative in the US to send you a CD/DVD of the software, and then file it that way.  Or, perhaps a US friend or family member will permit you to use their credit card to pay the TT online fees. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf it was, then check your state tax authority website for the status. 
Inventory or goods manufactured for sale is valued at cost, not retail value.If you sell something for $1 but after shop credit only charge $0.90, then you report $0.90 as income, as that was your actual sales price. 
You need to file for an extension before your return is delinquent.  If you had an automatic 60 days extension for being overseas, you need to request an additional extension on or before June 15, 2016 [corrected date]. See comments below.
Didnt you get a 1098 for that year?  What did you enter in your tax return? See lines 10-11 of Schedule A.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f1040sa--2013.pdf
As Critter indicated above, only the interest portion is deductible.  Since you are trying to recreate a Schedule C that someone else prepared, please do so very carefully.  Your other option is to do the rest of your return manually, and mail it with the already prepared Schedule C (and presumably Schedule SE). 
Was it a letter re Form 8962?  Other users have reported several weeks after sending the required info to the IRS. 
You are posting on a user discussion forum, but your point is well taken; as are difficulties foreign users have contacting TT Support by telephone, since not everyone has easy access to Skype.You may have to get a friend or relative in the US to send you a CD/DVD of the software, and then file it that way.  Or, perhaps a US friend or family member will permit you to use their credit card to pay the TT online fees. 
We got a response from TurboTax. The response is that TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement. 
Any additional taxes you paid the nonresident state in 2016 (even if for 2015 taxes) cannot be claimed on your resident state 2015 amended return. You will claim them on your resident state 2016 return filed in early 2017. 
After signing in to online return, select Tools from the My Account drop-down list in the upper right corner.In the pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My Fees) to get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges. However, I dont think it includes the states sales tax. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect 2014 as the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
Stop the madness ... if entering a zero for the 2014 AGI & leaving the 2014 PIN blank will not work then concede defeat and mail in the return.
Please call TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday. 
You can pay Federal here:https://www.irs.gov/payments 
It is not taxable and would not be reported as income.I dont know why that needs to be reported as incomeIt doesnt - has someone told you it does, or issued a Form 1099? 
You can no longer do that using TT online. Call TT Support when they reopen on Tuesday to see about getting the 2012, 2013, and 2104 desktop MAC software.  Be sure to tell them you already paid for TT online those years. 
Try a different internet browser.  Also close all other unnecessary programs and files.
You must do the S Corp return first. This requires TT Business (not Home and Business);https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/Once the K1 has been issued, to enter it in the Home & Business version, go toPersonalPersonal IncomeChoose  Ill choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Business Investment and Estate/Trust IncomeSchedule K-1 - Click the Start or Update buttonBe sure to pick the right kind of K-1. There are 3 kinds, 1041, 1065 & 1120S https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/s-corporations 
IRS Direct Pay is only down until Tuesday morning (May 31), so I would wait and pay then.https://www.irs.gov/payments/direct-pay 
Sign onto your online account using\nthis TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\n\n\n 
While in your 2013 return,Go to the Personal taxes tab (or Federal, if you used something other than TT H&B that year), Deductions and Credits; Charitable.  Or did you import from ItsDeductible? 
MO wants you to mail them copies of the first two pages of your Federal return (form 1040), Federal Schedule A, and Missouri Schedule A. 
Yes, the $8750 can be used to claim an education credit, assuming you otherwise qualify (normal college courses do).If the education is work related* (e.g. a manager taking business courses) you may be able to also claim a job expense. For example, it only takes $4000 of expenses to claim the American opportunity Credit (the most generous credit). That would leave $4750 that could be claimed as job expenses.*The\ngeneral rule is: Educational expenses to improve your current job skills are\ndeductible. But learning a new job is not. 
All you can do is call MN and ask.http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/individ_income/Documents/IIT%20process%20at%20DOR.pdf 
Did you work for a state or local Government? 
No, only you have access to your own return.  You can email it if you like however it is not a secure way to send a tax return.         Its a good idea to  always save a PDF & the .taxfile of your return each year\nright AFTER it has been accepted by the feds & state.  Then you\nwill always have access to your returns in the future. \n\nOnline program:  \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nDownloaded/CD program:\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-tax-return-prepared-with-the-turbotax-cd-download-software\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Sorry, but there is no deduction for income that you didnt receive.  You just report the amount that you did receive. 
Did you use the formal Invite-a-Friend promotion to send your friend a\n special link, and did the friend complete a 2015 online return using \nthe special link they were emailed?If so, you should receive your email with the Amazon e-certificate approx. 45 days after the friend filed.The TurboTax Invite-a-Friend program:http://share.turbotax.intuit.com/turbotax/Terms and conditions:http://share.turbotax.intuit.com/turbotax/iaftoc.htmlIf its been 45 days, and you have not received your Amazon gift card, please see the information and contact link that a TurboTax Moderator provided another user in the similar thread below:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3361556-i-believed-i-should-be-receiving-a-10-gift-card-for-amazon... 
Go to the Business tab to enter your business income and expenses. 
Have you actually looked at the PA tax return that was filed, and verified that?  Or is PA saying they cannot document the PA taxes withheld that you claimed?  This may be because the issuer did not send PA a copy of that W-2 or 1099 form.Open your Federal return, and check your W-2 and 1099 data entry. 
Once the IRS actually issues your refund and it bounces back, they will mail you a check. Plan on two weeks from that point. 
Sadly that is correct.  It is one of the unfortunate consequences to having the credit based on the total annual income and not a monthly calculation. 
See if this FAQ has info in it that you can use:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
If you efiled twice, the second efile will be rejected. 
You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.
Virginia has been asking for a number of people to prove they paid taxes to another state.TTX transmits that information you provided, but Virginia can still ask for proof of the other states withholding, and can ask for an actual copy of that other states tax returns fi they are uncomfortable with the claims you made for taxes paid to another state....it happens...So...you need to print out a copy of your tax returns, the tax return for the other state is critical.  Then you need yoru actual copies of any W-2 forms, or 1099 forms which show withholding for VA or the Other state, plus any proof of any payments you made to that other state....and mail them in to whatever address they provided in their letter.Note that these W-2 and 1099 forms are not what you entered into the software....they want the actual paper forms that those providers sent to you.________________________You print out your forms simply by logging into the Exact Same account that you filed from.......if you dont see your tax returns in your current login...then you have logged into the Wrong account..Put your email address into this tool, and TTX will send you a list of all accounts that used that email address...then go find the right one:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/good luck 
Just Click on (My Account) and select (Save & Sign Out), TurboTax will save your Tax Return and that exits or logs you out. 
You do not need to upgrade to download a PDF of your 2015 return completed using the online editions.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
I assume that when you say sole proprietor LLC you mean a single-member LLC, with you as the only member (owner). I also assume that you have not filed an election with the IRS (Form 2553 or 8832) to have the LLC treated as a corporation for income tax purposes. If those assumptions are correct, then the LLC is disregarded for income tax purposes. Its called a disregarded entity. That means its the same as if you were self-employed, or in business for yourself, without an LLC. The LLC does not file a separate tax return. You report the income and expenses of the LLC as business income and expenses on your personal tax return. The business income and expenses will be shown on a Schedule C included in your personal Form 1040 tax return. You will (most likely) have to upgrade to TurboTax Home & Business to enter your business information.By the way, TurboTax is not a tax preparation service. They do not prepare your tax return for you. Its a tax preparation tool that guides you through preparing and filing your tax return yourself. 
Box 9a, percent of total distribution, is generally used when a 1099-R distribution is split between more \n than one person. This is unusual, and if it was empty on the form you received, you can leave it blank in TurboTax.Option 1. You should leave box 9a blank in TurboTax if that section is blank/missing on your 1099-R. Click in the box and hit the backspace/delete buttons several times (or hold them down) to make sure the box is really empty. Option 2. If you are unable to leave the space empty \n (if you receive an error message), then you will need to delete and \n manually re-enter the form. Here are the steps to do that: \nWhile logged into your tax return, use the search box to search for 1099-r (without the quotation marks)\nClick on Jump to 1099-R if it appears.\nIf you have already entered a 1099-R you will come to a summary \n screen. Click delete next to the 1099-R you wish to delete. Confirm \n that yes, you want to delete.\n\nYou will be taken back to the 1099-R summary screen. Select Add a 1099-R and then Ill type it in myself\nEnter the information and leave box 9a blank when you get to that part. \nOption 3. If none of the above works and the program still isnt accepting a blank, go ahead and enter 100 here, (if the 1099-R was not distributed among others also- since you received 100% of the distribution). This work-around should resolve the problem. 
If it is applying your last year's refund to this year and you need to remove it  Go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page scroll down to 2014 Refund Applied to 2015Click Start or Update and then delete the amount 
You can use the program to complete the return however you will need to mail in the return since your spouse doesnt have a SS or ITIN.   To get thru the program use 999-99-9999 for the SS# then white it out and write NRA on the paper return before you mail it. 
The state is included in the 2014 H & B program so install and update the program then choose your state program when you get to the state tab. .https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302070 
As a shareholder you should be tracking your basis in your investment, unless the accountant is doing this for you and that is what was referred to as the basis limitation worksheet.If that is the case, I am assuming that this individual is saying you are not at-risk for all the losses that are being passed through to you.  If you are not at-risk, you need to respond to the question in the interview screens that asks this specific question.  By answering this question, TT should then ask additional questions that will complete form 6198. This form will track any losses that should be suspended due to the basis limitation.
If you didnt itemize deductions then nothing on the federal return will change so amending it is not needed. 
Yep, box 32b did it.  If you have money not at risk you can not take a loss on schedule C. If you don't know what it means then probably All your Investment is at Risk (check Box 32a). It means you are using your own money for the business.  To change the At Risk box 32 on Schedule CGo to Business tab-ContinueChoose Jump to Full List -or I'll choose what I work on ThenBusiness Income and Expenses- Click the Start or Update buttonYou should see the Business Summary page that lists your businessesThen click EDIT by the business name and the next screen should be a list of  topics, Business Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of Goods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.Scroll down to Final Details - Click Edit by Special SituationsMake sure the 6th box on the next screen is BLANK. It says...I have money invested in this business that I'm not at risk of losing.  And if you don't have any other boxes on that screen checked then click the last box for None of the above.Then hit Done on the Summary screen which will bring you back to the Topic listing and hit Continue at bottom.Then you will get a Business Summary screen listing your business - Click DoneThen you will see the Topic listing again but this time it should say Done with Business at the bottom.Am I At Risk?https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3126796-is-my-business-investment-at-riskCheck Box 32b Not at Risk, if you have amounts invested in this business for which you are not at risk, such as the following:---Non-recourse loans used to finance the business---Cash, property or borrowed amounts used in the business that are protected against loss by a guarantee, stop-loss agreement, or other similar arrangement (excluding casualty insurance and insurance against tort liability).---Amounts borrowed for use in the business from a person who has an interest in the business, other than as a creditor. 
More details are necessary so we can understand your issue..You wrote:  Now turbo tax says I have to pay again.Pay for what again?  The TurboTax product fees?   For which product--and is it the online (website) or desktop (CD/download) version?You wrote:  I paid for 2015 estate tax that was very expensive...Did you mean 2015 estate tax or  2015 estimated tax?   Are you working on a personal tax return, or did you purchase the desktop Business Edition to prepare an estate tax return?You wrote:  Now I have no access....What are you experiencing?  Are you using Online TurboTax and cant find your account or return?NOTE: If you are not using online TurboTax, the following will not apply to you.  I mention it here because I dont know what product you are using.  If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Gift taxes can affect the basis of gifts received.  However, since the lifetime exclusion is now over $5,000,000 Ill assume that gift taxes do not play a role in this case.As to the ESPP shares, you are correct; you need to recognize the compensation element in connection with your Qualifying Disposition.  For Gift Tax purposes the fair market value of $40 is the correct figure to use.  For your parents income tax purposes their holding period begins when you acquired the shares and their basis is the sum of your actual out of pocket costs + the compensation created by the disposition.  (The compensation is the lesser of the discount percentage applied to the grant date market value or the actual profit of selling price minus actual out of pocket cost.)  So, given the numbers youve used, they would recognize LTCG.As to the RSU shares for Gift Tax purposes the fair market value at the date of the gift - that same $40 I assume - is used.Since youve not mentioned your basis in these shares the basis used by your parents when they sell is, potentially, different than yours, though there holding period, as before, begins when you acquired the shares.If the FMV of the stock on the date of the gift exceeds your basis, then they use your basis.If the FMV of the stock on the date of the gift is less than your basis then their basis could be:The same as your if they sell for more than your basis.The FMV at the date of the gift if they sell for less than the FMV at the date of the gift.The same as their proceeds if they sell for less than your basis but more than the FMV at the date of the gift.Tom Young 
You only need to enter any amounts you paid with the extensions.  Then file your returns as normal.If your extension payment did not automatically show up on 1040 line 70 you need to enter it.  So make sure it's not already there before you enter it!You can type estimates paid in the search box at the top of your return and click Find and it will give you a link to Jump To the screen where you enter Extension Payments.To enter the amount you paid with an extension (including state extension)  go toFederal Taxes (or Personal for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonNext page second section Payments with ExtensionEither Visit All or Click Start or Update by the extension you paidPay attention to which year you are entering for a State Extension payment.  A prior year state extension payment is also deductible on the federal return so be sure to enter it here.To get the amount paid on a state extension to show up on the state returnWhen you are done updating your federal return, you need to transfer the new federal information by going back through the state tab and the state return. Nothing will change until you transfer the fed info to the state again. 
No. IRS Pub. 503, on page 5 clearly states that foreign income is not considered to be earned income for purposes of the child and dependent care credit.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p503.pdf 
No I dont think so!! 
\n\nThat is a choice the executor makes ...but it is easiest to keep it on a calendar year to keep in line with the tax reporting forms. The estates tax year begins on the date on which the deceased person died. You, as executor, can file the estates first income tax return (which may well be its last) at any time up to 12 months after the death. The tax period must end on the last day of a month. If you file in any month except December, the estate has whats called a fiscal tax year instead of a calendar tax year.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1041.pdf 
If you are not a US citizen or Resident, you can not use TurboTax.  TurboTax is not able to prepare Nonresident tax returns.  Sorry. 
Ok ... what you do using the CD version will not ever show in the Online version ... the information doesnt flow in that direction. Since you are using the CD version to file the return you can either ignore the Online account or you can clear the entries if you want.  \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-online\n\n\n\nAs for the 2014 tax file ... if you had used the CD version then only you have that tax information as TT doesnt keep it. You may also have multiple accounts ...Sign onto your online account using this\nTurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Yes they apply to you and no you cannot remove them.  In fact the IRS may send an additional bill for interest & penalties based on when you filed and paid the balance due. 
Absolutely....thats the best way to do it.  Due to other income I had that didnt have any NC taxes withheld, I did that for my W-2 job and it got me close to break-even on my NC tax return.  AND, its easier to take small amounts out of every paycheck, instead of having to remember to pay larger amount with Quarterly-Estimated tax payments to NC.Go ahead and file a new NC-4EZ with that extra amount added in on line 2.   Keep an eye on the total withheld once it is implemented, just in case the employer didnt really apply that zero allowances on your initial NC-4EZ.  You can always readjust a couple months later 
If you prepared the returns yourself and did not save a copy of your original return to your computer before amending, you will not be able to print that original return. The amended return replaces the original.Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)If you used TT desktop, look for a. tax file on your computer. 
Just delete that value and leave the box empty. The developers were informed about this problem, so I guess it will be fixed for next year the latest. 
The CD has both the Windows and Mac programs on it.  The download is only for one.  Since you bought the download you can call in (tomorrow) and ask if they can switch you to the Windows program and/or send you the CD.Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
To report foreign earned income you will have to upgrade to the TurboTax Deluxe edition or higher.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeAnd this Support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-for 
If you efiled them, have you verified that they were accepted using this link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf they were accepted, you can check the status on the IRS and state tax web sites.https://www.irs.gov/refundshttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html 
Without knowing the details, my opinion is yes, he needs to file a tax return but no, there will not be any Federal taxes due.Assuming that he has no other income, the $1500 of Itemized Deductions will result in $0 of taxable income, which means no Federal Tax will be due.  State taxes vary, but in most (maybe all) cases there will also be no State taxes. 
You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, selectTurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account withthe exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continuebutton.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
See this TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees 
Who shows you should have gotten it?  TT refund dates are just estimates, so check the IRS website.Once the IRS actually issues your refund and it bounces back, they will mail you a check within about 2 weeks. 
See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2966989-updates-and-state-won-t-download-my-computer-locks-up 
An EIN (issued by the IRS) has numbers only, not letters. Are you trying to enter some state or business license number by mistake? 
What did they ask you for?  Paper copies of your W-2 forms? They may not have received a copy from your employer(s), and need to verify the amounts you submitted electronically.Call the IRS is you need further info on what exactly they want. 
Roth conversion income is ordinary income, not capital gains income. Capital losses can offset Roth conversion income only up to $3,000 a year.  Also, the following article is a few years old, but may be helpful:http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/passive-losses-offset-roth-conversion.aspx 
Unfortunately, because its a personal (second) home, the loss isnt deductible.\n\nFrom Turbotaxs FAQ on how to report\nthe sale of a second home, vacation home, inherited home or land:\n\nWhere do I\nenter the sale of a second home, an inherited home, or land?\n\nThese are entered in the investment\nsection of TurboTax. Follow these instructions:\n\n\n\nIn TurboTax, search for this exact\n     phrase:   sold second home [even if\n     it was just land].\nIn the search results, click Jump to sold\n     second home, which should be at the top of your search results.\nAnswer Yes on the Did You\n     Sell Any Investments? screen. \nIf you get the Summary of All Accounts\n      screen instead, click Add Another Account.Follow the on-screen instructions to\n     completion.\n\n 
There is no place for that on the VA return. Line 10 of form 760 is for itemized deductions, which includes any charitable contributions you entered in the federal section.Voluntary contributions, from your refund, are entered on schedule (form) VAC (http://www.tax.virginia.gov/sites/tax.virginia.gov/files/taxforms/income-tax/2015/schedule-vac-2015....), not the main form 760. What you enter on Schedule VAC goes to line 33 of form 760. 
To file an FBAR you must go to the US Treasurys  BSA E-Filing System website and complete the online FinCEN Report 114.See this IRS website for information on FBAR reporting - https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/report-of-foreign-bank-and-financial-a... 
Sign onto your online account using this TurboTax website - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You can also contact the Treasury Departments Bureau\nof Fiscal Services Treasury Offset Program call center at 800-304-3107 or TDD\n866-297-0517, Monday through Friday 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. CST.  They handle offsets for the IRS. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Yes, she can open her  own TT Account, but cannot import from Vanguard in TT Free, so shell need to upgrade. 
Unfortunately, your time has expired.You would have needed to amend your 2008 return by April 15th, 2014 to use your 2010 NOL.You would have needed to amend your 2009 return by April 15th, 2015 to use your 2011 NOL.If you paid $4000 and $20,000 in taxes paid in 2008 and 2009, it seems like your total income for 2008 and 2009 are over $32,000 (the total of your NOLs), so none of it would roll into your 2012 tax return.  Sorry.
See this TurboTax support FAQ for printing an extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th... 
For taxes, profit is the amount realized minus adjusted basis.The amount realized is often referred to as the sales price but really is sales price minus costs of sale (such as a real estate commission.)Adjusted basis is original basis minus adjustments such as (in the case of rental property) depreciation.  Original basis depends on how you acquired the property.\nIf acquired by purchase, basis is the original cost and includes purchase expenses such as title transfer and appraisal fees.\nIf acquired by inheritance, basis is the fair market value on the date of death of the decedent.\nIf acquired by gift, basis is the donors basis (in other words, what the donor paid for it carries over to you.\nThe reference to sale price is $250,000 or less only refers to whether the closing agent is required to give you a Form 1099-S and send a copy to the IRS.  Note the amount is under the part about To avoid getting this form . . . .  If you owned the property for two of the prior five years up to $250,000 of profit ($500,000 if married filing jointly) is excluded from income.  If the sale price is $250,000 or less then the profit cant be more than $250,000 if the residence requirement is met.The portion about 1993 and 1996 refers to back when the statute read differently, and gain could be deferred by purchasing a residence of greater cost that the sales price of the old one (e.g., reinvesting the proceeds.)
I believe you have to setup quarterly filings with the irs but you can file estimated tax easily enough. Write offs all business related expenses go thru the detailed questions on this site it asks you everything.....good luck!!! 
Since you chose the option to pay the TurboTax fees out of your Federal \nrefund, that is handled by an intermediary company called SBTPG (Santa \nBarbara Tax Products Group).   SBTPG receives your funds from the IRS at\n one of their two banks, subtracts the fees, then sends the rest on to \nyour bank.  SBTPG uses one of 2 banks--Civista Banking of Sandusky, OH, \nor Green Dot Bank.   Occasionally processing will be delayed at\n SBTPG, sometimes requiring additional documentation due to fraud-preventive measures, etc.In addition, if the direct deposit from SBTPG to your bank (or card) fails for any \nreason, it bounces back to SBTPG, who will issue you a check by mail.\nYou can log into your temporary account at SBTPG and check the status there to see if there is anything causing a delay and if you need to provide them any additional documentation.\nUse the Taxpayer portal to log in at:\n\n  https://cisc.sbtpg.com\n  \n\nSBTPG also has a 24-hour automated phone line which will tell you \nyour status, and during the day they have live phone support.   Scroll down a little on the following page to where it says I prepared my return online.http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us/articles/215865528-Contact-Information 
If the assets were owned by the corporation, the C-corporation is selling the assets at Fair Market Value to the LLC/Partnership.  You enter it as a sale, and the corporation would recognize a gain or loss on that sale (actually, the loss may not be recognized due to related party rules).  The LLC/Partnership will start depreciation anew, just like any asset that it purchased.If the assets were already owned by the LLC, it might be different, but Im not sure.  That could even depend on State law, in which case you would want a local tax professional and/or business lawyer. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2957343-close-my-account
Please see this:http://www.ct.gov/drs/cwp/view.asp?a=1462&q=266294
You can use TurboTax to report Foreign Earned Income and the Exclusion of that income if you are eligible.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-for 
You do not report the transfer of funds from your overseas account to your US account on a federal tax return.  There is not an IRS reporting requirement for funds transfer from your personal foreign account to your US personal account. 
You cannot use the online\neditions to file a 2014 tax return.  The online editions are only for\ncompleting a 2015 return.\n\nTo complete and file a 2014\ntax return you have be using the TurboTax desktop edition for tax year 2014.\n A 2014 return cannot be e-filed but must be printed and mailed.  Go\nto this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions\n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp\n\nFree forms, schedules and\ninstructions are available for prior year returns at this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html
Just call the state and tell them that the notice is absurd and both you and the customer service agent can have a good laugh as  they take care of the issue.  Many states have sent these ridiculous letters ( CA is notorious)  and they all fix them usually with just a phone call.  If you want to mail back a response then that is another option. 
If you want to play around\nwith different figures and tax scenarios without affecting your original return\nyou can \n\nIn the TurboTax CD/Download software by creating a test\ncopy: \n\n1.  Open your return\nin TurboTax. \n\n2.  From the File\nmenu, choose Save As. \n\n3.  Give the copy a\nnew name to distinguish it from the original (for example, by adding\nTest or Example to the file name). \n\n4. Click  Save.\nYou are now safely working in the test copy and anything you do here will not\naffect the original. \n\n https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900642-how-to-make-a-test-copy-of-your-return\n\n \n\nOr use the WHAT IF tool: \n\n- Click Forms Icon (upper\nright of screen) or Ctrl 2 (forms view) \n\n- Click on the Open Form\nIcon \n\n- In the Type a form name. area\ntype What-If (with the dash), click on the name of the worksheet - click on\nOpen Form \n\n- You will see the\nworksheet on the right side of the screen; enter the information right into the\nform \n\n- To get back to interview\nmode - click on the Step-by-Step Icon (upper right of screen) or Ctrl 1\n\n\n\n\n\nSave the .tax2015 file from the Online version to use in the downloaded version ... https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300420 
Many states are experiencing delays this season ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4893870
Look at the filing instructions page and page 2 of the form 1040.You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4661322 
You didnt say if you used Online TurboTax or the desktop product (CD/download).  Ill assume it was Online.   If it was the desktop product, however, search for any files on your computer ending in *.tax2015.So you prepared 2 online returns?  Hopefully, you used 2 accounts (2 different User IDs), since you can only prepare 1 return per online account.  If you prepare a second return in the same account, it will overwrite the first.If you log in and cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, you may have another account without realizing it. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Maybe this?A resident estate or trust that does not have any tangible assets\nin New Jersey or any income from New Jersey sources,\nand does not have any trustees or executors in New Jersey, is not subject to New Jersey tax.If not, be sure to update your software.
When you get to the Print Center, do not click on print/view prior-year return.To get a prompt to pay you click on Print/save/view this years return.   (yes, you must choose this years, because you are paying for this years return to unlock the prior-year returns.)Before paying, make sure you are in the same account as the locked returns--that you at least see evidence of them in the prior-year Tax Timeline. 
This previous TT answer should help you:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2875813-how-do-i-report-section-988-forex-trading-losses
Yes, you can make any corrections you need to before printing a new copy to sign and mail back in.  If your mailed return was returned by the IRS for lack of a signature, it is not considered to have been filed.   So you can edit it.Heres how to open your return back up to make changes.  Do not Amend it, since it hasnt been filed.  You merely open it and edit it.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no orange Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can edit it, then go to the FILE section to print out a mailing copy.\nDont forget to sign it.\n\n 
What do you mean by you have to refile?   It sounds like you are logging into the wrong account.   You\n shouldnt file another original return right now.  You should do \nall the troubleshooting I have described on this page to locate the return.If you efiled the return in February, what do you see when you doublecheck with this tool to be sure it was successfully efiled and accepted?https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf that shows the efile was accepted (or if you mailed the return), then if you were due a Federal refund, what do you see at this IRS website tool to check your refund status.   NOTE:  The Wheres My Refund tool is down for maintenance until approx. 7 AM Eastern on Tuesday, May 31.http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html
If TurboTax says your state return is ready to mail even though you have actually already mailed it, thats normal, since TurboTax cant know if you actually did mail it off or not.So if you did actually mail the state return, and if you are due a state refund, you can check on the status by clicking on your state in the following FAQ, then following the instructions.  It will also tell you how to phone your states tax agency if there are any problems.FAQ:  How do I track my state refund?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300211 
Not sure how it will save you on financing, but you can adjust your W-4 to change the withholding. It doesnt matter what your tax due or refund is on your tax return, but what the tax liability is on 1040 line 44.  The Qualified Plug-in Electric Drive Motor Vehicle Credit is a non-refundable credit .It is subtracted from your tax before your withholding is subtracted so you will get back more of your withholding.  If you dont want to get back a large amount of your withholding, you can claim more deductions and have less taken out of your paychecks. 
It cannot be a like kind exchange.  A like kind exchange is business/investment property exchanged for business/investment property.  Neither a personal residence or non-operating farm meets that definition.If not is there a way to spread out the tax hit over time?\n\nOnly by selling on an installment note, but thats not possible if the buyer wants to pay cash.
Electronically filed tax returns do not have a signature.  If the lender insists to have a signed tax return, then make a copy of the tax returns and sign the copy on page 2 of Forms 1040 or 1040A where it says Sign Here 
I would suggest filing now and they will determine what the fee is for being late...Thats what I would do anyways. 
The amount of foreign tax that qualifies as a foreign tax credit is not necessarily the amount of tax withheld by the foreign country. If you are entitled to a reduced rate of foreign tax based on an income tax treaty between the United States and a foreign country, only that reduced tax qualifies for the credit. It is up to you whether you want to ask for a refund from the foreign country of the difference (excess) for which a foreign tax credit is not allowed. 
You both must have lived in and owned the home for at least two years in the five year period on the date of sale to get the $500,000 exclusion when married filing jointly.  If you sell the home before the two year period and only one of you lived in and owed the home for two years, then your exclusion will be $250,000.See IRS Publication 523 Selling Your Home - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p523.pdf 
First ... you should have waited for the original refund before amending the return since one of the questions in the amendment process was Did you receive your original refund?  and if you said you didnt you were instructed to wait until you did.  Sooo... if you answered that you got the entire refund ( which is what just happened and you get to keep and cash that check ) then that amount was already taken into consideration on the form 1040X.Look\nat the form 1040X \n\n\n\nIf you\ncompleted it correctly you will see an entry on either line 16 OR 18:\n\nOn\nline 16 should be the amount you paid with your original return. \n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received.\n\nThen\nyou will see your extra refund on line 22 OR  the new balance due you need\nto pay on line 20.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You can get a confirmation here......click the link in the lower left corner of each box to get the full filing history before printing out:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp_____________________Getting a confirmation code is a different issue since DCNs are no longer issued by the IRS...and the school may be far-behind the times.....you might be able to get TTX to get you your MeF filing code by calling them.....(note that the operating hours are PACIFIC coast time).......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Because the hours they operate are on PACIFIC Coast time...and its still ~1.6 hours until they open up and start providing telephone numbers at that time:.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
What you need to do is complete the Partnership return ( using the TT BUSINESS version)  if you have not yet done so.  This requires a separate tax program and cannot be completed in the Home & Business program.  As you have found out there is nowhere to enter that person in a personal tax return program.  Then the partnership return will produce a K-1 for each partner to enter on their own tax returns.  It will be entered in the Personal Income section of the H & B version that you have. https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Trustee to Trustee transfers do NOT count towards the once a year rule. 
When using the CD/download product, all versions have all the forms so they all can handle all situations. The higher the version, the more help you get in completing the return. With the online product, you need at least the Deluxe version to itemize deductions. If you had investment sales or rental income, you need Premier. If you had self employment income and more than $100 of expenses, you need Home & Business. You can see a comparison of versions at this web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/This is for the online product. You can see a similar comparison for the CD/download product at this web site: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numbe 
There are no federal income taxes on this money. You do not enter it on your tax return. 
Please see the link provided above to contact Customer Support if you want to deactivate your account.I see you have started another thread, so please continue there to avoid duplication. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365224-question-submitted-tuesday-may-31st-not-answeredI will close this older thread. 
When\nyou sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome\nHome screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.\n When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for\nSOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not\nactually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online\nreturn that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of\nthe online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click\non Print, save or preview this years return.Once you have saved the entire tax file then using the PDF reader you can choose what forms to print. You may not be able to only print page 2 of the form 1040 ... that form usually prints both pages automatically. 
Federal taxes owed were due to be paid on or before April 18, 2016.  Payment after that date will incur a late payment penalty and interest on the taxes owed.  The IRS will send you a bill in the mail for the penalties and interest owed after they receive your tax payment.Go to this IRS website for your payment options - https://www.irs.gov/payments 
Most likely it was nothing .... like someone else trying to reset and accidentally entering your email instead of theirs and they are now cussing about the reset function  that wont work. However ....Turbotax has a new feature that tracks the dates, times,\nand approximate locations your account was accessed.  You can log in and\ncheck this feature.  Make sure you log in by typing the address in your\nweb browser and check for the padlock icon that means you have a verified\nconnection.  Click Account Tools, then Security, then scroll down for\naccess history.\n\nBe aware that the date and time will be accurate, but the\nlocation may be less accurate, especially if you are using a cell phone.\nDetermining location from an internet address is notoriously prone to error.\n  But, any overseas access is definitely a problem.  If there are log\nins you dont recognize, you can call customer support, and also take steps\n(below) to secure your account better. \n\nTo secure your account, log in to your Turbotax\naccount by typing the address into your browser window, and make sure your\nbrowser shows a padlock icon or whatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure\nverified connection.  Change your password, and make sure it is not\nsomething you use on other web sites.  Change your security question to\nsomething that a crook could not guess from social media.  Make sure your\nemail address and cell phone number are up to date as Turbotax may use that to\nhelp verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou also have the option to turn on 2-factor\nauthentication for all log-ins.  With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax\nwill send a code to your email or cell phone when you try to log in. The idea\nis that only someone who knows your password and also has possession of your\nphone will be able to log in, this is more likely to be the real you.\n Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication whenever you log in from a\ncomputer that turbotax does not recognize, but you can turn it on for all\nlog-ins in your security settings.\n\n \n\n\n  Also see these two\nFAQs on the new email alerts being sent about possible suspicious situations\ninvolving your information:\n\n  \n\n  \n    https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\n  \n  \nand\n\n  \n    https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n  \n  \n\n\n\n\n\n\n
Use this TurboTax website to make your payment - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/Or use the toll free numbers shown in the notice you received from TurboTax to make payment arrangements.Or contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Entering the code from the 1099-R is a user entry error which is not one of the things covered by the Accuracy Guarantee.  I am sure you failed to enter the 1 and only entered the L.... there were 2 boxes to enter if you had 2 codes. Only the code 1 was important ... the code L was immaterial to the return.However if you wish to put in a claim you can ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050 
Yes you should wait ... then when you get the ITIN you need to enter that in the Personal Info section and complete the state return again so that is picks up the child. Since you have a refund coming to you an extension is not needed and it is too late to file one anyway. 
Starting back in\n2013,  TurboTax Advantage members (in addition to the CD you ordered)\nyou will also have access to the program as a download for 3 years for no extra\ncharge. This change happened since many computers no longer have disk drives or\nmany customers later lose the CD and required a download to be sent.\n\nTo access your Downloads\n\nhttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download&_requestid=4151\n\n \n\nIf you are not an Advantage\nmember .....\n\nThis FAQ explains how to handle a\nsituation where you bought a CD, but dont have a working  CD drive on your computer : \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2590568\n\n \n\nAnother quicker method than\ncalling for a download ....  is\nto use another computer to copy the *.exe installation file from the CD Rom to\na flash/thumb/usb drive, then insert that drive into the first computer and\ninstall from the flash/thumb/usb drive.
When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Call the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do\nNOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send\nyou to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Federal and state tax returns are e-filed separately in the File section of the TurboTax program.  If you did not continue in the File section after clicking on the Transmit Return button for the federal return, then the state return probably was not e-filed.You will need to contact TurboTax support so they can check on the status of the 2012 e-filed returns.  If not filed, they can also give you instructions on how to file the state return.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If your German spouse has an SSN there is no need to apply for an ITIN.  Just enter his SSN on the married filing separately return. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Please see this:http://www.taxplanningguide.ca/tax-planning-guide/section-2-individuals/us-real-estate-owned-canadia...
If you are a US citizen or green card holder and are a resident of a foreign country for the entire year, then you are exempt from the requirement to have US health care insurance.In the Health Insurance section of the program just indicate that you or None of us had it at any point.  On the following screen under the section Wasnt required to get insurance, click on Resident of foreign country or U.S. territory.   Continue with the health insurance section until it completes. 
\n\n\nAlthough you can amend the return to claim the child as dependents you may not get the EIC or CTC for them  any longer ... Starting with any return filed after 12/31/15 ... \n\nValid SSN required by due date of return. If you didnt have a social security number (SSN) by the due date of your 2015 return (including extensions), you cant claim the Earned Income Credit on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if you later get an SSN. Also, if a child didnt have an SSN by the due date of your return (including extensions), you cant count that child as a qualifying child in figuring the EIC on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if that child later gets an SSN.\n\nSame rule applies for the Child Tax Credit/Additional Child Tax Credit ...  Taxpayer identification number needed by due date of return. If you didnt have a social security number (an SSN) or ITIN by the due date of your 2015 return (including extensions), you cant claim the child tax credit or the additional child tax credit on either your original or an amended 2015 return, even if you later get an SSN (or ITIN). Also, neither credit is allowed on either your original or an amended 2015 return with respect to a child who didnt have an SSN, ATIN, or ITIN by the due date of your return (including extensions), even if that child later gets one of those numbers.\n\n 
See answer to similar previous Q you asked:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2941258-i-operate-an-online-business-and-i-ve-got-a-question-about...
If your return was\naccepted you need to amend it.  See this\nTurboTax site on how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543 
The maximum number of tax returns you can efile is 5.  More than that must be printed and mailed.  However, TT is not licensed for use by paid tax preparers.
I assume your husband had a solo business that you inherited when he passed, but it sounds like his family was operating it during at least part of 2015. Were they being paid to do this?Hopefully, you filed a 2015 Joint return with an Injured Spouse form. Depending upon the nature of the business and whether it will remain in operation, you may wish to see a local professional for assistance. 
duplicate post 
If you feel your return was correct, just print it and file on paper.  The IRS will pay any refund and, in about a year, inquire of you and whomever claimed you as a dependent to determine which return was correct. 
A home down payment is not deductible. 
If you used the CD/Desktop version of Turbotax, then the only copy is on the computer where you prepared the return. Turbotax does not have a copy online.If you used the Online version of Turbotax, See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a PDF of a return completed using the online editionshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineYou can get a free transcript of your return from the IRS:http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript You can get a complete copy from the IRS, but it costs money, see this link for how to get it:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
2014 cannot be done using the online program, and cannot be efiled. Go here to purchase and download the software:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/You will have to print the completed return and file it by mail. 
All you can do is ask the IRS.  However, there was a deadline to refile a rejected return, which it sounds like you just missed. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Use this TurboTax website to check your orders and payments - http://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You will still be able to file a Joint return for 2016, but may need to adjust the estimates for any change in your 2016 income.  If you work, you can change your W-4 withholding.  Please see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3323888-estimate-2016-taxes 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Only the cost of their supplies (yarn, etc.) is deductible.  You yourself can deduct any out of pocket expenses involved with this: telephone, mileage, etc.I would get one receipt from the hospital, and keep your own record of who contributed what and when.
Loss?You can deduct education and training as a work-related expenses if it is to maintain or improve your qualifications for your current job or career, but not if it is to qualify for a new career.  You must itemize to take advantage of work-related expense deductions and they are subject to the 2% rule.Or, you can deduct educational expenses using one of the education deductions or credits (tuition and fees deduction, Lifetime Learning credit, etc.)  The education does not have to be for a work-related purpose, but it does have to be given at an institution that is accredited to participate in Dept of Education student loan and grant programs (guaranteed student loans, Pell grants, etc.)  The type and amount of credit or deduction varies depending on whether you are just taking a course, or are actually enrolled in a program that will grant a degree.  Turbotax will ask these questions in the Education section on the Deductions and Credits page.However, many vocational or training certificate program will not qualify for either treatment, depending on your circumstances. 
If he had tax withheld from his SS payments, he will have to file a tax return to get the withholding refunded 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301832 
No they cannot be merged... since you didnt use the same account for both returns and you didnt save a PDF of the return last year for your records then you will have to contact TT support to get the 2014 unlocked....https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\n\n\n\n
See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb... 
If youre having repeated trouble e-filing your return, often the simplest solution is just to print the return and mail it in. 
How did you prepare\nthe 2014 return?\n\nIf you prepared the return in desktop software\n(CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved a copy of the PDF\nor the *.tax2014 data file.   If you used that version, then search\nyour computer for any file ending in *.tax2014 and/or the PDF file.  \nIf you didnt save one, Ill tell you how to order a tax return transcript at\nthe end of this post. \n\nIf you prepared the 2014 return online,\nhowever, then log into your account with the same User ID.  Go to your Tax\nTimeline for 2014.  Under Some\nthings you can do find\nand see if you can view/print the PDF.  Also see:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nIf you dont find any 2014 returns in your\naccount, you may have more than 1 account (user ID) and signed into the wrong\none.  To get a list of your\nUser IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below. \nIf you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum.  Then clear your browser\nInternet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I\ndont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by\nSSN and other parameters.\n\nIf you cant find your 2014 online return:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You must send a new original amended return with the updated values. No you cant put them together. Unless its a carryover which you indicate on the amended original filling haha is that confusing enough haha
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4806082 
You have to buy each tax year as the 2014 will only complete 2014  & 2013 only 2013.  Both tax returns must be mailed in separate envelopes so they are processed correctly.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
You can receive an exception to the 10% early distribution penalty if you are totally and permanently disabled. You are considered permanently and totally disabled if both of the following apply:You cannot engage in any substantial gainful activity because of a physical or mental condition.A doctor determines the condition has lasted or can be expected to last continuously for at least a year or can lead to death.If you already filed a return and were assessed the 10% early distribution penalty, you would have to amend your return to get the exclusion. Here is information on how to amend a return: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
Sign onto you online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account where you e-filed the extension.Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user ID
It will take approximately six weeks to process it and issue a refund.https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/taxpayers-receiving-identity-verification-letter-should-use-idverif... 
I assume you have no previous non-deductible contributions. The other 25K would then be from deductible contributions and earnings. These amounts have not been previously included in income, so that is why they are now taxable. The non-deductible 5K contribution would be from after tax dollars and therefore is excluded from taxable income. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3363587-fill-out-form-8962 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If you used the TurboTax 2014 online editions and paid for one of the Plus, Deluxe, Premier or Home and Business editions you have access to your prior year online returns until October 17, 2016 if you sign onto the online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the 2014 account.  If you used the TurboTax online Free edition for tax year 2014 or did not use TurboTax online for 2014 then you will need to start a 2015 online return and pay for the Plus editions which will give you access to all your prior year returns until October 16, 2017.You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
When you login to TurboTax go to the Personal Info tab, select your wife, verify the first screen that the information is correct, press continue. On the second page there is a check box Passed away before filing this return and that is likely checked. Uncheck and continue. 
This is a user to user support forum with no access to your account or your records. You will need to contact TurboTax customer support.You can contact TurboTax customer service/support. At this link:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
This is the Turbotax forum. Go here for Quicken:https://qlc.intuit.com/quicken 
TT Online does not provide direct access to forms.To enter your Injured Spouse claim on Form 8379\nSelect the Federal Taxes tab\nSelect the Other Tax Situations sub-tab\nScroll down to the bottom of the screen to Other Tax Forms then select Miscellaneous Tax Forms and press Start\nSelect Report an injured or innocent spouse claim and press Start\nBe sure you only answer the Injured Spouse questions and ignore any Innocent Spouse answers. Skip past the Your Request For Innocent Spouse Relief screen by scrolling to the bottom and pressing Continue \n 
First check the status of your return herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp If it was rejected or you didn't file you can send it again.  If you are getting a refund there is no interest or penalty for filing late. 
The Simplified Method for your home office deduction may need 15 or more days per month.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-drop/rp-13-13.pdf#page=9https://www.irs.gov/instructions/i1040sc/ch02.html#d0e1072Is that what you are referring to?Or are you a childcare provider that is asking about the number of hours that you use your home for childcare?
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2938602-how-to-pay-for-plus 
You cannot refile. When the IRS does issue your refund and the bank rejects, they will mail you a checkDoes the IRS site say accepted? (mot pending) 
To prepare the statement to waive the carryback period for a net operating loss, using TurboTax Home & Business, do the following after you have entered your business income and expenses to produce the net operating loss.\nClick the Personal tab.\nClick Deductions & Credits.\nClick Ill choose what I work on or Jump to a full list.\nOn the screen Your 2015 Deductions & Credits, scroll all the way down to the bottom and click the button that says Done with Deductions.\nThe next screen says Lets Check Your Deductions and Credits. Click Continue.\nYou may get some other screens at this point. Proceed through the interview until you get to the screen described in the next step.\n\nThe next screen says Lets Check Your NOL. It says that you may have a net operating loss, and asks Do you have an NOL for 2015? Select Yes and click Continue.\nThe next screen asks What would you like to do with your NOL? and gives you three choices. Select Carry the NOL forward to next year. Click Continue.\nThe next screen tells you that the NOL election form will be included in your return. Click Continue. TurboTax prepares the necessary statement and includes it in your return. You do not have to enter any information for the statement.\nNote that the statement to waive the carryback period must be included with a return that is filed on time. If you have an extension, you have until October 17, 2016 to make the choice for 2015. Since its already after April 18, if you have not yet filed your return and did not file an extension, you are now filing late and can no longer waive the carryback period. 
Please do not multi-post
This is the USA forum.
If you give a gift of more than $14,000 per year, you must report it on a gift tax return.  There is no tax owed until the total amount of lifetime gifts is more than $5 million, but the IRS uses the gift tax return to keep track against that lifetime total.Turbotax does not include the gift tax return, you can get it here, https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-709There are no extra requirements if the gift is to a foreign person. 
The letter from the IRS explains why they think you owe the money. If youre having trouble understanding it:1. ask the IRS for more info or2. Post the specifics of the notice here, and somebody can probably help you or3. Contact TT support. See https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/or To contact TurboTax support: 8 AM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri.https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times. 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your returns were e-filed and accepted.: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
duplicate post 
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Mailed returns can take several weeks to process. Did you get a USPS tracking number? 
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
No one here woulds have your password, so see this:.https://www.irs.gov/uac/newsroom/request-a-transcript-or-copy-of-a-prior-year-tax-return
Most likely the IRS changed some of your other income, which in turn made more of your Social Security taxable.Check the Ietter from the IRS carefully, and call them if you do not understand it. 
The upgrade to Plus is only relevant for returns filed using the TT free Online (web) software.Look for a .tax2014 file on your computer. 
When you originally filed your return,  you PROBABLY neglected to go back to your Federal return filing STATUS and checked the STATUS of your return --This is a VERY COMMON MISTAKE.Yes, you may know that your return was accepted --you may even have received your refund.  BUT, unless you let your computer (and the TTax program) communicate with the IRS server, the PROGRAM does not know the status.Hence it will not let you file an amended return or your state return, until the status is updated.(This might even have caused you a problem the next year when the program insists that you have not completed your previous years filing.)Launch TTax and OPEN your return                                 Go to:  File in the menu barSelect: Electronic Filing                              or    File by mail  if for other than current taxyearSelect: Check Electronic Filing Status       or    Print file  but do not actually mail itGo to:  File in the menu batSelect: SaveClose TTaxRe-Launch TTax and OPEN your returnTry completing/filing your amended or state return.(Dont forget to check back periodically to ensure that the PROGRAM gets updated when your amended or state return is accepted.) 
What to do for a missing 8962https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521
In the above discussion you were able to find your filed 2015 return.  Now that you have found the account with your 2015 return, is that the same account with the locked prior returns?If so, then heres how to upgrade the already-filed return to PLUS.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed.
Triplicate post 
Heres how to print a return to file by mail instead of efiling.  You can hand it to your lawyer, if thats what he/she needs.FAQ:  How do I file a paper (mailed) return in TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3401713 
You can pay for your TurboTax fees using this link: https://turbotaxpayments.com/This will allow you to pay your balance if your Federal Refund was denied, or adjusted and wasnt enough to cover the fees. You will need your order number and zip code in order to continue past the first screen. 
Yes but wait until the initial amended return is accepted...gotta give them time to process it...
If you have already amended your 1120-S and now you need to amend your personal tax return, this link should get you in the right direction:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4904787 
You appear to be using the TTax On-Line version.  Unfortunately the on-line version does not support a what-if scenario (that is only available with the desktop version).Once you make ANY changes to the online version the previous information is overwritten and is PERMANENTLY deleted.  You will have to manually re-enter/re-create your return.You might want to try to create NEW dummy accounts for your various scenarios and then simply abandon them when you are finished.Create New On-Line account:turbotax.com and look for the New to TurboTax? Start for Free BLUE button near the top center of the screen.How to Clear AND DeleteHow to clear an on-line return and start overhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900891-how-do-i-start-over-in-turbotax-online(Please note that the link may appear to be truncated, however it willwork (if you hover your mouse over the link you will see the full link.)How to delete tax return in TTax On-linehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online(Please note that the link may appear to be truncated, however it willwork (if you hover your mouse over the link you will see the full link.)Note: This will also clear/delete and data your have transferred from last year or downloaded from a Financial Institution.CAVEAT:While you can clear the information in a return in an account, you CANNOT delete an account. 
This is just a user to user forum and we cant help you with billing.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead.
You cant make that change.  When you first establish the account, whomever is listed first must continue to be listed first in future years.  Try going back, listing your husband first, and then entering his data first. 
Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html 
I dont believe you will get it back it may only reduce your taxable income by $200 bucks which really in my opinion its  worth the hassle. Just remember next year to claim it... 
Is that what it displays at the IRS Wheres My Refund website?  i.e.,when you use the tool at the IRS website below, it says your Federal return is still processing?http://www.irs.gov/RefundsIf so, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the reason for the delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you dont get good results from the IRS, you can consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service for assistance.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
I really cant understand what you are saying here since youve provided absolutely no detail behind your assertion that my employee stock options income has got double taxation.Im going to make some guesses here that you exercised stock options or RSUs vested or something similar, and you immediately sold the stock.  The calculated compensation from the exercise/vesting was included on your W-2 and, as such, ended up on line 7 of your Form 1040 as income to be taxed.Given the above, my next guess is that you didnt report the sale of the stock reasoning the gain has already been taxed because its part of my W-2 income.  I then assume that the IRS picked up on the missing stock trade and has sent you a tax bill for the full amount of the proceeds (if this was an RSU), or, maybe, the amount of the proceeds minus your out of pocket cost if this stock was acquired via an option.  Accordingly your stock option income would be double taxed if you simply paid what the IRS says you owe.If my string of guesses and assumptions is correct then the cure here is to report the sale of the stock on an amended income tax return using the proper basis which is the sum of your out of pocket cost, (if any), plus the compensation income created by the exercise or vesting.  That will eliminate the double taxation issue.If this is not your situation then youre going to have to add some detail.Tom Young
What do you mean cant be linked?  You cant get to the Georgia website?Here is the pdf of instructions, where to mail is on page 2https://dor.georgia.gov/sites/dor.georgia.gov/files/related_files/document/TSD_Form_IT-511_Instructions_2015_v5.pdfLets see if I can copy itForm 500 Tax Returns:  Refunds and No Balance Due: PROCESSING CENTER GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE PO BOX 740380 ATLANTA GA 30374-0380 Payments: PROCESSING CENTER GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE PO BOX 740399 ATLANTA GA 30374-0399 Hey, here is a screen shot of it,  will this help? 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Don't know why but redoing the form worked. Thanks. 
Please consult a local attorney. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Turbotax no longer has a professional review service.If you bought audit protection for 2014, that is something different.  You would have received an enrollment email or certificate with your member number and a contact phone number.  It may also be in the page(s) of Turbotax instructions that are included if you download or print all forms and worksheets from your account for the 2014 return.  If you cant find the enrollment info, you can try calling customer support.If your HSA information is incorrect, you can amend your return.  An amended return is a complete copy of your return with corrected info, plus a copy of form 1040X that acts as a cover sheet and summarizes the changes.  Amended returns cant be filed electronically, they have to be printed and mailed in.  Depending on what went wrong, you may owe no tax but will need to submit an amended return.There are two ways to submit the amended return and I dont know which is better.  One is, send the amended return to the standard address, and also send a letter to the address in the notice you receive, explaining your response.  Or, you can mail the amended return to the address in the notification.  (Just dont mail two full copies of the amended return to both address at the same time.)When preparing the amended return, you will need to pay attention to these areas:HSA contributions that were made by employer deduction (either an employer contribution or your own contribution made by payroll deduction) are recorded in box 12 with code W.  If you also made out of pocket contributions, they are entered separately.  It is important that you do not double-enter your payroll contributions, they are already in box 12 of your W-2.  The turbotax interview seems to have been redesigned and is now easier to use.  Start with the section for entering a 1099-SA on the income page.  Enter the amount of the distribution.  Then there is a checkbox for did you use the distribution only for medical expenses make sure this is checked yes.  Then there will be a question about whether you made extra contributions outside of payroll, and a question about any unusual contributions from your employer (this is a rare situation, you will probably say no.)To amend, start here,https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288565 
A payment voucher, Form 1040-V, would have been included in the file when printing your tax return.  It will also be included in the PDF of your return if you donwnload all forms and worksheets.  The payment voucher along with your check for the taxes owed are mailed to the IRS.  Or you can use one of the options for payments on the IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/paymentsIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
You can check here:https://www.irs.gov/refunds
You file a partnership return, and both of you file individual returns.  \n\nTo prepare a corporate, trust or\npartnership return you would need the TurboTax Business version. This is a\nseparate program from TurboTax Home and Business. TT Business is a program\nonly available for desktop use (there is no on-line version.)  See https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ to purchase a copy of that program.\n\nBusiness will prepare Forms 1120-S\nfor S-Corporations, Forms 1120 for C-Corporations, Forms 1041 for Estate or\nTrusts, and Forms 1065 for Partnerships. \n\nTo prepare a personal return, depending\non its complexity, you will need a version that prepares Forms 1040.  If you have a Schedule K-1 from either a Form\n1120-S, Form 1065 or Form 1041 you will need either the Premier version or (if\nyou also have an unincorporated business) the Home and Business version if you\nprepare your return on-line.  For desktop\nprograms, Deluxe can also handle a Schedule K-1.\n\n 
The DC tax return will be included in the PDF that you download from the 2015 Timeline.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
To report social security income, type SSA-1099 in the search box and click on Find then jump to. 
If you downloaded the 2014 windows amend-only program, and you open your 2014 tax file, the program should recognize that you previously used a state module, and allow you to install it.  If this is not working, youll need to call customer support.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5149044 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901539-how-do-i-preview-my-turbotax-online-return-before-filing
Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 
Check your refund status again on the IRS website at www.irs.gov.  If the IRS status indicates your refund was sent to your bank on a specific date (March 7?) and the bank still does not show the refund deposit, I suggest you verify the steps provided at the bottom of the IRS refund status page.  The IRS has a contact us option at the very end of the refund status page so you will need to following that link to determine the status of your refund.  Normally, if the IRS attempts to deposit a refund to a specific bank/account and the bank rejects the deposit for some reason, the bank will return the refund to the IRS and the IRS will mail the refund to the address on the tax return.  If the IRS has to mail your refund in this sequence, the process may take 8-12 weeks before your refund arrives in the mail.Good Luck. 
In the File section of the program you are given options on how you want to pay the TurboTax online account fees.  You should select to pay by credit card.  You are also given the option on how you want to file your return, select File by Mail.See this TurboTax support FAQ on filing by mail - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-onlineSee this TurboTax support FAQ on paying the TurboTax account fees - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees 
Our current hours of operation are 8:00 AM Pacific Time to 5:00 PM Pacific Time.  Follow these steps to be connected to TurboTax support:\nGo to:  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSelect your TurboTax platform (Windows or Mac).\nBriefly state your problem.\nClick Submit.\nOn the next page, choose the Call option and follow the instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nYoull then get a toll-free number to a TurboTax expert who is specially-trained to handle your particular issue. 
The form M1PR needs to be mailed in with your renters certificate. If you already filed your return, you can go to the following website for instructions & the form. http://www.revenue.state.mn.us/individuals/prop_tax_refund/Pages/Renters_Property_Tax_Refund.aspx 
California FTB ...in particular.....has had a major computer error in matching withheld taxes on filed tax returns to what they have in their own files....even if not for CA ....Collect copies of all your W-2 and 1099-R forms, or any tax forms that show state withholding...and send them in to whatever address is indicated on your notice  (make sure you keep copies for yourself).   CA claims they will fix it......if a different state, they just need proof of your withholding claims. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
Do you meet this?Work-Related EducationYou can deduct expenses you have for education, even if\nthe education may lead to a degree, if the education\nmeets at least one of the following two tests. (1) It maintains or improves skills required in your present\nwork. (2) It is required by your employer or the law to keep your\nsalary, status, or job, and the requirement serves a\nbusiness purpose of your employer. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdfAlso see:http://www.forbes.com/sites/mattsymonds/2014/04/11/the-mba-and-the-taxman-claim-or-not-claim/#7b854a... 
https://www.irs.gov/refunds
You can check here:https://www.kdor.ks.gov/apps/kcsc/increfundstatus.aspx 
See instructions for Line 64 here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf at pg 53 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Dan....you do understand that you just told the ENTIRE WORLD how to access that Bank account ? 
To enter payments made with an extension -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of extension payment you made and click the start or update button 
This is not an income tax question. Please contact the student loan folks. 
.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Try calling the IRS. You may have to just mail it in again. (Do not do an amended return.) 
Based on your other postings, you apparently also have investment income.  The easiest way to find out if you must file is to prepare Federal and State tax returns. Also see:http://fairmark.com/general-taxation/reference-room/2016-tax-figures-adjusted-for-inflation/ 
https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...Also notify your State tax authority. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ for the problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
http://support.sbtpg.com/hc/en-us
You can always print and file by mail. 
With a J-1, you were required to file a Non Resident return, which TT does not support. If you filed a regular return, that may be the reason for the delay. Please see this to contact the IRS:https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationallyDid you file a Maine return as well?, 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3147580-how-to-transfer-2014-returns-to-2015 
If you have already filed you will need to amend.  If you have not filed yet you can go back and add or change anything you want.The sooner you amend the better.  It you owe any tax on it filing soon will stop any interest from accruing on it. And after Oct you will not be able to access your online return to amend it.  Then it will be a problem to amend.  So amend at least before Oct.IF YOU HAVE FILED:You first need to wait until the IRS Accepts or Rejects your return.  If they reject it for some reason you can just fix it and resend it.  If it was Accepted,  you need to wait for your return to be fully processed and you get the first refund or your tax due payment has cleared.   Then you can mail in an amended return.  Do NOT change anything yet on your return until you start the amended return.   If you have changed it then take out the changes and put it back to the way it was when you originally filed.   How to Amend a 2015 Online return,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-online You will still get your original refund or need to pay the first tax due. Then the amended return will only be for the difference you get back or need to pay back.  The Amended return will take up to 16 weeks to process and they only mail checks for refunds.The amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 18 should be your original refund amount and line 21 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 16.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 20. When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. You might need to go back and answer that question.  I think it's one of the last questions in the amended section. 
You can always talk to someone at TurboTax:.......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
If it is reported on a 1099Misc (or you don't get any tax form for it) then you enter it as self employment income.If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed Fill out Schedule C here in the Home & Business version:The Business Tab - ContinueI'll choose what I work on Business Income and ExpensesThen.Profit or Loss from Business, click Start or UpdateYou use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is At Risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3%  Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.For the Online versions...........You might be able to use a lower version but not the Free Edition.  You should get a 1099Misc from the employer.  And you should have been paying in estimated taxes quarterly or you might end up owing a lot of taxes and a penalty. 
This is the US forum.  I think you are looking for the Canada forum:http://community.turbotaxonline.ca/ 
Simple answer $4000, if your income is less  than $65,000 ($130,000 if married\nfiling jointly).  $2000 if your income is between $65K and 80K (130K-160K MFJ). But, the great American tax system is anything but simple. Those numbers refer to an income adjustment (above the line deduction known as the Tuition and Fees Deduction (TFD); attach form 8917 to your return. You do not qualify for any of it if your income is more than $80,000 ($160,000 MFJ).But instead of the TFD, most people qualify for a tuition credit; the American Oppprtunity Tax Credit (AOTC) or Lifetime Learning Credit (LLC). For details on these credits, see the links at  your other question (https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364425-tuition-reimbursement-while-working-full-time)If your education is job related, your are allowed to deduct all your tuition. But this job expense deduction is only any itemized deduction and subject to the 2% of AGI limitation. 
and part time LYFT driverSorry, but LYFT income and expenses are business income, and only would be reported using the Home and Business version.  The free version does not have those schedules. 
Yes, that is legitimate.  You should also get a follow-up email from TurboTax explaining the situation.See this TurboTax support FAQ on how to proceed - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
You can use this calculator to calculate your MRD:  http://apps.finra.org/Calcs/1/RMDIf you received a total distribution (box 2b Total distribution marked) from a qualified retirement plan (the IRA/SEP/SIMPLE box not marked), the gross amount distributed included your MRD and its apparent that your MRD requirement has been satisfied.  If you did not roll over any of this distribution from a qualified retirement plan, when TurboTax asks, simply indicate that the entire amount was MRD and all of your MRD.  This will prevent TurboTax from preparing Form 5329 to calculate any 50% excess accumulation penalty.If you rolled over part of the distribution, youll need to make sure that you did not roll over any part of the MRD as determined by the MRD calculator.Forms 1099-R do not explicitly indicate that any part of the distribution was an MRD.  The IRS relies on the qualified retirement plan administrator to ensure that MRDs are satisfied.  For IRAs, the IRS looks at the previous years Forms 5498, the current years Forms 1099-R, and your birthdate indicated on your tax return  to determine if you have satisfied your IRA MRDs. 
It is a subtle distinction, but the provision is if you could be clamed as a dependent, whether or not you actually are claimed as a dependent on the parents return.  The TurboTax interview is specific about asking whether you could be claimed.  If you failed to answer it accurately, then the standard deduction would be incorrectly included in your return.See TurboTaxTerrys excellent detailed answer regarding this at:   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3109545
If you report one schedule C, you will be telling the IRS that one spouse works and the other does not (unless the other spouse also has a regular job or is already retired).  This could affect your eligibility for the child and dependent care credit (if you pay for day care), and may affect your ability to contribute to a retirement account or other tax situations (Im less sure of that, the rules are tricky.)  You will also be telling the social security administration that only one of you is working, so only one of you will earn social security credits (unless the other spouse has a separate job). This will affect the other spouses eligibility for retirement and disability pay. If this was not a close relative helping but a third person, you would be expected to either issue them a 1099-MISC for their income or make them a W-2 employee.  I think you can get away with one schedule C in the situation you describe where the spouse is an unpaid helper (rules for family are a bit more lax).  But do be aware of the implications I mentioned above.
I am not very sure that I am understanding your issue -- can youplease tell more ---(a) your tax home ( is it USA or are you abroad and have been so for at least 12 months), (b) your earnings are foreign earned income ?;  (c) your citizenship ( US citizen/resident/ national etc. )  I ask for these because the form 2555 is used only for qualifying/ excluding foreign earned income. If you are talking about foreign taxes paid ( on unexcluded income or on investment income ) , you use the form 1116 or you use the foreign tax as a deduction on Schedule-A ( itemized deduction). So we need to understand what you are trying to do and the characteristics of both the foreign tax and  and foreign income. Please provide. 
Hopefully you saved the return periodically so when you open the program again you will be able to return to the section you were working on or to the spot since the last save was done.  If you havent ever saved the tax return then you will need to start all over again. Saving the return periodically is easy ... just click on FILE in the upper left corner menu bar and save or save as. 
You can always take your contributions from a Roth IRA income tax and penalty free.  You can opt out of having any amounts withheld from your distribution.Tom Young 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Yes 2 schedule C would be the best.  After you do 1 schedule C you can add another.  Do them one at a time.Click on the Business tabBusiness incomeThen there should be a box listing your businessRight below the box click on Add Another 
Yes report it 50/50.  You each report half.  It's not if you itemized this year for 2015 But if you itemized on the 2014 return last year.  Then it is taxable.  If you took the Standard Deduction last year it is not taxable. 
\n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
To report Casualty and Theft losses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits \nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Other Deductions and Credits\nOn Casualties and Thefts, click the start or update button\nAlso see this TurboTax support FAQ on Casualties and Thefts - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901178-casualty-and-theft-lossesSee this IRS Publication 547 Casualties,\nDisasters,\nand Thefts (PDF) - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p547.pdfSee this IRS Publication 547 Casualties, Disasters, and Thefts (HTML) - https://www.irs.gov/publications/p547/index.html 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If this was a gift to you or your brother, there are no US taxes owed.  (I dont know if they owe tax in Poland.)  In the US, a gift recipient never owes taxes.  For foreign gifts, you must report them on a special form if the total amount in any year is more than $100,000 from foreign persons or more than $14,000 from foreign corporations.  The IRS does not tax the gifts but they want to keep track to avoid money laundering or that you might be hiding income from a foreign company by calling it a gift.Then, you can give the gift back when they get here.  You would have to file a US gift tax return if the gift is more than $14,000 per person but there is no tax owed by the recipient ever and no tax owed by the giver until the givers lifetime total gifts are more than about $5 million.However, this seems like a needlessly complicated way to do it.  Why not just leave the money in an account in Poland in their names, and once they get to the US, wire the money to a US account also in their own names.  There may be paperwork to disclose the transaction (again, to prevent/detect money laundering) but there is no tax involved.  Once they become US persons for tax purposes, they would owe US tax on the income from the account, whether it is in Poland or the US, but they dont tax on owning or moving the principle.And in fact, if they and you arrange the transactions as a series of gifts rather than a straight wire transfer from themselves to themselves, you could run afoul of structuring laws, which make it illegal to create a series of transactions to hide the underlying purpose, even if the underlying purpose is perfectly legal.  The best thing to do is probably for them to keep the money in their own name and open a US bank account to receive the transfer when they are ready.
Yes, this year the IRS is\nholding up refunds until the taxpayers comply by sending the required forms\nthat were not sent with the original return per the IRS regulations.  In\nthe past they would have processed the return and sent the letter later but not\nanymore. \n\nLog back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
To enter seller financed interest income:\n\n        \nType interest\nincome - seller financed and\nclick search/find.\n\n        \nClick on Jump\nto interest income - seller financed. \n\n        \nContinue with the onscreen questions. 
Go to this IRS website to order a transcript of your federal tax return - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript-beta 
You mean you purchased tax year 2014 and needed tax year 2015.  Tax year 2015 is the current tax year.You will need to contact TurboTax support for this particular issue.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time, Monday through Friday, after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS notice you received concerning the Form 8962 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
First --\nverify that your returns have been filed and accepted --  then check\nthe fed & state web sites to see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\n\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue    \n\n\n\n\n\n 
If your son and his wife filed separate returns, and you are now amending to make it a joint return, you only amend one of the two returns. Whichever one you amend will be the person whose name is listed first on the joint return. The other separate return will automatically be canceled by the joint amended return.The best way to amend a tax return is by using the same software or other method that was used to file the original return, because the original return is already there. You dont have to reenter the information. To prepare an amended return with TurboTax, you would first have to recreate your sons original return in TurboTax, and make sure it exactly matches the return that your son filed.You can no longer use TurboTax Online to amend a 2014 return. TurboTax Online is only for the current tax year, which is now 2015. To file an amended return for 2014 you have to use the CD or download TurboTax software for 2014. Since your son didnt use TurboTax, you will have to buy the software. You can buy a download at the following link.http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou might get a better price from a reputable online seller that still has TurboTax for 2014 in stock.It doesnt matter that the original return was a 1040EZ. An amended return is always filed on a special form, Form 1040X, no matter what form was used for the original return. An amended return cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.For more details about using TurboTax to amend a return that was not originally prepared with TurboTax, see the FAQ at the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2939017For the 2015 return you can use the CD/Download TurboTax software for 2015, or you can use TurboTax Online as long as you file the return by October 17. If you use TurboTax Online you would have to create a new account for your son and daughter-in-law. You cannot use the same account that you use for your own return. A TurboTax Online account can only be used for one federal return. 
Your post shows you are currently using the Deluxe edition.  You can just pay for the Deluxe edition so you can access your prior year returns.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Generally, if an HSA distribution is included in your gross income \nbecause it is not made for qualified medical expenses, it will also be\n subject to an additional 20 percent penalty tax. This 20 percent \npenalty tax does not apply to distributions made after your death, \ndisability or attainment of age 65.From the sounds of it youre not subject to a premature distribution, but the IRS doesnt know that at this point and so assumes the penalty does apply.  You shouldnt have not reported the distributions from your HSA; certainly the financial institution acting as trustee sends you periodic reports of activity in your account, just like banks do for checking and savings account, so that figure should have been available even in the absence of the 1099-SA.  What you need to do now is respond to the IRSs notice, explaining what you did, (or more correctly, didnt do), which was to not report the distributions out of the HSA on your income tax return.  You need to make them understand that all distributions were properly used for qualified medical expenses and, therefore, you owe no tax.  This may take some back and forth between you and the IRS, I have no idea if theyll simply accept your story, demand that you file an amended income tax return, or even require some documentation on your part.  But if youve stated your situation correctly here you should not owe additional tax.Tom Young 
If this is interest income you earned while in the Us, it is taxable to you.You will need to amend your return to add that income and also to change your return to a dual status alien return (unless you are married and you declared you want both be treated as resident aliens for the entire year and you reported worldwide income for the entire year).Turbotax does not support dual status returns.You should also provide your bank form W9, so they will report interest income correctly in the future (assuming you are still in the US).Publication 519 for more details: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p519/ 
You have to sign onto your\nonline account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.\n Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have\nused - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nWhen you sign onto your online account and are on\nthe Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax\ntimeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Download all forms and\nworksheets\n\nOr, if you have already\npaid the TurboTax account fees and are working within the 2015 tax return,\nclick on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the TurboTax Print Center window, select from the dropdown Forms filed with the government\nplus all worksheets.  Choose the option on how you want to print\nor save. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577 
Withholding is not "calculated."It is factual data as shown on the tax form(s) you received, and as recorded and submitted to the FTB by your income sources (employers, etc.).If there is a mismatch between what you submit on your income tax return and what the FTB has received from your income sources, then you would receive a correction notice from the FTB. The letter you received should have provided instructions and contact information.There is a document outlining the FTB audit and appeals processes at the following FTB web page.In particular, page 11 of that document details the requirements for your response correspondence.   See:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/misc/985.pdfThere also are help topics and contact information on the following FTB web page.   See:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/contact.shtml?WT.mc_id=Global_Utility_Contact 
Is that what it displays at the IRS Wheres My Refund website?  \ni.e.,when you use the tool at the IRS website below, it says your \nFederal return is still processing?\n  http://www.irs.gov/Refunds\nIf so, you can phone the IRS to see if you can learn the reason for the delay.IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If\n you dont get good results from the IRS, you can consider contacting \nthe IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service for assistance.  At the following IRS \nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you \nthe number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf\n you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can \nalso try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service \nat  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6Also see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works::http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
The procedure for mailing is the same before, on, or after April 18th. Submit your return to the address designated by your states revenue division. 
So you have the *.tax2013 data file?   You have to have the 2013 desktop software to open it.  What are you needing to do with the 2013 file?   Are you needing to prepare an amended return?Did you prepare the 2013 return online, or did you prepare it in desktop software?  By download did you just mean you downloaded the tax file from your online account, or did you mean you used a program download to prepare the 2013 return?Did you purchase 2013 software as a download previously from TurboTax?   If so, it should still be in your download account.  Use this link:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find it there, you may have multiple accounts, and could have ordered it in another account. To get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have morTe than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
You dont say which years you are talking about.  Any 2015 return should be available no matter if you filed for free or paid.  A 2014 return that you filed for free will be locked unless you paid to file for 2015.  That should unlock the 2014 return, but sometimes it doesnt; and the automatic unlock only works if you are using the same account for both years.  If you paid for a different account in 2015 than the one you are trying to retrieve, or if you used the same account but the unlock is not being accepted, you need to call customer support.For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
If you are living together and not separated:When filing separately, only one of you can claim the child as a dependent.  That parent can use a $2500 FSA benefit.  Turbotax will pick up the $5000, apply the $2500 toward qualifying expenses, and add the remaining $2500 back to the parents taxable income. (The good news is, unlike most other situations, there is no additional penalty.  It just becomes taxable income.)  The parent who does not claim the child as a dependent gets no FSA benefit at all and the entire $5000 is added back to their taxable income.If you have two children, each parent can claim one child as a dependent and then use $2500 of the FSA tax-free, and the other $2500 ($5000 total) will be added back to taxable income.  It will be shown on line 7 with the notation DCB.If you were filing jointly and have only one child, you would be able to use a total of $5000 of FSA benefits, so only $5000 would be added back to taxable income instead of $7500.  So this is going to be a significant tax penalty for filing separately, in addition to a number of other deductions and credits that are disallowed for separate filers.Married filing separately is the worst filing status, and it is almost always better to file jointly if you agree to do so, even when there is a large gap in incomes.Make sure that the parent who is not claiming the child as a dependent does not even list the child in Turbotax.  There is an interview question about custody agreements that only applies to divorced or separated parents, and answering it when you are not separated can lead to incorrect results.If this is a marital separation and the parents have been living apart since at least July 1, 2015:Then the parent who had custody the majority of the time can claim the child as a dependent and use head of household status, which allows them to use all $5000 of the FSA tax-free.  The other parent cant claim the child and use any of the FSA. 
If this is your 2015 tax file (2014 is different) then the password is local and if you cant remember it, you are probably skunked.  You may have entered a typo for the security question so that it is not working.  I am not aware of any upgrade issues.  However, you can try calling customer support in the morning and maybe they will have a solution. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n
If she has her own foreign accounts too that you are not a co owner of, then yes. If her only foreign accounts are joint accounts with you, she would already be listed as co owner on your FBAR and no additional FBAR would be required for her.Also, how long has she been in the US? Did you ever attach a statement that you both choose th treat her as resident alein?
SCH means taxable portion of a scholarship (the amount that is more than tuition plus other required expenses).  For scholarships, any amount that is more than tuition plus required course expenses (like room and board) is taxable income and is added to line 7 with any other taxable income you have. 
It is your responsibility to see that any state income tax due is paid by April 18th. 
Updated Answer 06/05/16 --It's confirmed that there are withholding recording problems in California this year.Thanks to SuperUser, Zbucklyo,  here's a bulletin from the FTB about the issues:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5282342 
Have you already filed?  If so, see this FAQ on printing online returns for your records:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463 
afc472 is correct. You should go ahead and mail in your return. 
wrong assumption.TurboTAX wont pay your state tax for you out of your Federal refund. That is your responsibility. 
Hi ~ your taxes will show who you worked for during the year, but no specific dates.  You will need your paystubs for that time period or your W-2 for that employer, which should have the dates on it.  Good luck! 
What do you mean by its saying that nothing happened?  Does that mean you cant find your return, and its acting like it wants you to start a new one?    Or do you mean you can see your return, but it hasnt been filed?If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
You will need to phone TurboTax Support and ask for the state program downloads to install before you try to open the *.tax data file.it also depends on how you bought the state programs.  You can look in your download account to see if they there, but if you bought them directly through the desktop software, they probably wont be in your online account.  In any case, it cant hurt to look:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadTo get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You are not the first to post this issue with CA ... so simply respond politely to the notice with the proof that CA is wrong. 
In order to get to the Upgrade link and pay so you can unlock prior \nreturns, since you already filed the 2015 return, you must first open \nyour already-filed 2015 return back up.NOTE:  Before upgrading and \npaying, be sure you are in the same account as the locked 2014 returns; \ni.e., that you at least see evidence of the locked 2014 returns in the \n2014 Tax Timeline of the same account.Heres how to re-open your already-filed 2015 return.\nLog in to TurboTax, and go to the 2015 Tax Timeline.\nScroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a state. (you dont really add one; thats just to open the return.)\nOnce the return is open and past the blue Simple and accurate screen, you should see an  Upgrade link at the top.\nThe minimum upgrade to unlock the returns is PLUS (29.99).\nOnce upgraded, you then need to pay.\nWhile the return is open, click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you say this years.)\nIt should then prompt you to pay.\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make \nchanges/edits to an already-filed return.   If you later need to make \nchanges, you have to go through the formal amending process, and your \nreturn must start off exactly as originally filed. 
If you e-filed your return\nwith TurboTax Online you can check the status of your return at https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n\nYou can check the status of\nyour refund at the IRS website: http://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nYou can also call the\nautomated IRS refund hotline at 1-800-829-1954.\n\nEven though the IRS issues\nmost refunds in less than 21 days after your tax return has been received, its\npossible your tax return may require additional review by the IRS that would\ndelay your refund.\n\nConsider calling the IRS\nabout your refund if it has been:\n\n        \n21 days or more since you filed electronically;\n\n        \nMore than 6 weeks since you mailed your paper return; or\n\n        \nThe Wheres My Refund? tool directs you to contact them.\n\nContact the IRS at\n1-800-829-1040 if your refund is delayed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Audit Defense will help you with your IRS notice, even if its not an actual audit. The Audit Defense service is provided by TaxResources, Inc. in partnership with TurboTax. If you paid for Audit Defense for the year that the IRS is questioning, call TaxResources, Inc. at 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.  Do not contact the IRS yourself. TaxResources will contact them for you. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You can use the W-4 calculator at this TurboTax website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/Or you can use the IRS W-4 calculator at this IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/irs-withholding-calculator 
No, you will have to wait until it is accepted or rejected. If it is accepted you will have to amend. If it is rejected, you can then make any changes you want before you refile it. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
The hardship definition is kind of nebulous.  It has to be something unforeseen that requires or at least makes it strongly advised to move.  For example, if you buy a 2 bedroom house and 6 months later you discover you are pregnant with triplets, thats a qualifying hardship.  But if you bought the 2 bedroom house knowing you are pregnant with triplets, and then decide you cant make it work, that would not qualify for the hardship partial exclusion because even though you reasonably need to move into a bigger house, it was not unforeseen at the time you bought the first house, and you either dont get the exclusion or you tough it out the last couple of months.So here, lets say youve decided that the daily commute to his treatment facility is just too long.  If the commute was unforeseen when you bought the house then it could qualify for the exemption (like, he was being treated closer to home but that facility closed and the only suitable facility is far away).  But if he was always treated at this location and thought you could make it work, then it was not unforeseen that it was too far and therefore not qualifying.  You could have or should have bought a house that was closer 2 years ago, or you should have toughed it out 1 more month, and you dont get the exclusion just because you made a decision you later regret.  Something has to change about the facts that justifies the hardship.You can always claim the hardship partial exclusion, you would not send in proof with your tax return.  Instead, you would wait and see if the IRS decided to investigate (usually starting with a correspondence audit -- they send a letter asking you to send an explanation back that justifies the hardship) (not every claim gets investigated).So the questions to consider are, why was it necessary to move due to your sons condition; and was it unexpected and unforeseen when you bought the house 23 months ago.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Resubmit in the manner instructed by your IRS letter. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return originally completed using TurboTax - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax
This is not a tax question. 
You cant just enter another W-2 in TurboTax after you have filed your tax return. If you got another W-2 after you had already filed, you have to file an amended return to add the new W-2. An amended return cannot be e-filed. You have to print it and file it by mail. It has to be filed on a special form, Form 1040X. It takes the IRS up to 16 weeks to process an amended return.Go to the following link for instructions to amend a 2015 tax return that you filed with TurboTax Online. Before you do this, delete the second W-2 that you entered. To amend your return you have to start with the return exactly the way you originally filed it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2952222-how-do-i-amend-the-2015-taxes-i-filed-with-turbotax-onlineIf you filed a state tax return, you will have to amend that as well. 
Follow the instructions given here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3223999-i-need-tochange-email-address 
If youve been audited by the IRS that suggests you represented yourself and the IRS has reached some conclusion and probably created a bill for additional taxes.  At this point its too late for representation, (i.e, a tax professional that will deal directly with the IRS on your behalf), but you can avail yourself of TurboTaxs Audit Support:Our Audit Support Guarantee provides free audit guidance from a trained tax professional to help you understand why the IRS contacted you and to answer your audit questions. Its built into all personal versions of TurboTax.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901504-what-is-the-turbotax-audit-support-guaranteeTom Young 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
Yes, an ITIN is fine, assuming that she is a Resident (the prior post indicated that she is a Resident Alien).Is there a reason that you have changed your mind and want to keep the corporation?Is there a reason why you want her to be a shareholder? 
This is the Turbotax forum. Go here for Lacerte:https://accountants-community.intuit.com/questions/181891-lacerte-community-forum 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
If you claim her as a dependent, yes.As your dependent, she shouldnt have received any Advance credit unless it was based on your Household Income.  Make sure it is corrected for 2016.However, if you do not claim her as a dependent, she could file a tax return and include the 1095-A on her tax return (she still can not claim herself because you are ABLE to claim her).  Because of her lack of income, the repayment would be limited to $300 (assuming that she is Single).
You can purchase and download the 2014 software here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 2014 returns must be filed by mail. 
TurboTax sent you several emails concerning payment of your TurboTax account fees.  Look in your spam or junk mail folders for the sent emails.See this TurboTax support FAQ for payment of TurboTax account fees when you requested to have the fees deducted from your federal tax refund and the IRS has delayed your tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...What happens if my refund later gets reduced or the IRS hangs onto it for more than 45 days?\nIf the IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email, which includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund Processing fee, if any).\nIf you do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\nFinally, if your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has been initiated notification email.\nNote: If the IRS releases your refund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee, if any.\n 
So you mailed the return to the IRS?  Only the IRS can help you at this point.https://www.irs.gov/uac/contact-my-local-office-internationally
Health care insurance premiums and other medical expenses that you paid with out of pocket funds are an eligible medical expense that you can deduct using Schedule A for itemized deductions.  However, only your total medical expenses that are greater than 10% of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) can be deducted if you are under age 65.  If you are age 65 or older the AGI limit is 7.5%.  Your total itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for your filing status to have any tax benefit.Standard deductions for 2015 \nSingle - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or older\nHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nTo enter your medical expenses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Medical\nOn Medical Expenses, click the start or update button\n 
Only OK can answer that.https://www.ok.gov/tax/Individuals/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/How_to_Check_on_a_Refund/https://www.ok.gov/triton/contact.php?ac=281&id=257
Is there some reason you do not wish to do so?   You may wish to change your W-4, and to notify them of a (new) emergency contact. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
J1 visa holders must file Form 1040NR, which Turbotax does not support.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/foreign-student-liability-for-social-securit... 
You will have to print your return and mail it. The IRS will investigate, 
Do you meet this if its not reimbursed by the company?Work-Related EducationYou can deduct expenses you have for education, even if the education may lead to a degree, if the education meets at least one of the following two tests. (1) It maintains or improves skills required in your present work.  (2) It is required by your employer or the law to keep your salary, status, or job, and the requirement serves a business purpose of your employer. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdf Also see:http://www.forbes.com/sites/mattsymonds/2014/04/11/the-mba-and-the-taxman-claim-or-not-claim/#7b854a... Your employer should check with their accountant re their ability to deduct. 
You can view all the forms, schedules and worksheets for your return by clicking Forms in the upper right of the screen using any of the desktop CD/Download editions on a Windows based computer. 
Use the address on page 4 of the attached instructions:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1065.pdfAlso see the attached from the IRS website:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/business-name-changeJust write a letter (on business letterhead) to the IRS at the appropriate address noted in the instructions to the 1065 explaining that you changed from a partnership to an LLC in accordance with IL state law.  Also note that you will not be making any entity election and will remain taxed as a partnership in accordance with the federal income tax regulations.Make sure that the letter is signed by a managing member and note that designation below the signature.It is highly doubtful that the IRS will send you an acknowledgment.  However, you can request this in your letter indicating that the bank would like to see a response from the IRS.Finally, when you file the 2016 tax return, I would also check the box that the name has changed.  Just a double check. 
This is a public user discussion forum. See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
No, you do not need to amend unless the IRS tells you to.
You can view all the forms, schedules and worksheets for your return by clicking Forms in the upper right of the screen using any of the desktop CD/Download editions on a Windows based computer. 
If the tuition paid to the college in 2014 was more than $36,674, you do NOT need to file a tax return.If the tuition paid to the college in 2014 was less than $36,674, you need to file a tax return and include the 1098-T, and indicating how much tuition was paid to the college. 
To enter estimated taxes paid (Federal, State, Local) - (See screenshot)\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Estimates, click on the start or update button\n 
Youre in a bit of a gray area.  Here is DCs definition of part-year resident:You are a part-year DC resident if, during the year, you moved out of DC with the intent to permanently leave or moved into DC with the intent to permanently stay.You can find the full text of DCs residence rules on page 25 of this reference:http://otr.cfo.dc.gov/sites/default/files/dc/sites/otr/publication/attachments/2015_D-40%20BOOK_0422... 
TurboTax isnt licensed for professional paid preparers to use for client returns.  Intuit does offer professional programs though, check out ProSeries.https://taxpro.intuit.com/proseries/ 
This is the TurboTax AnswerXchange user to user forum.  We do not have access to your account for refunds.  You will need to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Please see these:https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/hiring-household-employeeshttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p926/ar02.htmlhttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employed-individuals-tax-center 
Not with TT. You can pull the 2014 forms and instructions from the IRS and state tax websites, and do them by hand. 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
You wont be able to import information from a tax return filed with Liberty Tax.  Youll need to get a copy of your 2014 return from Liberty Tax and then manually enter the information you need into TurboTax. 
For assistance, contact turboTAX support here  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact 
See your other post:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364891-my-itemized-deductions-do-not-agree-with-my-entries-where-...You get the higher deduction of Sales Tax, or State/Local Taxes Paid. 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF)
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
California?  Just mail or fax them a cover letter with copies of your W-2 (Copy 2, State Copy) and 1099 forms that show state taxes withheld. 
An amended return starts your refund amount over at zero. It is expected that you got the refund of the first return already. Any refund now showing is in addition to that amount. 
For your federal tax refund you can contact a Taxpayer Advocate.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Or do we need to do it for 2 consecutive years?\n\nTo exclude the gain you need to own and live in the home for two of the preceding five years.  To exclude the full $500,000 you both must live in the home for two of the preceding five years (and file a joint return in the year of sale.) 
Do you have a friend or family member who has a printer?  Or, use one at a public library, but be careful when you do.sio. 
All of your earning are subject to Federal tax, but the TX ones are not for any of those 3 states.Reciprocal agreements allow residents of one state to work in a neighboring state while only paying income taxes to their state of residency.  However, Kansas and Missouri do not have such an agreement.You will have MO state taxes withheld from your pay, since you work in that state. You file a non-resident return in Missouri, and then a part year resident one in Kansas.  Kansas (your home state) will give you credit for most or all of the taxes paid to Missouri. 
The usual rule, for a gift,\nis that the recipients basis is the givers basis (what you father paid for\nit). You also get his holding period. So you have a $23,000 long term capital gain. It all goes on your return, even though you are sharing the proceeds, because you were the owner. The gain would be reduced by any expenses of sale.But there is an exception for the gift of you fathers home home, where he retained the\nright to live there (life estate). (seehttp://www.njelderlawestateplanning.com/2010/02/articles/estate-and-inheritance-tax/life-estates-estate-tax-and-inheritance-tax-consequences/ which\nstates in part If you give away an asset and keep a life estate in that\nasset..... the cost basis of the house is stepped-up to the value\nof the house on date of death [IRC 2036])\n\n 
Sorry no.  You will get the refund.  Just add it to the next amount for 2016 you send in.   I wouldnt think you will have a penalty for paying the first quarter late.  Unless someone else says you can or what you can do.
Yes if you only get SS income you do not have to file a return.  Age doesnt matter at all.  No other income?  Even if you were 30 and only got SS you dont have to file.  Or what is your question about it? 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
You are in TT Federal Free. However, state is extra.Try here:www.taxfreedom.com 
If the IRS is\nholding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where\nits not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email,\nwhich includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the\nRefund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay\nyour fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2\nadditional Account\nDebit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your\nfees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well\ndebit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has\nbeen initiated notification email.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470575 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365171-trying-to-pay-so-i-can-print-2014-taxes 
Please check your state tax website for the status. 
If you originally chose to pay the TurboTax product fees out of your Federal refund, and the processing of your return at the IRS was delayed, then TurboTax likely sent you an email to go ahead and pay by another method (or they would debit your bank account.)   Payment at that time does not include the service fee.Once your refund is eventually released by the IRS, they still charge the 34.99 service fee for that refund processing service (39.99 for California filers).   Is that the amount of the fee taken out or your refund--34.99 or 39.99?  If so, then that likely represents that service fee.If the IRS reduced your refund any, then you should get a letter from the IRS in 2-3 weeks explaining why.If you have any questions about your fees, you can phone TurboTax Support during business hours.   To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You owe capital gains tax on anything you sell for more than you paid, whether it is a US or foreign asset.  You dont submit actual sales documents but keep them on hand in case you are audited.The same rules about the capital gains exclusion apply, if he owned it at least 2 years and lived in it 2 of the last 5  years then some or all of the gains can be excluded.  Turbotax will ask about this.If he also pays tax in Ireland, there is a foreign tax credit so you dont end up paying more than the higher amount.  In other words if you paid $5,000 tax on your Ireland income to Ireland, and owe $10,000 US tax on the same income, you would get a credit for the $5 k you already paid and only pay the other $5K.  There is nothing special about transferring money from a foreign account.  The banks will notify the IRS of amounts over $10,000 but there is no transfer tax, its just so the IRS can keep track and maybe follow up with you if they dont see income.  The simplest thing to do is to transfer the money from an Ireland bank account in his name to a US account in his name.See here for more, https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4203946 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your returns were e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
The person making the comment is correct, if the transaction occurred in 2015.  You should have received a 1099-B. Because of the new laws, this would have both the basis and the amount of the sale. It would also show the amount of tax witheld. If the transaction took place in 2016, you wont see the 1099-B until sometime in January. But to basically answer your question, you simply add the amount witheld to your total tax witheld from your wages or salary. 
is dental insurance mandatory like medical insurance?No. 
Contact the Social Security Admin, since that is where the IRS gets this information. 
CA has sent out a lot of those letters. Just mail/.fax them a letter with copies of your W-2 (Copy 2, State Copy) and any other forms that show state withholdings. 
Deleting a federal form or worksheet does not delete the TT/Calif counterpart. You have to delete the TT/Calif form/worksheet as well. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on completing a prior year tax return started using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb... 
no 
State inheritances taxes are not deductible.  From IRS Tax Topic 503:"Taxes and fees you cannot deduct on Schedule A include Federal income taxes, social security taxes, stamp taxes, or transfer taxes on the sale of property, homeowners association fees, estate and inheritance taxes and service charges for water, sewer, or trash collection. You may be subject to a limit on some of your itemized deductions including non-business taxes. Please refer to the Form 1040 Instructions for the limitations based on the adjusted gross income. " 
1099Gs can be issued for a variety of government payments and it sounds like you might be trying to enter the 1099G in the wrong section.  It appears from the description you are trying to enter a state tax refund so I will answer accordingly.Under Federal, Wages and Income, Other Common Income -> you should see two sections that relate to 1099G payments.  Choose the one that says State and Local Tax Refunds on Form 1099G (Not the one that says Other 1099G Income).  In this section, you should only be prompted to enter the state, the amount of the refund, and the tax year.  No other boxes or information should be necessary.  Like I said above, this form is used to report a variety of payments and the other 1099G section of Turbo Tax is where those items get reported.  Also, you only really need to enter this if you got a tax benefit (you itemized and took a deduction for state and local taxes paid on your federal return) for the year you got this refund. 
Since you could not have filed your 2015 taxes until January 2016 at the earliest, this means that you were married sometime in 2016.  Your marital status at the end of 2015 determines how you can file your 2015 tax return.  You can't change your filing status to married for 2015.
Your question from May 31 was answered in its original thread soon after it was asked.    It was your question of March 7 that wasnt answered.  Ill go ahead and close the 2 older threads to avoid duplication. See your May 31 thread with the answer at the link below.    If you wish to deactivate your account, the link to Customer Support to \nbegin the deactivation process was provided in that thread.   https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3364278-how-do-i-remove-all-records-associated-with-my-user-nameIf you started a 2015 Online return that you want to erase, you can use \nthis feature to erase the return info.  It does not remove your account \ninfo, however.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2586254-using-clear-start-over-in-turbotax-onlineIn any case, Customer Support can explain the deactivation process and what the ID verification process consists of to deactivate an account.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If you lived in another country all year you qualify for an exemption from the requirement to have health insurance. For details click the link that Critter#2 posted above. At the bottom of that page, click U.S. citizen abroad exemption.Heres how to claim the exemption in the Health Insurance section of the TurboTax interview.On the first screen, which asks whether you had health insurance coverage, select I didnt have it at any point (even though you did have the foreign insurance). Click Continue.The next screen lists a number of possible exemption situations. Check the box for Resident of foreign country or U.S. territory. Click Continue.TurboTax will tell you that the penalty has been waived. Your tax return will include Form 8965 with exemption code C to claim the exemption. 
If you chose the option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund, and if your refund is delayed at the IRS for an unusual length of time, TurboTax will eventually debit your bank account for the fees.  However, normally they attempt to email you before debiting it and giving you a chance to pay by some other method first.Read more in this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...When the IRS does eventually release your Federal refund, since you have already paid the product fees, only the 34.99 service fee (39.99 for California filers) will be deducted from your refund.If you need to discuss your fees with TurboTax Customer Support by phone, heres how to reach them during business hours.  Your assigned phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Almost certainly the difference is because you choose to print different versions of your income tax return in 2014 and 2015 than you did in 2013.  When you go to print your income tax return you are given different option as to what to print.  The shortest print outs are All official forms required fro filing and Tax Return Only.  These options print out only what youd actually mail in to the IRS if you were filing your income tax return through the mail.  These options result in the smallest number of pages printed.There are 2 other versions you might print out under the heading Forms to review or keep for your records which are Tax Return, key calculation worksheets and Tax Return, all calculation worksheets.  Each of these print options print everything contained in the Tax Return Only option plus either key calculation  worksheets or all calculation worksheets.  I believe its the all calculation worksheets option that contains the W-2 information.Tom Young 
Go to this healthcare.gov website to apply for an exemption - https://www.healthcare.gov/health-coverage-exemptions/exemptions-from-the-fee/ 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the IRS letter that was received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
Before paying, make sure the prior returns are in the same account that you are paying in--i.e., make sure you see evidence of the prior returns in the Tax Timeline of that account.When you go to pay, it sounds like youre clicking on the wrong option at the Print Center. You have to choose this years return.\nSince you have already upgraded, open the return and once you are past the blue simple and accurate screen,  then you can pay.\n\nTo pay click on MY ACCOUNT at the top, then choose PRINT CENTER.\nThen choose Print/save/view this years return.  (yes, you must say this years.)\nThen it should prompt you for payment.  \n\nIf an upgrade option is grayed out, it means you have already upgraded to that level.  You dont need to upgrade again.  Did you upgrade too high?To unlock prior-year returns, you only need to upgrade to Free Edition with PLUS (29.99).  Did you upgrade twice?  i.e., did you upgrade to Deluxe by mistake?   If so, youd need to phone TurboTax Support; otherwise it will charge you for Deluxe (54.99).FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Many people end up with multiple accounts without realizing it.  Often its some slight variation of the email address (if an email address was used for the user ID).If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 and past returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
See this previous TT answer:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3127409-can-i-load-ttax-on-my-laptop-to-work-on-it-remote-from-hom... 
This link to the IRS shows instructions for completing and mailing the estimated tax payments along with the forms: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfYou would need to log on to your state web site to find state forms and addresses. This link can be used to find you state web site: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/state-taxes/state-issues/1274.html 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
These IRS websites should give you enough information on how you should proceed tax-wise for your new business -https://www.irs.gov/individuals/self-employedhttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/estimated-taxeshttps://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employment-tax-social-security-an... 
The amount on the amended return is the difference between what you owed on your original return and what you would have owed or received as a refund on your return had you filed it correctly to begin with. So it is correct that the IRS would keep you original payment of taxes owed and then refund the amount shown on your amended return. If you had done your return correctly the first time, you would have received a $400 refund. You said However, IRS took $900 first then $1200 refund back to me later. Is the $1200 a typo or did you receive a refund of $100 less than shown on your amended return? If the refund was less than the amount shown on the amended return, the IRS may have made an adjustment for some reason and should send you an explanation of what they did. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
To get your prior year return you will need to access your account.  If youre having issues accessing your account you go through the sites account recovery at the link below.https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/ 
Contact your employer to get another copy of the W-2. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead. 
You can not delete your account. Once youve paid or registered, TT is required to store copies of your return. These are the same requirements imposed on accountants, CPAs, and other professional tax preparers.More Information:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899886-can-i-delete-my-tax-return-in-turbotax-online
Im not familiar with QBSE, but you may find these previous TT answers helpful:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900956-can-turbotax-calculate-the-estimated-payments-for-next-yea...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900951-how-does-turbotax-calculate-my-estimated-tax-payments
OK. Dumb me. I didnt send the refund to my bank. I sent it to an investment account. Sorry! 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.
There are additional penalties for failure to file, so be sure to file your return even if you cannot pay the taxes due. 
Did you apply for a patent on the invention?\n\nPatents\nare amortizable assets. Costs to secure the patent including legal fees would\nadd to the cost of the patent, which would be amortized over time (15 years.)  If the patent income, for example, would be\nreported on Schedule E for rents and royalties, the patent expenses would also\nbe reported on that schedule.\n\nIf\nyou are already engaged in a trade or the costs of research and\nexperimentation are generally capital expenses. However, you can elect to\ndeduct these costs as a current business expense. Your election to deduct these\ncosts is binding for the year it is made and for all later years unless you get\nIRS approval to make a change.  See IRS\nPub 535 here, which includes a link on how to make the election if it applies\nto you:  https://www.irs.gov/publications/p535/ch07.html#en_US_2015_publink1000208875\n\n 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
You would need to prepare, print and mail an amended return form 1040X to correct your original return. DO NOT change your original tax return until you start the amended return. If you have already changed it from the way it was originally filed and accepted, you must change it back before you start the amended return. Wait until you receive the refund from your original return before beginning your amended return to make sure you enter the correct amount. Here is an FAQ to help you:                                                                  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
It depends on what you ask for (and what they think you are asking for).  If you start asking to file a second return online for free, they will say no, and may get stuck in that mode.  If you start by asking to switch to the download version and apply the cost you already paid, they should do that.  Try and escalate the call if person #1 is not helpful. 
You can transfer whatever amount you want to transfer.The $14,000 is a limit on reportable gifts to any one person for gift tax purposes.  You can give any amount over that if you want, but would have to file a US gift tax return.  Even then, unless your lifetime gifts have been over $5,000,000+ it would only be an information return - you would owe no gift tax. 
Yes for high income there is an extra Medicare tax.  The extra Medicare tax shows up on 1040 line 62 and on form 8959 and then it adds the same amount to your federal withholding (from box 2) on line 64 to offset it. Extra Medicare tax for high income, seehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2560264-what-is-the-additional-medicare-tax 
Tell the fools that you can file HOH if you qualify and they cannot force you to do otherwise. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4206137\n\n 
If you used the Free edition, completed and filed your tax return you do not have to pay for an upgrade.  Just download the PDF of your 2015 return to view or print.You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If you are filing online, the fee is for preparation (including optional e-filing), not just e-filing, so you owe the state fee either way.If you have already transmitted both returns, youre finished unless they are rejected.  If you have not transmitted your returns, you can click the personal tab to exit the filing interview, then click the File tab to start the file interview over from the beginning.  There is a page where you can click a button to print your state return and file by mail instead of e-filing.  You may have skipped past that page originally. 
You have to pay for the upgrade before you can access the prior year online returns.  You can pay for the Plus edition you are currently using.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Yes, sort of.  If you are 70 1/2 or older it will ask if you took the RMD.  Say yes for pensions.  Anything your pension pays you is considered to be the RMD. 
\nClick the Federal Taxes tab  [or Personal if if Home & Business version] \nThen, Deductions & Credits.\n\nScroll all the way to the bottom, and click Wrap up tax breaks. \nOn the next screen, select Continue. \nThe next screen is titled Youve Chosen [whichever] Deduction(s). \nYou should see a check-box to Change my deduction. Check it to expand another question.\nClick the button next to Federal standard deduction of [xxx].\nThen, continue through your return.\n 
The sequence of events is IRS to SBTPG bank to Netspend.First, make sure the IRS has paid the refund.  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  Any date turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/RefundsThen, check with SBTPG bank.  They need to receive the refund, deduct any Turbotax fees and service charges, and then deposit the rest of the money into your instrument of choice.  That could be your own bank account, a debit card you previously owned, or a new Netspend card that you requested when you filed.  You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.If SBTPG confirms that they deposited the money on your Netspend card, then the ball is in Netspends court Im afraid.  Start by getting the account number that SBTPG says they used and make sure it lines up with your actual Netspend account number (which may be different than the face number on the card.)  If Netspend denies receiving any money, then go back to SBTPG and ask them to put a trace on the deposit.  Assuming SBTPG received the money in good order and processed the deposit request, then it is SBTPG who initiates the trace.  If there was a problem with the account numbers, the money might be in a holding account between the two institutions, for example. 
You don't have to send in the quarterly estimated payments, at least not the first year.For SE self employment tax - if you have a net profit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% SE Tax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it. So if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put you into a higher tax bracket.You must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Or here are the blank Estimates and instructions from the IRS..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 17, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms. You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state.To pay the IRS electronically See http://www.irs.gov/uac/Electronic-Payment-Options-Home-Page  If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. 
Netspend. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899161-more-information-about-the-netspend-premier-visa-prepaid-c...Please contact NetSpend directly at 1-855-646-8848.
There is a late filing penalty and a separate late payment penalty.  Both are a percentage of what you owe, so if you are expecting a refund, there is no penalty for being late.  If you do owe, the penalty for late filing (as of today) is about 10%, and the penalty for late payment is about 1% (interest). 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4842224 
Although it sometimes could be a gray area, most likely you do not qualify for the exclusion.Even if you moved out of your home because of a qualifying circumstance (such as new job), the fact that you rented it for over 3.5 years would probably disqualify the partial exclusion.  It would be difficult to say that the primary reason for the sale was because of the qualifying circumstance (such as the new job), and 3.5 years between the move and the sale definitely does not seem to be proximate in time.  As such, you would pay taxes on the full gain.The $25,000 of depreciation will probably be taxed at 25%, and the other $100,000+ gain is usually taxed at 15% (depending on your income).  If your State has income taxes, most likely it will be subject to State taxes as well.However, it often affects other things on your tax return.  Some credits and deduction could be reduced or eliminated due to the higher income, and you could be subject to the 3.8% Net Investment Income Tax.The best way to get a real idea of the tax consequences of the sale is to create a mock tax return in TurboTax (preferably with the CD/downloaded version) using your estimated numbers for the year.  You can enter all of your other information (wages, etc.) first to see the results, then add the sale of the home to see what the difference would be. 
Did you save your return as a pdf file to your computer?  You should do that.  You may need a copy of your return someday.  Save the pdf with all the worksheets and the 1040ES should be included.  Then  you can print them out anytime, like each quarter when you need it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3333012 
Sadly you cannot fight this requirement to pay back the advance credit ... this is the downside of taking the credit in advance since it is calculated as an annual credit so if things change significantly you lose big time as you can see. If you dont like the way the system is set up then complain to your congress persons and get the situation changed. 
If it was a retirement distribution it is sourced to the state you are a resident of.  If not SC, then no SC return is required.(You might ask the issuer why they are designating it as SC, as the SC Dept of Revenue may inquire about it.  As SC has some good retirement exclusions, then they wouldnt unless it is substantial.) 
Please be aware this is a public Internet forum.  For your own privacy/security, please do not post personal info in the public forum.  No telling who might try to contact you.Are you saying you paid for TurboTax PLUS in one account, but that you have a locked 2012 return in another account?If so, you will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday to ask them to unlock the other account.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
This is the TurboTax US user to user forum.  If you filed a Canadian tax return you will need to go the TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
Turbo tax does include an estimated tax payment on the form 1040 line 79 however the IRS will compute the final penalty (plus interest) based on when they get and process your payment.
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access anyones personal records or help get you access to an someone else account.  You can try calling TurboTax by phone and see what your options are in this type of situation.https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/Support is open Mon-Fri 8-5 Pacific Time, so theyve closed today and wont be open until Monday morning. 
If you wish to verify with AGI use the AGI amount from your original 2014 tax return, before any amendments. Leave the PIN fields empty. If you enter the correct amount it will work.
California filers who need to remove Premium Services will also have to remove the refund processing option (paying the fees out of the Federal refund), and pay upfront with credit card, debit card, or a prepaid debit card.If you cant remove it prior to filing using the info in the FAQ below, and then choose to pay upfront with credit/debit card, youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday for realtime assistance.California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-feeTo get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
VA has been asking for paper copies of these. It may be that they have not received them (such as the W-2) from the employer, so cannot verify (for example) state taxes withheld. 
The IRS will be sending you a letter about the adjustment that they made.You will receive an email with your Rewards on an Amazon.com e-certificate (up to the max amount for each qualified referral), approximately 45 days after your Friend redeems their special offer.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3150189-referral-reward 
See lines 7-21 here to see what constitutes income:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040.pdf 
you cannot refile. If IRS has no record, perhaps you did not file at all. In which case you can file now. 
the physical presence test is not limited to one tax year. You need to have been abroad 330 days out of a period of 365 days. SO you could use a period of 06/01/2015 - 05/31/2016 for example for the physical presence test. 
The Arizona statute doesnt specifically address your question, but it does use the wording amount contributed during the taxable year, so I suspect the answer is No.http://www.az529.gov/az529Website_2010/Planning_And_Tools_ArizonaTaxIncentive.htmlYou might want to contact the AZ 529 authority to be sure.  Heres their contact info:http://www.az529.gov/az529Website_2010/Contact_Us.html 
The Student Loan Interest Deduction reduces your taxable income therefore giving you a tax break of a certain amount  ....  it is not included in your refund as it is not a refundable credit.  Review your tax return to see how the deduction works. 
You cannot prepare\npast year returns online, but you can purchase prior-years software to install\non your computer.  Past-year returns cannot be efiled; they must be\nprinted and mailed.  If preparing multiple returns, do not mail them in\nthe same envelope; mail them separately.\n\nYou can purchase\nfrom TurboTax, or you may be able to find the software at a reputable\nauthorized retailer like Amazon.  TurboTax officially supports the current\nyear and the prior 3 years.  For years prior to that, theres no guarantee\nthat the software can still be updated or the state return available.\n\nHeres where to\npurchase from TurboTax as a download:\n\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/ 
A notice from the IRS\nor a state would usually mean one of several things:\n   1.  The Turbotax software\nmade an error, \n   2.  The issuer of an\ninformation return such as a Form 1099 issued one with incorrect information, \n   3.  The IRS or state made an\nerror in processing the return, or\n   4.  The Turbotax user\nentered incorrect or incomplete information or did not answer questions\ncorrectly.\n\nThe Turbotax accuracy guarantee covers any\nadditional interest or penalties that you would incur, but only due to the\nfirst type of error.  To submit a claim, see these instructions: https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/accuracy-guarantee/?_requestid=113272\n\n(Note - the Turbotax accuracy guarantee does\nnot include your liability for taxes that you would have paid anyway if the\nreturn had been correct.) 
If you used TurboTax to file the original 2014 tax return then see this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2014 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotaxAn amended tax return, Form 1040X, can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed. 
If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.   You can also use the steps to print/download the 2014 return.   If you dont find the returns with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Please see this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1xQ7K-NbWw 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See IRS publication 523.  The sale of the vacant land is eligible to be treated as part of the home, and eligible for the exclusion, if you have used it as part of the home, and if you sell the land and the house within 2 years of each other, even if the sales are to different people.https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-publication-523However, the publication also says If your sale of vacant land meets all these require-\nments, you must treat that sale and the sale of your home\nas a single transaction for tax purposes.  I dont know how to do that if the sale happens in two different tax years, so you may need to see a tax professional.  (If the total gain is less than your exclusion, and if there is no 1099-S issued, then the sale is not reported and it doesnt matter if the two sales occur in different years. However, if the total combined gain is more than the exclusion so that some tax is owed, or if a 1099-S is issued, and if the two sales are completed in different tax years, you will probably need a see a tax professional for help.)If you end up owning the land more than two years after selling the house, it will be treated as a sale of land and subject to gains.  You will allocate the cost basis based on the value of the house and land when you originally purchased the property.  You can allocate your legal fees and expenses incurred in splitting the parcels based on acreage, which will help raise the cost basis of the land and reduce your gain.  You also have the option of adding your property taxes to the cost basis rather than deducting them (capitalize your costs), which will lower your eventual gain (but you miss the immediate deduction.)   The election to capitalize expenses must be made in writing each year with a written statement attached to your tax return.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you have more than $100 of 1099-MISC related deductions, you must upgrade to TT Home and Business. 
Are you an employer?  Form 11 is to be completed by an employer.  So unless you are an employer you should not be completing this.  See the attached instructions:https://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471201/2015-f-11-instr..pdfAs an individual, you may need to complete form 27.  See the attached form and instructions:https://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471195/2015-pdf-f-27.pdfhttps://cdn.ritaohio.com/media/471189/2015-f-27-instr..pdf 
Interest and penalties are determined by the date(s) the IRS actually receives your tax return and tax payment, which TT has no way of knowing. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
to the extent you had a general sales tax deduction, which would be augmented by the sales tax you paid on your automobile, your state refund taxable amount is reduced. Only the remaining difference might be taxed.  see the state and local income tax refund worksheet.Youll have to submit an amended tax return.I would attach that worksheet to the amended return along with a copy of your IRS letter. 
If the bank refuses your refund because the routing and/or account number are incorrect, the IRS will issue a paper check and mail it to the address on your tax return. 
Only if you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/If not then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdfLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the country on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8. 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
No, the $250,000 exclusion does not apply, and there probably isnt much you can do about it.  Sorry.The only option would be to use a QUALIFIED 1031 exchange and purchase a different rental or business\n property.  If you do that, you would want to work through a third party\n that would handle the exchange.  Doing it wrong would invalidate it.  \nThe new property would need to be for rental or business use.  Nothing \nelse would work.If you did you move back into the other \nproperty for 2 years, you would get a prorated exclusion.  Lets say you\n owned that property for a total of 10 years, and 3 of those years it \nwas your principal residence (30% of the time).  You could only use 30% \nof the $250,000 ($75,000) exclusion.  Its a bit more complicated than \nthat, but that is the rough idea of it.If you sell it by an installment sale (you receive payments over several years), it will usually reduce your overall taxes. 
See this previous TT Q&A:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3239661 
The bank is looking for your YTD financial statement.  Tax forms for 2016 wont be available until late this year. 
Once your tax return has been filed and accepted, you cannot change that information, When the IRS issues the refund it bounces back, they will mail you a check. 
\n Under the Federal Taxes tab (or Personal tab\n in Home and Business)Deductions &\n Credits.\n Ill choose what I work on.Scroll down to topic Estimates and\n Other Taxes Paid.\n Find subtopic ESTIMATES, and click START or\n Update.\n The next screen is titled Estimates and\n Other Income Taxes. Scroll down to Payments with Extension.\n Either click Visit All, or choose\n the type of extension payment and click START (or Update).\n Once you have entered (or confirmed if pre populated)\n the extension payment, then before filing verify that you are getting credit\n for it.  Look at Line 70 of your Form 1040 and verify that the\n Federal figure is correct.  A state extension payment is entered in\n the same navigation steps as above. 
Something doesnt make sense here.  Please ask them why they issued you a 1099-MISC.  Are they essentially paying  rent for you to house her?  Did you issue a W-2 to the other caretaker?  (If your mother is receiving in-home hospice care, Medicare would normally cover that.) 
You dont report gains and losses from regulated futures contracts using the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview so nothing regarding these trades should be entered there.  You use the Contracts and Straddles interview instead.Tom Young 
TT refund dates are just estimates, Please check the IRS website, as the IRS does not issue refunds on Saturdays. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on deleting a state return from your online account - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900608-how-do-i-delete-my-state-in-turbotax-online 
You should have two Forms 1099-R, one for the distribution from the IRA and another for the distribution from the employer plan.  Each of these must be entered separately exactly as shown on the Form 1099-R provided by the payer.  For the distribution from the IRA, indicate in the follow-up that your moved some or all of the money to another retirement account, that you rolled over part of the money, and enter the amount of this distribution rolled over.  For the distribution from the employer plan, also indicate in the follow-up that your moved the money to another retirement account.Assuming that the employer plan was not an IRA-based plan, the amount distributed from the employer plan will be shown on Form 1040 line 16a or Form 1040A line 12a.  The amount rolled over will be excluded from the amount reported on line 16b or 12b.  The word ROLLOVER will appear next to the line.The total amount distributed from the IRA will be shown on Form 1040 line 15a or Form 1040A line 11a.  The portion rolled over will be excluded from the amount on line 15b or 11b.  The word ROLLOVER will appear next to the line. 
TT Online does not provide direct access to forms, so all info must be entered via the interview. Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3161861-sales-of-rental-property 
You will be getting letters from both the IRS and State. Could you have entered something incorrectly? 
You will have to file your return by mail in order to claim the children. The IRS will sort it out.The Head of Household filing status does not apply, since all of you lived together for all of 2015. File Married Separately. 
Please call TT Support for assistance when they reopen on Monday. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Yes, assuming all other requirements are met. 
I agree, you need the downloaded program to do an override entry in the forms mode. You can save a bit of money since you can get away with using the Deluxe version of the downloaded program (basic if you dont need a state return).  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/If you started your\n2015 return in TurboTax Online and want to switch to the TurboTax software,\nheres how.\n\n1.    Save your online return as a tax data file.\n\n2.    Sign out of TurboTax Online.\n\n3.    Install your 2015 TurboTax software.\n\no    Important: If your return includes a state, make sure you also\ninstall the corresponding state program(s), otherwise youll get Error 539.\n\n4.    Once installed, choose File > Open\nTax Return in the software\nprogram.\n\n5.    Browse to where you saved your .tax2015 file and click Open.\n\n6.    If you get an error, delete your tax data file\nand repeat these steps from the beginning.\n\n7.    (Optional) Once youve confirmed that your\nonline return opens properly in the software, you can clear your online return.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
You must contact TurboTax directly for a refund. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041You can arrange a phone call only during normal business hours. At this time of year they are 8:00 to 5:00 Pacific time Monday through Friday. When arranging the call, refer to billing issue rather than refund. 
If you received a letter from the PA Dept of Revenue, promptly answer the letter.   Provide evidence of any disputed claims as requested.  If you have a specific question about PA tax law, you may post the details to the forum for feedback.
...the non-state 29.99 ($30) charge is to be able to access your 2014--or earlier tax year forms that were filed in the exact same account.Once you pay, then download those prior years onto your home computer (and back them up on removable memory), then you cant be hit-up for that fee again.  However...when using the Free Federal version, that $30 fee will be needed again if you want to transfer=in the prior years information into the current years tax forms.....things like name, address, SSN, and some repeat blank tax forms....how important those are to you is up to you as to whether the extra $30 is worth itDO NOT have the software fees deducted from your Federal Refund (if any)....that ends up with yet another $35 charge.  Pay your software fees with a credit card. 
$500,000 Exclusion for Married CouplesThere are certain additional requirements you must meet to qualify for the $500,000 exclusion. Namely, you must be able to show that all of the following are true:\nyou are married and file a joint return for the year\n\neither you or your spouse meets the ownership test\n\n\nboth you and your spouse meet the use test, and\nduring the 2-year period ending on the date of the sale, neither you or your spouse excluded gain from the sale of another home.\n 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the Vermont state tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
A Form 8962 is generated by the TurboTax program only after you have entered the Form 1095-A you received from one of the state marketplace exchanges and the amount shown in column B of the form was also entered.See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the IRS letter you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...If you entered the Health Insurance information correctly and the program still does not generate a Form 8962, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
A Form 8962 is generated by the TurboTax program only after you have entered the Form 1095-A you received from one of the state marketplace exchanges into the Health Insurance section.  The amount shown in column B of the form must also be entered.See this TurboTax support FAQ on the procedure to use for the IRS letter you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...If you entered the Health Insurance information correctly and the program still does not generate a Form 8962, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You cannot. It must be mailed as indicated here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue or check on any refunds.  You need to speak with TurboTax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.Support is open Mon-Fri 8am -5pm Pacific Time 
A qualifying individual may claim the foreign earned income exclusion on foreign earned self-employment income.  The excluded amount will reduce the individuals regular income tax, but will not reduce the individuals self-employment tax. 
Up-front payments of PMI have to be prorated over 84 months or the life of the loan, whichever is less.  If your loan was a VA loan then the VA Funding fee would be deductible as PMI and is not prorated.To enter PMI -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on\nUnder Your Home\nOn Mortgage Insurance, click the start or update button\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Dear both, thank you for your help. I was able to figure it out with the TT customer service. Heres what I did (for anyone else who might be looking):First off, it turns out my 2555 form was not entirely deleted. I previously tried doing the FEIE and then decided against it. To check if the form is deleted, go to: My Account -> Tools -> Delete a form. I still had form 2555-T there and deleted from there. I also deleted forms 1116 and started from scratch (though perhaps this isnt necessary, Im not sure). Second, instead of listing foreign income under the foreign earned income section, I was instructed to list my foreign income under Miscellaneous income. To do this, I went to the Federal Wages summary page, (scrolled down to the bottom) Less Common Income -> Miscellaneous Income -> Other income not already reported...., and entered my income as misc with the description Foreign earned income.Then, I went back to the Deduction and Credits section and re-did the module on the foreign tax credit. 
I cant answer the question of how to remain eligible for SSDI.  You may need to discuss this with a benefits attorney.Disability pay is considered taxable income if the premiums for the disability insurance were paid by your employer, or if they were paid by you with pre-tax dollars.  Disability pay is non-taxable if you paid the insurance premiums with after-tax (out of pocket) dollars.  You will typically receive a W-2 from the disability insurance payor if the income is taxable.  You may want to have them do tax withholding to avoid a large tax bill next year.If you obtain Marketplace insurance that includes a tax credit/premium assistance, then you will need to file a tax return even if your income is not taxable, because your tax return is how the government verifies how much premium assistance you are entitled to receive.  You would expect to receive a form 1095-A from the government in January that reports the amount of assistance you received, and use that info in your tax return.
Sounds like you're in the wrong account.  Seems to be very common that people end up with multiple TurboTax accounts without realizing it.  You log into the wrong account and it wants you to start over from scratch.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then:Use this tool to see if you have multiple accounts for any email addresses you may have used:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/
You are asking from TT desktop, so hopefully you saved the return. Look for a .tax file on  your computer. 
If his only income is from\ninterest and dividends, Alaska PFD or capital gains distributions shown on a\n1099-DIV, there is a provision for entering it on your return, using\nform 8814. However, if the childs custodial account has capital gains or losses from the sale of securities or mutual funds (he most likely received a form 1099-B), he has to file his own return to report those.You do not report his/her income on your return. If it has to be reported\nat all, it goes on his own return. If your dependent child is under age 19 (or\nunder 24 if a full time student), he or she must file a tax return for 2015 if\nhe had any of the following:1.         Total income (wages,\nsalaries, taxable scholarship etc.) of more than $6,300 (2015).2.         Unearned income (interest,\ndividends, capital gains) of more than $1050 (2015).3.         Unearned income over $350\nand gross income of more than $10504.         Household employee income\n(e.g. baby sitting, lawn mowing) over $1900 ($6300 if under age 18)5.          Other self employment\nincome over $400, including box\n 7 of a 1099-MISC\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n He doesnt get his own $4000 exemption\n(deduction), when he files. In TurboTax, he indicates that somebody else can\nclaim him as a dependent, at the personal information section. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5273455 
\n\nInterests in assets held in financial\naccounts. If you have an interest in a\nfinancial account that holds specified\nforeign financial assets, you do not\nhave to report the assets held in the\naccount.\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8938.pdf 
The IRS considers  undocumented cash\nincome (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for work performed, to be self employment income.\nEnter at Business Income & Expenses and TurboTax (TT) will\ncomplete Schedule C or C-EZ for you and allow you to deduct any expenses\nassociated with this income. Youll\nalso have to pay self employment tax (social security & Medicare) on any\nprofits greater than $400.You may have to upgrade to the Home &\nBusiness version of TT. Theres a chance you may be able to use TT Deluxe or Premier.\nEnter your income at the 1099-Misc screen (even if you didnt get a 1099-misc).\nIn TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab  - Wages &\nIncome-        \nIll choose what I work on Button-Scroll down to:   - Other Common Income      -Income from Form\n1099-Misc\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nasked why you got the 1099-Misc, select Freelancer or Independent contractor 
No it is not.  Income must be reported in the year it was received. 
As you have found out you cannot enter a SS# in a box for an  EIN.  The\nIRS also considers undocumented cash income (no W-2 or 1099-MISC), for\nwork performed, to be self employment income. If you have net self employment income of $400 or more you have to file\na schedule C in your personal 1040 return for self employment business income.\nYou may get a 1099-Misc for some of your income but you need to report\nall your income.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is\nsome reading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\n\n\nI assume you are using the Home & Business version?  If not you will need to upgrade to continue.It\ngoes under General Income.\n\nGo to Business tab- then Continue\nChoose Explore on my own or Ill choose what\nto work on  (if it comes up)\n\nThen..\nBusiness Income and Expenses - Click the Start\nor Update button\n\nThen click EDIT by your business name and the\nnext screen should be a list of topics, \nBusiness Profile, Income, Inventory/Cost of\nGoods Sold, Expenses, Assets, and Final Details last.\n \nClick Start or Update by Business Income\nThen by General\nIncome for Business Income not\nreported on a 1099-Misc - Click the Start or Update button
Thats an interesting theory but it wouldnt hold up.  Government employees are subject to state taxes like anyone else so long as they have a physical presence in the state when performing services, even if the physical presence is in a federal building.In most instances, the tax you pay in the non-resident state is a credit against your tax liability in your resident state, thereby avoiding double taxation.
Refunds from the IRS to the Processing bank to your account usually takes less than 3 days depending on weekends and holidays.         First, check the IRS refund site. Any\ndate that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds\n\nIf the IRS site says\nprocessing or anything other than refund sent with a\ndate, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days\nyou can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be\nsending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more\nthan 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer\nadvocate. https://www.irs.gov/Advocate\n\n\n\nIf it says refund sent\nand you DID use refund processing to pay your\nfees, then contact www.sbtpg.com.  SBTPG bank is supposed to open\nan account in your name, receive the deposit, deduct your fees, and then\nsend the rest of the money to your regular bank.  If there are\nany problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your\naccount number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify\nyour identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.  They are\nsupposed to notify you by email but you may need to contact them, in\ncase the email was lost, put in a spam filter, or never sent.  (The\nverification process is a new step this year because last year they were\napparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may\ncontact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you did not purchase Audit Defense for the 2014 return you completed using TurboTax then you can contact the Audit Support Center through their website and speak with a TurboTax support agent who can assist you with the IRS notice you received.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  Audit Support Center agents are available after 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) on Monday.Go to this TurboTax website for Audit Support - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
If you purchased one of the TurboTax desktop CD/Download editions for tax year 2015 and need to access your prior year online returns that were completed using the Free edition, then you will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance in accessing those online returns.  TurboTax support is closed on the weekends after tax season, they open at 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) on Monday.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numberIf you did not use the TurboTax editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
NOTE:After I posted this answer, I found another thread with a more precise method that may yield you the worksheets.  So look for my other answer on this page.********************************************Youll have to look and see what is available in your 2014 Tax Timeline when you scroll down to Some things you can do.There should be a link to download/view/print the PDF.  Did you already try that, and was it a basic return that didnt contain the worksheets?    Look at it, just in case it does have them.While at Some things you can do, see if there is still a link for all forms and worksheets.   But that link may no longer be there for a prior-year return.Otherwise the only other choice to download that would contain all forms and worksheets would be the actual *.tax2014 data file, but it would require the desktop software (CD/download) to open it. 
Please see this for tuition:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562661-how-do-i-enter-form-1098-tFor medical, go to Federal taxes; Deductions and Credits; Medical. 
It covers the preparation of your 2015 income tax return.  It does not cover quarterly employment taxes.
If Dad filed married filing separately and listed your mother only because a spouses SSN and name is required, that should not have rejected your return.  On the other hand, if it was a joint return or he claimed her as a dependent, that could cause your return to reject.In either event, your solution is to just file the return on paper.  The IRS will process the return, pay any refund, and in about a year inquire of both of you to determine which return is correct. 
Did you itemize on your 2014 Federal return, and claim a deduction for State Income taxes paid?  If so, you must claim the 1099-G on your 2015 Federal return.
The IRS will assume that any income in box 7 is earned from working, and therefore subject to SE tax.  You have to have a strong argument otherwise to skip paying the tax, and if you dont pay it, the IRS will almost certainly send a demand letter that you will have to answer with proof of why the income is not taxable.If this is not income earned from working, then your best choice is to ask the organization to issue a corrected 1099-MISC that puts the income in box 3.  Income that is not earned could be things like prizes and incentives of various kinds.If this is income earned from doing work for the non-profit, then you do owe SE tax.  The fact that the organization is non--profit does not mean that their workers dont pay tax.By paying you on a 1099-MISC the organization is treating you like a self-employed independent contractor, instead of a wage employee. This might or might not be correct, see here for more, https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o...Here is a set of links and tips on filing taxes when you are self-employed/indpendent contractorhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5448190 
Try leaving that field blank. 
Based upon the information you have provided, Turbotax is correct.  In other than the first and last year of depreciation taken for a residential rental property, the amount of depreciation would be the depreciable basis ($41,017) divided by 27.5 = $1492.  Check to make sure that you have the correct depreciable basis for the property. 
Even though you think you are using the same log-in credentials, you are most likely in the wrong account.  Many people have multiple accounts without realizing it. If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.If you still cant find the right account after all that, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support on Monday for help in locating your account. To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 online return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Does your TT/Calif return, when printed out for filing, include Calif. Schedule D? If not then you should be okay to submit the Calif return with the federal return attached as-is.The Calif Sched. D has 2D barcodes so if it prints out but you have some manual federal detail then the Calif Sched D wont have that pencil-only detail and the 2D barcodes will be wrong. In that case you should submit a pencil Calif Schedule D instead of the TT/Calif 2D barcode version.The Calif FTB doesnt scan the attached federal return so your manual worksheets are fine. 
If she is a non-resident alien and has no US source income, she is not required to file a return.  That doesnt mean, however, that she cant still file a joint return with you. 
Yes, if you used TurboTax (TT) in 2014, the capital loss carry forward will automatically be placed on the 2015 return*. You will  be given a prepopulated screen to verify the amount.If you are not seeing it, In TurboTax (TT), enter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab (Personal in  Home & Business)\n\n - Wages &\nIncome\n\n-        \nIll choose what I work on Button\n\nScroll down to:\n\n-Investment Income\n\n  -Capital Loss carryoverAny amount not used on the 2015 return will be carried forward to 2016.*Long term carry over goes on line 14 of schedule D and a short term carry over to line 6.
\n\nPremiums\non accident and health policies like some AFLAC policies (generally, policies\nthat pay you a guaranteed amount each week for a stated number of weeks if you\nare hospitalized for sickness or injury) such as many cancer policies are not\ndeductible. From IRS Pub 502:\n\nYou cannot\ninclude premiums you pay for: ...\n\n        \nPolicies\nproviding payment for loss of earnings,\n\n        \nPolicies for\nloss of life, limb, sight, etc.,\n\n        \nPolicies that\npay you a guaranteed amount each week for a stated number of weeks if you are\nhospitalized for sickness or injury, ...\n\n 
Yes, it is very possible that for whatever reason that did not get their copies of the 1099s.  First, verify that the withholding actually made it to your Indiana return.  I believe it should be on line 12 of your IT40 and the breakdown shows on Schedule 5.  If its there and you have the paper copy backups, you should be good to respond with copies of the 1099s breaking the withholding down.  There might be a little back and forth with the Dept of Revenue, but that should clear the matter up.Also, did you by any chance mail you return in originally and not include the copies of the 1099s?  A big difference between efiling and paper filing is when you paper file, you generally have to include a copy of w2/1099s with the return.  That could also be the cause of this issue.And, when it says that the interest compounds daily, that doesnt mean that you get charged 10% per day.  Its just a banking term.  Dont let that deter you from filing an appeal if you are in the right.  Here, is a good example I pulled from the internet.MoBank:Since MoBank compounds monthly, you are getting 5%/12 = .4166% every month. So, at the end of the first month, you will have 10,000 x 1.004166 = $10041.67. During the second month, you will be earning .4166% on $10041.67, not just $10,000. So at the end of the 2nd month youll have $10083.51, not $10083.34. This goes on for twelve months:$10,000 x (1 + .05/12)12 = $10511.62.DaBank:Since DaBank compounds daily, you are getting 5%/365 = .0137% every day. So, at the end of the first day, you will have 10,000 x 1.000137 = $10001.37. Using the same basic formula as above for 365 days:$10,000 x (1 + .05/365)365 = $10,512.67. 
To enter Foreign Earned Income (Form 2555) -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter a Foreign Taxes (Form 1116) -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click on the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 2555 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901203-what-are-forms-2555-and-2555-ez-used-forSee this TurboTax support FAQ on Form 1116 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc... 
That would be a question that you would need to ask on the TurboTax Canada website.  This is the TurboTax US website user to user forum.  Go to this TurboTax Canada website for assistance - https://turbotax.community.intuit.ca/tax-help
The card is mailed empty; when your refund is processed, it will be loaded on the card remotely.  The time is usually less than 3 weeks but there are many factors that can delay it if you are unlucky.First, make sure your tax returns were accepted.  If they were rejected (usually for technical reasons) you will have to fix the errors and re-transmit them. https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp Then, check the IRS refund site. Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  If the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateAfter the IRS site changes to refund sent with an amount and a date, your refund goes to SBTPG bank to deduct the Turbotax fees and card processing fees and load the rest on your card.  That should take up to 1-2 extra days but can be less.   If there are any problems (such as, your bank rejects the deposit from SBTPG, or your account number is wrong), then SBTPG will hold the refund until they verify your identity and mailing address, and then mail a check.    (The verification process is a new step this year because last year they were apparently tricked into sending some checks to the wrong people.) You may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com if you need more information.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nNote that State refunds are paid separately and have a separate refund tracking process.  Check your states tax web site.  State refunds are only sent from the state directly to your bank, an existing debit card, or paid by check, they cant be put on a new debit card that you ordered when you filed.
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
You need TurboTax Business (not Home & Business) to prepare a 1065 partnership return.You will include the K-1 forms that the 1065 produces on your own personal tax return.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/
You can view or print a 2015 tax return that has already been filed by downloading the PDF of the return.  You do not change anything in the 2015 online account if you have filed the tax return.  You can only amend the 2015 return to make changes to the originally filed return.  An amended return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.  If you want to run tax scenarios use the TurboTax calculator TaxCaster at this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/taxcaster/If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
This link should help you.  If you have further questions, please post back.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2954490-do-i-need-1095-a-if-i-m-covered-under-parents-health-insur... 
Only the IRS can tell you the status.  However they are processing an awful lot of information sent in regarding Marketplace Insurance right now.  Per the IRS, allow 6-8 weeks once they receive the information they requested. 
I would recommend calling in to TurboTax.  An agent will be able to help you determine if someone else has signed in to your account. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 
Using the Home and Business edition -\nClick on Business\nClick on Business Income and Expenses\nClick on Ill choose what work on\nOn Profit or Loss from Business, click the start or update button\nOn the next screen click on Add Another BusinessOn the next screen choose who owns the business - This business is owned by: 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Many, if not most states, do not allow you to arrange payment with the e-filing of your tax return, and you have to pay by sending a check or using the states own payment site._________________________________To Check your situation...log into your own tax account and download a new PDF copy of your tax return.Then open the PDF and look for the states Electronic Filing instructions sheet (NOT the Federal one)IF it was possible for you to arrange the payment with your e-filing, then the State Electronic Filing Instructions sheet will look like the picture below.....and if its there, check the routing and account numbers that you provided.
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If you did not receive the Form 1095-A from either healthcare.gov or one of the state marketplace exchanges and you obtained your health care coverage from either of these organizations, then go to this healthcare.gov website for information on how to obtain the Form 1095-A -  https://www.healthcare.gov/tax-form-1095/Once you have received the Form 1095-A then use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
Can I pay taxes once a year when I am self employed?You can, but if the result is you owe more than $1,000 at filing time, you would owe an estimated tax penalty.Is there any way I can just bring all my information in somewhere to a professional and have them help me out?\n\nTurbotax does not offer that service.  However, you can always find a local tax professional to advise you (and probably should, at least for the first year.) 
No, a 403(b) contribution does not get added back in calculating AMT. 
There are different types of  long term disability income. How it is treated for tax purposes, depends on the source of the income. Most long term disability income is fully taxable and is usually reported on a form 1099-R. You enter the income, in TurboTax, at retirement income and it goes on lines 16a & b of form 1040 (12a & b of form 1040A).Social security disability income (SSDI) only\nbecomes  taxable when added to sufficient other income. If you are\notherwise required to file a tax return, you do need to enter it in Turbotax\n(TT). TT will determine the taxable portion.Social security (including SSDI) becomes taxable when your income,\nincluding 1/2 your social security, reaches:Married Filing Jointly(MFJ): $32,000Single or head of household: $25,000Married Filing Separately and lived with your spouse at any\ntime during the tax year: $0\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nWhen\nTT prints out your return, it will provide you with the  IRS social security worksheet showing you how\nthe taxable amount was calculated. 
Some users have reported the same type of problem of the Form 8962 not being available after using the TurboTax procedure in the support FAQ.  You will need to contact TurboTax support for assistance with this issue.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.  They open at 8am Pacific time (11am Eastern time) Monday.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a prior year state return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2818027-how-do-i-amend-a-prior-year-state-return 
Education expenses that improve or maintain your skills for your current job are deductible as work-related expenses.  If you are self-employed, they would come off your schedule C.  If you are a W-2 employee, they are listed on form 2106 and are an itemized deduction subject to the 2% rule.Education expenses to qualify for a new job/career are not deductible as work expenses.Separately, education expenses may be eligible for the tuition and fees deduction or the lifetime learning credit.  These expenses do not have to be work related but they do have to be paid to a school that is accredited by the Federal Dept of Education to participate in student loan programs.  For some education credits you must also be enrolled in a degree-granting program. Turbotax can sort out the differences.You cant use the same education expenses both as a work expense and for the education credits, thats double dipping.  If you qualify both ways and have a choice, then schedule C is usually better than the education credits if you are self-employed, but the education credits are usually better than work-related if you are a W-2 employee. 
Will ordering a transcript help me determine when Ill get my refund?No, a tax transcript wont help you determine when youll get your refund. IRS transcripts are best and most often used to validate past income and tax filing status for mortgage, student and small business loan applications and to help with tax preparation.The best way to check on your refund is by visiting Wheres My Refund?. The codes listed on tax transcripts dont provide any early insight regarding when well issue your refund.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript-faqs
Alas, folks who have already received their refunds generally arent reading or posting on this Board nay more.If you havent received your refund or been contacted by us within 45 days from the date of the notice, you can call the IRS at the number provided on your notice.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/individuals/understanding-your-cp05-notice\n 
You cannot.  Amended returns need to be printed and mailed in and refunds only come via check (no direct deposit).  There is no option for TurboTax to pull the fees from an amended return refund.
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5479347 
If you paid for a\n2015 online return in one account, but have a locked return in another account,\nyou can phone TurboTax Support on Monday and ask them to unlock the 2014\nreturn.\n\nTo get a phone\nnumber for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link\nbelow.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be\nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The\nphone number will not display when they are closed.\n\nFAQ: \nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 \n\n\n\n\n\n 
Okay, I suggest you do the following:(1)  File a police report with your local police dept.(2)  File a complaint with your state banking authority.http://www.consumerfinance.gov/askcfpb/1637/how-do-i-find-my-states-bank-regulator.html(3)  Check your credit reports, as you may be the victim of Identity Theft. 
Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.If you sign onto your online account and land on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax returnTo enter taxes paid with an extension request - \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen choose the type of extension payment made and click on the start or update button 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
If you are using the TurboTax online editions where you had to create an account on the TurboTax website and a user ID, then you are using the 2015 tax year editions.  The online editions are only for completing a 2015 tax return.To complete and file a 2014 return using TurboTax you will need to purchase and download one of the 2014 desktop editions from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2014 return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
There is no tax treaty specifically for H1B (but there is a provision against double taxation) and you are a nonresident alien for 2015. Unless you are married, you will need to file a non-resident alien return, which is not supported by Turbotax.
See this TurboTax support FAQ on amending a 2012 return that was originally completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1910721-how-do-i-amend-a-2012-return-originally-filed-with-turbota...You will need to contact TurboTax support to get a Mac installation file for tax year 2012 pushed to your download account.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-numberNote:  If you are amending the 2012 for a tax refund the time to file for the refund has expired.  You have up to three years after the due date of the return to file for a tax refund.  For tax year 2012 you had to file on or before April 15, 2016. 
TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement. 
If you paid for a\n2015 online return in one account, but have a locked return in another account,\nyou can phone TurboTax Support on Monday and ask them to unlock the 2014\nreturn.\n\nTo get a phone\nnumber for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link\nbelow.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be\nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The\nphone number will not display when they are closed.\n\nFAQ: \nWhat is the TurboTax phone number?\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 \n\n\n\n\n\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
That's when they were actually due unless you have an extension.  But you can still mail it.  Actually you can still efile until Oct 15.  If you are getting a refund there is no penalty for filing late.  If you have a Tax Due the payment was still due by April 18 (May 16 for state) even if you file the return later.  Don't worry about it now. 
As Critters link shows, the number from box 11 doesnt necessarily show up on Schedule E.  As the TurboTax screen shows, you may need to manually enter it elsewhere in TurboTax (depending on what type of other income it is). 
What do you mean by last years return?   Are you referring to the most recent tax year--2015?  or 2014?   In any case, try this:If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to view/download/print a filed online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot to look for multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax and cant find your returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2955006-clear-and-start-over 
To avoid penalties, you must pay quarterly taxes at least equal to:the greater of:90% of your total tax (which you have to estimate)or100% of your total tax from the previous year.Because they assume the income is earned evenly over the year, It needs to be paid in quarterly (evenly) over the year unless you can show that the income came in unevenly.   Basically, you need to match the timing of your payments to the timing of the income if you dont follow the evenly earned pattern. This publication will tell you all you need:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf 
You apparently paid the fee in order to complete the return.  The TT online fee is for the preparation of your returns. E file is free. 
There is are taxes paid on the the funds transferred from your personal overseas account to your personal US account.  Nor is there any reporting requirement for the funds transfer by the IRS.
Try the Salvation Army and Goodwill websites. 
You dont complete the 8962, the software completes it for you once youve entered your 1095A into the program.  Here are the instructions for responding to the IRS letter requesting the 8962.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
The address will be on the cover page when you print the return. 
Go back through the vehicle interview and tell TurboTax that you converted the vehicle to personal use.Then when you do your 2016 tax return, you may need to report the sale of your vehicle (in the section where you sell Stocks, Bonds, Mutual Funds, etc.). 
If you reside in the United States, you cannot dodge the issue of state residency and tax domicile.  Each state has its definition of residency and taxation of income.  If you are not careful, more than one state might claim you as a resident and tax your income accordingly.California can be tough on residency determination.  Whether you are determined to be a resident or non-resident of California, your income earned in California will be subject to taxation by the state.  If a resident, then all your worldwide income will be subject to California income tax.  See the following passages and other information from FTB Publication 1031 at:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/forms/2011/11_1031.pdfGenerally, your state of residence is where you have your closest connections. If you leave your state of residence, it is important to determine if your presence in a different location is for a temporary or transitory purpose. You should consider the purpose and length of your stay when determining your residency.When you are present in California for temporary or transitory purposes, you are a nonresident of California. For instance, if you come to California for a vacation, or to complete a transaction, or are simply passing through, your purpose is temporary or transitory. As a nonresident, you are taxed only on your income from California sources.When you are in California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, you are a California resident. . For instance, if your employer assigns you to an office in California for a long or indefinite period, if you retire and come to California with no specific plans to leave, or if you are ill and are in California for an indefinite recuperation period, your stay is other than temporary or transitory. As a resident, you are taxed on income from all sources. You will be presumed to be a California resident for any taxable year in which you spend more than nine months in this state.Although you may have connections with another state, if your stay in California is for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, you are a California resident. As a resident, your income from all sources is taxable by California. 
If the business has profit, yes.On the screen immediately after entering your 1095-A from the Healthcare Marketplace, check the box indicating that you were self employed.  TurboTax will then give you the Self Employed Health Insurance Deduction. 
Turbotax can try and provide guidance on what IRS error codes mean, but it is ultimately the taxpayers responsibility.A rejection means that one or more parts of your return do not match the IRS database for your account in some way.  Examples include, your SSN doesnt match your name, or your SSN was already used, or you are claiming a dependent that was already claimed, or you did not include a required form.You can call customer service, they can do a screenshare and talk to you about your return to try and clear up the error. You would probably need a tax specialist (a level 2 call) if the first person cant help.Otherwise, you can always print and mail in your return.  Depending on what the problem is,, the IRS may send you a letter later to try and clear it up.Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Per the IRS, if you are living abroad and your care provider does not have a U.S. taxpayer identification number, enter LAFCP (Living Abroad Foreign Care Provider) in the space for the care providers taxpayer identification number.  If Turbo Tax does not allow this entry, you may not be able to e-file.  Instead, you will need to print your returns and hand-write LAFCP in the spot for the care providers I.D. number, then mail your return. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you used the online version for your daughter and you are mistakenly thinking that you can use her MA program for free to do your own state taxes, that would not work.  You need to pay for the state again to do your own return. 
It is deducted as ordinary income on Schedule E.  In other words, it will offset any other income that you have, such as W-2 wages or self employment income. 
If you were on medicaid for the entire year all you need to do in the Health Insurance section is indicate that you had health insurance coverage for the entire year.  Then when asked if you were enrolled in a plan from HealthCare.gov or a state marketplace exchange, you would answer No and click on Continue.  That will complete the Health Insurance section of the program.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Health Insurance\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
You should be able to see and print your 2013 donations, but it takes a little maneuvering.ItsDeductible only has room to display 4 tabs at the top:  HOME tab, plus 3 tab years.  Heres how to temporarily replace one of the tabs with an older year.Follow these steps:\nLog into ItsDeductible and click on the HOME tab.\nThen look down on that screen at PRIOR YEAR DONATIONS.\nThere is a dropdown menu to choose the older year that you want to view, such as 2013.\nThen click the blue VISIT button.  That should place the 2013 tab at the top and should open the 2013 Donations screen.\n\nOn the screen 2013 Donations, way down at the bottom left is a small blue link View Summaries.\nClick that link, and on the next screen Summaries, you can choose the PDF to view/download/print.  You can choose a particular category, or the choice Summary has all 4 categories in one document. \n\nSee screen images below: 
You dont need to forego all your itemized deductions on your federal return to avoid you state refund being taxable. Just dont include the anticipated refund amount in the amount of state tax you deduct. For example if you had $1000 state tax withheld and expect a $200 refund, only deduct the $800 you end up actually paying.Ive actually done this is the past. I would make a negative entry on schedule A, in case I ever had to prove it to the IRS. In the example above, deduct the full $1000, then show a -$200 entry and label it anticipated state refund. This takes a manual entry on line 8 of schedule A in the forms mode of TurboTax. This step is not a requirement, just a suggestion. 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) without realizing it and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.Once you find the right account, heres how to view/print/download the 2015 return:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463
Offset informationYou can get information on federal tax offsets, including a number to call for information in this IRS help topic:http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html 
Any amount that are transferred from one of your own accounts to another of your own accounts is just your own money moving about ... it is not a gift to yourself and is not to be reported as such (no matter where the money originally came from). 
I dont think the AC unit by itself  will fit the IRS definition of \n\nsubstantial addition to or major renovation ...General Sales Tax You Paid on Specified Additional ItemsEnter in the box provided any state and local general sales taxes paid on the following specified items. If you moved during the year, include the total for the year in that box.\nA motor vehicle (including a car, motorcycle, motor home, recreational vehicle, sport utility vehicle, truck, van, and off-road vehicle). Also include any state and local general sales taxes paid for a leased motor vehicle. If the state sales tax rate on these items is higher than the general sales tax rate, include only the amount of tax you would have paid at the general sales tax rate.\nAn aircraft or boat, if the tax rate was the same as the general sales tax rate.\nA home (including a mobile home or prefabricated home) or substantial addition to or major renovation of a home, but only if the tax rate was the same as the general sales tax rate and any of the following applies.\n\nYour state or locality imposes a general sales tax directly on the sale of a home or on the cost of a substantial addition or major renovation.\nYou purchased the materials to build a home or substantial addition or to perform a major renovation and paid the sales tax directly.\nUnder your state law, your contractor is considered your agent in the construction of the home or substantial addition or the performance of a major renovation. The contract must state that the contractor is authorized to act in your name and must follow your directions on construction decisions. In this case, you will be considered to have purchased any items subject to a sales tax and to have paid the sales tax directly.\nNote: These definitions may change from year to year.\n\n
Addendum:You didnt specifically say if you were due a Federal refund or if you owe taxes.   The 3-year statute of limitations you alluded to in your question is for refunds only.  If you owe Federal tax, then you should file and pay as soon as possible to avoid additional late filing and late payment penalties.******************************You can file a 2013 return now if you wish.  You dont have to wait until a particular date.   If you are due a Federal refund, then in order to receive the refund you have to file within 3 years of \nthe original due date of the return, or within 3 years of the extended due\n date, if an extension was properly obtained.  If you owe Federal tax, then you should file and pay as soon as possible to avoid additional penalties (see addendum inserted above.)It cannot be efiled.  It has to be printed and mailed.     The 2013 return cannot be prepared online.  You must install the 2013 software to prepare it.Do you have the 2013 desktop software (CD/download)?   If you dont have the software yet, you can purchase it from TurboTax as a download at the link below, or you may be able to find it at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/ 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have 3 options ...1) upgrade as suggested2) ignore the foreign taxes paid (remove them from the 1099-Div entry screen ... it is allowed by the IRS) if the tax credit of the amount in that box is less than the upgrade fee3) start the return all over using the FREEDOM version which is the version  you must have used last year since the TT upgrade requirements are the same this year as they were last year. The Freedom Edition is more\nfully-featured than the regular Free Edition.  The Freedom Edition can\nprepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that the Free Edition cannot.  It will\nprepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.\n\nA user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:\n\n        \nAGI of $31,000 or less\n\n        \nor active duty military (including Reservists and National Guard) with a\nmilitary-issued W-2 and a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less\n\n        \nor eligible for EIC (Earned Income Credit.)\n\n\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom\n\nHow to switch and start over (requires new account at the Freedom website)\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition\n\n\n\n\n\n 
A return that was amended on your computer using the CD/download version of TurboTax is stored on your computer. The file may either end in .tax or if you saved it that way, .pdf. The .tax file must be opened from within your 2014 TurboTax program. You cannot access a return using your online account for a file that was prepared using the program installed on your computer. 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
They may be deductible if the purpose for being there is for medical care. From\nIRS Publication 502:  You can\ninclude in medical expenses the cost of medical care in a nursing home, home\nfor the aged, or similar institution, for yourself, your spouse, or your\ndependents. This includes the cost of meals and lodging in the home if a\nprincipal reason for being there is to get medical care.\n\nDo\nnot include the cost of meals and lodging if the reason for being in the home\nis personal. You can, however, include in medical expenses the part of the cost\nthat is for medical or nursing care.\n\nAs\na general rule, most nursing home costs are deductible while only a portion of\ncosts at an assisted living facility would be. The facility can usually provide\nyou with a statement as to what portion are deductible.\n\n 
You need to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay particular attention to block 8. 
See this IRS website for the CP23 notice - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/understanding-your-cp23-noticeWe made changes to your return because we found a difference between the amount of estimated tax payments on your tax return and the amount we posted to your account. You have a balance due because of these changes.\nDid you pay estimated taxes in 2015 and enter those taxes paid into the TurboTax program?  Apparently the IRS is indicating that what was entered is not the amount received.\nYou can contact the TurboTax Audit Support Center for the notice you received from the IRS.  Support is open from 8am to 5pm Pacific time (11am to 8pm Eastern time).  Use this website for the Audit Support Center - https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Line 13 being larger than the smaller of line 2 or 12 generally means that you reported an excess HSA contribution for 2014 carried into 2015 and this excess was applied as a contribution for 2015.  This is the the smaller of Form 5329, line 43, or the excess, if any, of Form 5329, line 42, over Form 5329, line 44.See the instructions for line 43 of Form 5329 for further explanation:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i5329.pdf 
This is a TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online 
If she had any 2016 income prior to her passing, you may have to file a 2016 return for her in early 2017. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Here is the IRS change of address form.https://www.irs.gov/uac/form-8822-change-of-addressHere is the link to trace a missing refund.https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an...http://taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/get-help/lost-or-stolen-refund 
You would need to report the Geothermal Heat Pump system for the Home Energy Credit on your 2014 return if it was installed in 2014, not on your 2015 return.If you filed a 2014 tax return and did not report the system for the energy credit then you will need to amend the 2014 tax return.  An amended federal tax return, Form 1040X, can only be printed and mailed to the IRS, it cannot be e-filed.  If you used TurboTax to file the orignal 2014 return see this TurboTax support FAQ for amending the 2014 return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2589210-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2014-return-in-turbotax 
I agree, it seems like Massachusetts defines you as a Nonresident.  As such, you shouldnt need to file a Massachusetts tax return at all.http://www.mass.gov/dor/individuals/filing-and-payment-information/guide-to-personal-income-tax/resi... 
See this:http://incometax.utah.gov/filing/residency 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
TT cannot get a tax return that you filed with HRB. 
The TurboTax notice you received has toll free numbers for you to use to make arrangements on how to pay the fees you owe. 
I would just mail your federal return this year.  Yes she has to mail an amended return.  It will take 8-12 weeks or more to process the amended return and clear her exemption. 
In the dependent summary page click on the "Easy Guide" button. Go through the questions for each niece and if they arent supposed to qualify this year, Turbo Tax will tell you why they dont qualify. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on theWelcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You can deduct health insurance premiums if you pay them out of pocket. You cannot deduct them if they are paid pre-tax and withheld from your pay.Also, remember that only medical & dental expenses that exceed 7.5% of your total AGI are deductible. 
https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Archive/professionals/taxnews/2015/June/All_About_Business.shtml 
\n\nIf the loss was allowed on a prior tax return, it was used\nthen.  You can not use it now, even if\nyou did not benefit from the deduction that year.\n\nIf the loss is large enough to create a Net Operating Loss\n(NOL), that can be used in other years.  A NOL means your TOTAL income was\nnegative.  Line 41 on your Form 1040 would\nbe negative.  If that is the case, please\npost back with which years that Line 41 is negative, so we can give you further\ndirections.\n\nIf the loss was allowable on last years tax return, you can\nnot choose to not take it.  You must take\nthe loss on the tax return that you are able to.\n\nHowever, as Opus mentioned, if you have not filed a previous\ntax return, you do have the option to capitalize your Mortgage Interest and/or Real\nEstate Taxes (you can not do it on an amended tax return).  I dont know this for sure, but I suspect\nthat TurboTax does not have the option to do that.  You usually would NOT want to do that if you\nare receiving a tax benefit for the deduction. \nIf you do want to make that election, you would need to manually make\nthe election (on a separate piece of paper) and file your tax return by mail.  See this post for how to word that election: \n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2899874https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/26/1.266-1\n\n 
If you used the refund transfer service to pay your Turbotax fees from your refund, or get your refund on a prepaid debit card, then those account numbers were the ones supplied to the IRS.  Also, in some cases, certain brokerage houses automatically set your refund bank account to your brokerage account (forcing you to invest your refund with them) when you automatically download your 1099-B information.  You have the opportunity later to change it to something else, but people sometimes dont realize this.  (Its also dirty pool by the broker in my opinion.)If you print a copy of your tax return from your account, it will show the account number that was the ultimate destination of the money, which may not be the same as the number that was electronically transmitted to the IRS.  For example, if you used refund processing followed by direct deposit into your bank account, then your printed return will show your bank account number even though the number sent to the IRS was the account number assigned by the processor.  However, if you used a broker account, then that number will show on your printed return as the final destination of the money.)If you used refund processing, you may contact SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228 or go to their secure website www.sbtpg.com to check on your refund. 
You cannot file another return, you would have to amend your original return to add your unemployment information, amended returns cannot be efiled they must be mailed.  You should go back to where you had your taxes done, they can amend your return and there should be no charge.
It has been reported by others that it has taken 3 to 6 weeks on average ... sometimes longer. 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html
You do not have an issue ... you simply have what is called a ZERO income return and those cannot be efiled they must be mailed in.  In the FILE tab choose the main in return option to get the forms and instructions for this method.If you really want to efile the return then the workaround for this is to enter $1 of bank interest income and that will unlock the efile error. 
If you downloaded your software from TurboTax, you can access it for the years back to 2012. TurboTax no longer supports any years prior to 2012. Here is a link to access the downloads: https://turbotax.intuit.com/my-account.jspIf you purchased a CD from a source other than directly from TurboTax, load the program from the CD and update it. 
You would have to go back and amend your 2010 return:In Turbo Tax (for 2010), go to Deductions and Credits and choose "Explore on my own". Scroll down to Mortgage Interest. On the page "Enter your Mortgage Lender", be sure to click the boxes that apply, like:"This is a new loan on which I paid points (origination fees) in 2010"and"Im spreading the points (amortizing) over the life of my loan"On the next page, it asks for Box 1: just enter the amount (if any) and Continue. On the next page, you can enter your Points info.I hope this helps! 
Heres info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online 
Test received. 
Use this TurboTax website to verify that the tax return was e-filed and accepted by the IRS -https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
Amounts received for work performed while an inmate in a penal institution, in a work release program or while in a halfway house are not considered earned income when figuring the Earned Income Credit.https://www.irs.gov/credits-deductions/individuals/earned-income-tax-credit/earned-income 
See this TurboTax support FAQ on printing an extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th... 
He/she may be a “qualifying relative” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent…He/she is no one elses qualifying child…His/her gross income was $3,650 or less.  Social Security benefits that are not taxable do not count against this limit.…You provided more than 1/2 his/her support for the year.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year. 
Go to this TurboTax website for the Business Edition - https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/
If you repaid the amount within 60 days of the distribution, yes, indicate that it was a rollover. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
If the IRS is still processing your tax return, only they can tell you what the hold up is. You can try calling them at 800 829-1040. When you agreed to the option to have your fees taken from your federal refund, you agreed to pay those fees directly if your refund was delayed beyond a reasonable time period. I assume TurboTax has sent you an email saying that they are going to do that.If you want to talk to someone at TurboTax directly about it, you would have to contact them. To contact TurboTax directly, go to this link: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number?jump_to=answer_3300041When setting up a contact, refer to it as a billing issue. 
If you go to this Virginia web site and click on Online Services, you can look at the alternatives for free return preparation and efiling. Whether you qualify or not depends on whether you meet the requirements of each of the vendors. You may need to prepare your federal return again on these sites. 
See this prior answer to a similar question: https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365467-i-need-a-copy-of-my-tax-returns-for-2014-and-2013 
Yes and no.  I'll tell you about each one.Here's some differences between the Online version and the Desktop CD/Download program.Online web version is only good for 1 return, federal and state are separate charges,  It is free to start, you pay when you file or if you want to print.  Price is determined at the time you pay.  You can pay anytime like if you want to lock in an early discounted price. You can not see the forms until you pay and print them out.   Online versions do not have the same forms so you may need to use a higher version to enter something.   Online returns are stored online and after Oct each year you might not have access to it.  So you should save and download both  the .tax and .pdf files each year to your computer.  You can check out Online here,   https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/  The Desktop CD/Download program can do unlimited returns and you can efile 5 federal for free and Deluxe and above comes with 1 free state program download to prepare unlimited state returns but each state return (including the first one) is 19.99 (goes up to 24.99 in March) to efile or you can print and mail it for free.  You can see and enter directly into the actual forms.  Desktop has a What-If worksheet.  Your return is kept on your own computer so you will always have access to it in the future like if you need a copy or need to amend it.  And other features.  Oh, and you can use a lower version because all the Desktop programs have all the same forms. You can see the Desktop CD/Download programs here, https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/
If you pay the foreign health insurance premiums with out of pocket funds, just enter the total amount paid for the year in the Medical Expenses section of the program.  If you pay the premiums in local currency, you will need to convert to US dollars.  See this IRS website for average yearly exchange rates - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/yearly-average-currency-exchange-ratesTo enter your medical expenses -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Medical\nOn Medical Expenses, click the start or update button\n 
Travel expenses are not a deductible education expense. 
I filed my returns with foreign earned income exclusion for many years in the past, last time in 2008. At that time, I had to enter the income twice, once as wages without a W2, and also in Foreign Income section. But I just tried it with Turbotax 2015 and it is now much simpler. You only need to enter it in the Foreign Income section. Turbotax carries it into 1040 line 7 without a need for a dummy W2. 
The iPad app is just a portal to Turbotax online.  You can start online and finish on the app, or start on the app and finish online, as well as using the app only.  Since the hard work is done by the web site, it should not take up too much storage space on the iPad.  The software itself is only 64MB. 
Cholo9, you better download the instructions for Form 8839 it well give you all the information you need. 
Then you need to go back to the Personal info area and recheck all of the info for her, some of it may have been reset when you edited her info. Also, if you are using her for EIC, go through the EIC interview again. 
Yes. No.There is no age limit to pay SS when you are still working, whether or not you receive SS.SS is not deductible.On the good side, as you pay more into SS, SS will adjust your benefits (upward) to reflect the additional payments. 
Yes and no. The must generous credit, The American Opportunity Credit and its predecessor, The Hope Credit, do have a 4 time (4 tax years) limit. There is another  credit (Lifetime learning credit)  that can be used an  unlimited number of times; as can the tuition & fees deduction.So, if you (or your parents) have used the Hope/AOC 4times, you can still use the LLC 
Use Uninstall a Program in the Control Panel to remove unwanted software.but unless you have CDs for those years, you wont be able to reinstall early versions. 
For the next 2 weeks the call volume will be very high due to the overseas filers asking questions since their filing deadline is 6/15/16. To contact the IRS: \n\nCall the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr you may want to contact\na Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer\nAdvocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n 
The first injured spouse form should have been filed with the tax return OR after it had been processed.  By sending it  too early the form was probably ignored and trashed since there was no processed  tax return to connect it to.  Did your original return finish processing and did they keep the entire refund?  Did they send a letter notifying you that the return was kept and sent somewhere?  If so mail another copy of the 8379 form now.   Then you will wait at least 16 weeks for it to process.Only the IRS can tell you for sure what happened.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: "Refund", or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for "personal income tax" instead.Then press 1 for "form, tax history, or payment".   Then press 4 "for all other questions."Then press 2 "for all other questions."  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1Or you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Energy efficient building property is the right entry. The things described on this line include heat pumps when you look at the instructions for form 5695. 
Who owns the lamb? If you or your daughter own it, I dont see it as a deductible expense. Its basically for educational purposes. Shes not running a farming business.If you donated the lamb to the high school, and the school now owns it, you could deduct it as a contribution. You would need a receipt from the school for the donation. You also have to have given the school full ownership, with no restrictions, to use as they see fit. If you gave it to the school with strings attached, such as stipulating that your daughter has to have some use of it, then it is not a completed donation. 
Yes, it needs to be reported on your 2015 tax return.You enter the Roth contribution in the IRA contribution section and answer the follow-up question that you changed your mind and recharactorized the Roth contribution to a Traditional IRA.     If you qualify for a deduction the interview will ask if you want to deduct if or make if a non-deductible contribution.  The interview will ask for a statement for the reason for the recharactorization.     The 8606 form will be automatic if you choose to make it non-deductible.Enter IRA contributions here:Federal Taxes,Deductions & Credits,Ill choose what I work on (if that screen comes up),Retirement & Investments,Traditional & Roth IRA contribution.OR  Use the Tools menu  (if online version under My Account) and then Search Topics for ira contributions which will take you to the same place. 
If you are self employed  and have a small business you would have expenses pertaining to that work. You would need to have documentation on the business you have at home if Cra was to  audit you. If you are not self employed or and business owner you cannot claim theses expenses.
No. 2011 estimated taxes are paid separately and usually go to a different address than the tax return. You can use form 1040ES to do this. However, the 2011 form 1040ES does not seem to be available yet. Check the IRS website later for the form. ron. 
He may be able to claim you as a non-relative dependent but he will not be able to claim any education credit for you.Only the student or the relative of the student, when the student is a dependent of the relative, can claim the educational credit.You will have to meet all the requirements of a non-relative dependent for him to claim you as a dependent -To be a qualifying relative (i.e., a dependent),----- you must provide more than 1/2 of the individuals support----- they must not earn more than $3,700 in taxable income (social security doesnt count) in 2011----- they must not file a joint return with another----- If not an actual relative, they must live with you all 365 days of the year----- they are not a qualifying child of another taxpayer 
IF you were under 59 1/2 when you took the distribution, then it is subject to the early withdrawal penalty. 
Start by putting in a change of address form with the IRS ... https://www.irs.gov/uac/form-8822-change-of-addressThen check to see if they tried to mail the refund ...   https://www.irs.gov/refundsAnd if they did you can contact them to get it reissued....https://www.irs.gov/help-resources/tools-faqs/faqs-for-individuals/frequently-asked-tax-questions-an... 
If you did not reside in any ND school district, use code 54-000.http://min.midco.net/StateInstructions/www/instructions/ND_Codes.pdf 
If paper filing your state return Turbo Tax prints out all the forms that need to be sent. If e-filed and mailing in a check for amount owed. A voucher should print when you owe federal and / or state. 
Thank you for your question.You can buy, directly from the software, an additional return.Click on help button, chose additional return and purchase it directly on this page.This return will be available after the payment.Have a good day.
You can only do one return in the online version. You must set up a new account, with a new User ID and password. Or, pruchase or download the desktop version, which is good for up to 5 returns. 
Foreign earned income is reported on Form 1040 Line 7.  The exclusion is entered on Form 1040 Line 21 as a negative number.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
Did you get an IRS letter asking for it?   Did you follow these instructions ?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
No, there is no tax credit for that. 
To access the\nprior year return ... since you  didnt\nfile or pay for a 2015 program under the same \naccount that you used for the 2014 return ... then you have 2 options.\n\n1) Pay for the 2015\nprogram to unlock the prior year returns \n\n\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go straight\nto the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n\n\n \n\n\n  2) Contact TT\nsupport and have them unlock the return since you used another account for 2014:\n\n\nUse the following\nTurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is\nopen Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to\n5 p.m. Pacific \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call.\n\nThere will be some\npersonal information gathered so a case can be created for you. A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\n\n  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\n\nNote:  The Call\noption will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n
You can only deduct your 2011 losses on your 2011 tax return. 
I don't know the 2016 amounts so I am using 2015.  It will get you close.  Well for Single you get 1 personal exemption of 4,000 and the standard Deduction of 6,300 unless your itemized deductions are more.  So that would be 10,300 off your income.  95,000 -3,000 (capital Loss carryover) - 10,300 = 81,700 taxable income.  Tax on that is $16,225 + the $9,500 10% early withdrawal penalty.  Then subtract any withholding taken out of the withdrawal and that will give you the amount you owe.2015 Tax Table  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040tt.pdfYou can do an estimate this way,You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR go toFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button 
Unemployment Comp, right?  Enter it here (not in the W-2 section):Wages and IncomeExplore on My OwnOther Common IncomeGovernment PaymentsUnemployment 
I believe that there is nothing you can do about that. Assuming you are filing a schedule C (business) form, I believe that you will not have income to report, yet you will have valid expenses against that income. The net effect will be to significantly reduce your taxable income (and therefore your tax) for this year. 
I am assuming you may be asking about real estate taxes or mortgage insurance that was found on your mortgage statement last year but is not there this year.   In this case, you may want to contact your lender and ask them why this is the case. 
Are these the instructions youre following?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
For your local meals you may either use the per diem rate or the actual receipts. As long as there is a business purpose for the meals incurred locally, the per diem rate for your tax home may be used. You must keep records of the amount of the expense, the time and place of the meal, and the business purpose of the expense. You may only claim 50% as a deduction. 
You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.
The person that DOES NOT owe the debt is the injured spouse.  For example, if YOU owe $26,000 in student loans and are currently defaulted, your spouse is the "Injured Spouse" since the debt is yours.  If, however, the debt is owed by your spouse, you are the "Injured Spouse" because you are not the person that owes the debt. 
If the above maneuvers did not work, then see if this FAQ describes your issue, and below that I will tell you how to phone TurboTax Support for assistance.FAQ: Oops! We cant find the page you requested message when trying to download PDF return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4834380To get a \nphone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at \nthe link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be \nassigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
No you need to use the 2014 program to amend 2014.  Did you buy the CD?  If you bought the download you can download it again.  If you need to download your program..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901289-download-your-turbotax-software-purchase Access your downloads herehttps://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=download OR you can ask support for another copy.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Be sure to deduct sales tax you paid in Estimates and Other Taxes Paid.  Unfortunately, the alternative motor vehicle credit for a Prius has been phased out (due to number sold). 
Try using a different browser like Chrome or Firefox.  IE 11 has been giving some people problems. 
If you have filed the 2015 online return - \n\nWhen you sign onto\nyour online account and are on the Welcome Home screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on\nyour 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a\nstate).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you\nfiled.\n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, click on My\nAccount at the top of the\nonline program screen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Please see your previous Q&A re obtaining Mac software:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365849-i-would-like-to-amend-my-2014-taxes-however-i-am-having-a-... 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2763466-missing-form-2106-from-prior-year-return-forms 
This would be a Schedule D, capital loss transaction.To enter into TurboTax, type “investment sales” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the box below, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions. In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
For SE self employment tax - if you have a net profit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% SE Tax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it. So if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put you into a higher tax bracket.You must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Or here are the blank Estimates and instructions from the IRS..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 17, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms. You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state.To pay the IRS electronically See http://www.irs.gov/uac/Electronic-Payment-Options-Home-Page  If you didn't owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
I assume you are electing to file as a partnership or S-Corp and will be filing Form 1065, U.S. Return of Partnership Income or Form 1120, U.S. Corporation Income Tax Return.  If thats the case the K-1s sent out to each of you will reflect your pro-rata share of income.Tom Young 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4256128 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
You mean it shows a  zero? 
Calif FTB knows theyve messed this up for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtmlSee this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtmlIf yours is a different issue, please post back.
You used TT Free, not a paid version.  Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2942140-need-help-account-locked 
Skitz, easy is relative.  Some find it very easy, others dont. Its impossible to say how you would approach it. 
You use the word withholding, but it sounds like you made a payment directly to the IRS.  If so, you may have posted that in the wrong place on your tax return.Send the IRS a copy of your bank statement or credit card receipt for the taxes paid.  However, if there was an actual amount withheld, send them a copy of the 1099-R that shows that. 
You should have received a W-2G or 1099-MISC for the winnings.To report the W-2G go to Wages and Income, under Less Common Income, on Gambling Winnings click startTo report the 1099-MISC go to Wages and Income, under Other Common Income, on Income from Form 1099-MISC click start 
If no one can claim you, you must file a paper return via US Mail.There is no fix for this error, so it doesnt matter how many times you try to e-File.Make two copies one for your own records and one for the IRS.
Education expenses for K-12 are not deductible on your Federal tax return. 
Use the steps VolvoGirl provided above to open an already-filed online return back up.   NOTE:  Dont make any changes in your actual return, since changes are automatically saved and will overwrite your original return.  You may wish to download a backup copy first--just in case.Once the return is opened back up, you can go through the section W-4 and Estimated Taxes to \nfigure your customized 1040-ES quarterly tax payments.    There is also a place in \nthat interview to enter what you have already paid for 2016 (if \napplicable), and it will let you include any expected income changes or\n any other changes you have for 2016..\nFederal Taxes tab (or Personal tab in Home and Business.)\nSubtab Other Tax Situations\n\nScroll way down to last category Other Tax Forms\n\nFind topic Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes and click Start or Update.\nIf you need to adjust withholding, go through the W-4 interview.\n\nIf you dont need the W-4 (withholding) interview, you can skip that part and go to the 2016 estimated taxes interview.\nYou may get a screen that says Review your Estimates for 2016 and asks Do you want to adjust your income or deductions.  Say YES, so you can get to the additional questions.\nYou will go through a lot of screens asking about expected income and deductions.\nFinally, you will come to a screen that says Enter Payments You Expect to Make.\n\nThere are some boxes there that say Enter estimated tax payments youve already made for 2016.  \nNext screen will ask which method to use to calculate your 2016 estimated payments.\nNext screen will ask if you want to print vouchers.\n 
This number is coming from your current W-2s. It is used for comparison with state sales tax to see which gives you the bigger deduction. 
You can still use TT to file online until October. There is no penalty if you are due a refund. 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts
You are asking from TT Free. Federal is Free, but State is extra.  You can try here:www.taxfreedom.com(How would TT pay its employees if everyone got to use its products for free?) 
Also see if this FAQ pertains to your issue, and then below the FAQ I will tell you how you can phone TurboTax Customer Support.FAQ: Oops! We cant find the page you requested message when trying to download PDF return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4834380If those maneuvers in your other thread were unsuccessful, then to get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Only one person can claim an exemption for a dependent. 
When the IRS sends out a bill they indicate what changes were made.  What were the changes the IRS says they made to your return? 
You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
If IRS sent a 6-digit PIN to anyone on your return, you will not be able to e-File without it.If you cant find your tax return now, you are not logged in to the account you were using in April. 
This link should answer your question:http://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Does-Everyone-Need-to-File-an-Income-Tax-Return-/INF14399.html?_requestid=142516Thanks - Darrick 
Yes you can pay ahead of time.  In fact you have to pay before you can print or file.  https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302082 
See if this FAQ helps any:FAQ:  State Loop indicates TurboTax is up to date after updating but wont allow you to start your state returnhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4247963
No. P&T Disability means youre incapable of ANY gainful activity - not just jobs like you had. 
Sign onto your online\naccount using this TurboTax website -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/\n\nYou have to sign onto your 2015 online account\nusing the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use\nthis TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for\nan email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may\nhave used -https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf none of the user IDs received will access\nyour 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery\nwebsite, I dont know my email address or user ID\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions\ninstalled on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs\nwill be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does\nnot store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
A 401(k) is generally an employer-provided plan, and the deadline for 2011 contibutions was 12/31/2011.If you qualify, you can open a 2011Roth IRA until 4/17/2012. Roth contributions are not deductible, but may qualify for the Retirement Savings credit. 
Sorry you have to enter the W2 under Wages and not part of your schedule C.  They paid you as an employee and not an independent contractor.  You should ask them about it.  Does the W2 show taxes taken out? 
There have been recent problems with Californias processing of withholding.  They expect resolution.See the following service bulletin release by the California FTB about the problem:   https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml 
Form 8814 can only be used to include the interest and dividends that a child made in the parents return.  If his income was from wages reported to him on a Form W-2, you cannot include those wages in your return.  He must file his own return.As to whether you should claim him, the question is really CAN you claim him?  If you can claim him, even if you dont, he must so indicate on his return and he will not get the personal exemption for himself on his return.  His $10,000 income in and of itself does not disqualify him from being your dependent.  A child can be a “qualifying child” dependent if:…He/she is not filing a joint return with anyone else.…He/she does not file a tax return claiming someone else as a dependent… He/she is your son or daughter (natural born or adopted), stepchild, foster child, or a descendant (for example, your grandchild) of any of them, or your brother, sister, half brother, half sister, stepbrother, stepsister, or a descendant (for example, your niece or nephew) of any of them AND is younger than you…If you are not the child’s parent, your AGI must be higher than the AGI of either of the child’s parents…He/she is under age 19 at the end of the year, or a full-time student under age 24 at the end of the year, or permanently and totally disabled at any time during the year, regardless of age.… He/she must have lived with you for more than half of the year. There are exceptions for temporary absences, children who were born or died during the year, kidnapped children, and children of divorced or separated parents.…He/she cannot have provided more than half of his or her own support for the year.  IRS Publication 501 on page 20 has a worksheet to help in the calculation of support.…He/she is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico, for some part of the year. 
You should receive a Form 1099-R from the TSP.  It is entered under pensions and social security benefits. 
If you didnt save a PDF with all the worksheets last year then all you can get now is the return which is why you really need to save the return both ways every year right after the returns are accepted. If you have a .tax2014 file you could get the 2014 downloaded program to open it and see the breakdown.If you have your W-2 and other reporting forms you should be able to break out your income from the total (get your college bound student to help if needed ).If you dont have your tax reporting forms then you can get an income transcript from the IRS https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Make certain all errors have been cleared.  Click the Wrap-Up tab, keep going through the final Review Error Check until all errors are cleared.  Repeat the error check until you receive the "Congratulations screen.  Then you can move on.        ===========================================================Make certain all errors have been cleared.  Click the Error Check tab and click continue button, keep going through the final Review, Error Check until all errors are cleared.  Sometimes entering information on one form requires an entry on another form.  Repeat the error check until you receive the "Congratulations" message screen ..Error Check Complete.____ Congratulations!  We reviewed your federal return and found no errors..Information for data calculations is a very delicate process.  A  or some other character can stop the process.  Most entry fields have a mask that formats the input so you dont have to.  Enter One Thousand Dollars and eighty five cents as 1000.85.  DO NOT enter as $1,000.85. . Do not enter hyphenated names.  Characters like  ~ Tilde, \\ Backslash, " Ditto, # Number Sign/Pound, * Asterisk, ^ Caret, : Colon, ;Semicolon, @ At Sign,  etc.  In most cases Punctuation marks and delimiters are invalid. 
If your domicile (your permanent home) is in Maryland, then you retain your Maryland residency when working overseas.  If thats your situation, then do this:In the Personal Info section, click Edit next to your name and put MD as your state of residence.  Answer No to the question about living in another state.Then, in the Mailing Address & Phone Number section, enter the information you want the IRS to use in case they need to contact you.Military and other individuals whose domicile is in Maryland, but who are stationed or work outside of Maryland, including overseas, retain their Maryland legal residence.  http://forms.marylandtaxes.com/15_forms/resident_booklet.pdf 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Generally, a partnership or sole proprietorship is permitted to maintain a cash or deferred arrangement, and individual partners or owners are permitted to make cash or deferred elections with respect to compensation attributable to services rendered to the entity, under the same rules that apply to other cash or deferred arrangements.In the case of a partnership, a cash or deferred arrangement includes any arrangement that directly or indirectly permits individual partners to vary the amount of contributions made on their behalf.For the code "R" - see instructions - page 10 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1065sk1.pdfPayments made on your behalf to an IRA, qualified plan, simplified employee pension (SEP), or a SIMPLE IRA plan.The partnership reports guaranteed payments and 401k contributions on K1 - and the partner will report the deduction on his/her tax return - form 1040 line 28.1040 instructions :  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdfPub 560 :  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p560.pdf
With the extension, you are avoiding the 5% per month failure-to-file penalty until October 15. As Critter indicated, you are only liable for the failure-to-pay penalty and interest.  However, you may also be subject to an underpayment penalty as well if your tax liability this year than last year, and you owe a significant amount. 
If you are reporting self employment income and have a net profit there are self employment taxes that you are required to pay which cover the Social Security and Medicare taxes.  Schedule SE is generated by the program for the taxes.  The taxes are reported on Form 1040 Line 57.  If your income has been excluded for federal income taxes then Form 1040 Line 43 should be zero.
Youve posted in a community user forum.  We can tell you how to access your Max benefits, including Priority Care.Heres more info on Max:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924462-what-is-maxHeres how to use your Max Benefits:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924453-how-do-i-access-my-max-benefitsAnd heres how to use Priority Care for your tax questions or product questions:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924461-how-do-i-contact-you-through-priority-care 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the error you are receiving - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Since you plan to be in NY for over a year, and can't be a dependent on your parent's return, you're apparently a NY part-year resident beginning Sep 2016. See Tax Home at https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463/index.html Generally, the only taxpayers who can keep a Tax Home where they don't live for over a year are on military/government assignment ,,, 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Yes - so long as you have saved the return you can go back in and print the return after you have filed 
Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay. 
What type of equipment, and how did you enter it?If AC/heat pump, cost is entered under "Energy-efficient building property". Max credit $300.Furnace or water heater, max credit is $150.Advanced main air circulating fan, max credit is $50.If you system has multiple qualifying components, you need to split up the cost. 
You need to fill out Form 8889 Part II.  That is the form to report both the distributions and the qualified medical expenses.  If you did not do that, then the IRS sends a notice.  They dont know what your expenses are unless you tell them by reporting it on the correct form and attaching it to your return.  In response to the notice, send the properly filled out 8889. 
You can, but you must pay the TT state fee in order to print that return. 
A Form 1095-B is not entered on a federal tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920030-what-is-form-1095-bIf your medical expenses and your other itemized deductions are less than the standard deduction for your filing status, there is no need to amend the tax return.Health care insurance premiums and other medical expenses that you paid with out of pocket funds are an eligible medical expense that you can deduct using Schedule A for itemized deductions.  However, only your total medical expenses that are greater than 10% of your Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) can be deducted if you are under age 65.  If you are age 65 or older the AGI limit is 7.5%.  Your total itemized deductions must be greater than your standard deduction for your filing status to have any tax benefit.Standard deductions for 2015 \nSingle - $6,300 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Separately - $6,300 add $1,250 if age 65 or older\nMarried Filing Jointly - $12,600 add $1,250 for each spouse age 65 or older\nHead of Household - $9,250 add $1,550 if age 65 or older\n 
If you paid for desktop software for 2015, then your online account doesnt know that.  Youll need to phone TurboTax Customer Support and tell them about your 2015 download purchase from Amazon and ask them to unlock your previous returns.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
I suggest you see a local professional about all this, as there may be legal as well as tax considerations.  When foreign funds are involved, one must be careful to avoid money laundering concerns. 
To prepare a prior year tax return, you must buy and download the software and install it on your computer. The return must be printed, signed and mailed after you prepare it. Prior year returns cannot be efiled. Here is a link to buy the 2014 program for download: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/
Im not sure what youre trying to carryforward.  here are the instructions for getting that 8962 and Page 2 for IRS.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5239521 
There are a couple of reasons that the state taxes might not have been submitted.  They could have been rejected and you need to fix something, or if you submitted federal first without a state, then the state is placed on hold until the federal is accepted, then you can log in and transmit the state return.  You can log back into your account and click the File tab, then check status.  You should have the opportunity to fix an error or transmit a delayed return.  You can also print the return and mail it in, if there is an error you cant fix.  Click the personal tab to exit the filing interview, then click File to start over, and select print and file by mail.if you want to call customer support, Customer support hours are given below. To contact support, use this web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
Are these the instructions youre following?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
The online version is only good for one return (Did you use the CD version last year?). You must set up a new account with a new user ID and password for your Mom.  If her return is simple, the Federal Free version should be okay. 
If you are the non custodial parent make sure you are only trying to claim her as a dependent ... not as a HOH qualifier or for the EIC. Briefly,\nthere are 5 tax benefits of having a child dependent: Dependent exemption,\nchild tax credit, dependent care credit, head of household, and eligible for\nEIC. The tax code assigns all 5 benefits to the parent who has custody more\nthan half the time.  Custody is defined as where the child sleeps at\nnight.  (If the child is on a sleep over of a camping trip etc, the day is\ncounted toward the parent where the child would have slept if not for the event\nin question.)\n\nSo for\nthe IRS there is no 50% custody, you have to count nights, and one parent will\nalmost always have more than the other.  If for some reason the # of days\nis exactly equal (like in a leap year, 366 days, exactly 183 nights for each\nparent) then the tax benefits are assigned to the parent with the higher\nincome.\n\nIf the\ndivorce decree says that the non-custodial parent (parent with less than 50%\ntime) gets the dependents in a certain year, the custodial parent must fill out\nand sign a copy of form 8332 and give it to the other parent, this releases the\ntax benefits to the other parent.  However, the form 8332 only transfers the dependent exemption and the child tax\ncredit. Eligibility for Head of Household,\nDependent Care Credit, and EIC always stays with the custodial parent and cannot be transferred.\n The only way to transfer all 5 tax benefits from one parent to the other\nparent is to arrange the childrens sleeping schedules so that the desired\nparent qualifies for the particular year.\n\nIf you\nare the custodial parent, then in the years when you give your ex the form 8332\nallowing him or her to claim the dependent exemption and child tax credit, you\ncan still qualify for EIC, Head of Household and the Dependent Care benefit.\n You do this by carefully answering the questions in the dependent\ninterview in turbotax by saying yes you have a dependent, and yes you are\nsigning a form 8332 to allow the ex to claim the exemption.  Turbotax will\nassign a special status to your children of Non-dependent, use for HOH\nand EIC. 
Not sure how you missed it in the Other Common Business Expenses section of the Sch C business area so go back and look again for the Contract Labor heading.... 
Here is the statute of limitations for Georgia:\n\nThe Department of Revenue normally has three years in which to \nassess additional tax. However, if a claim for refund is filed within \nthe six-month period, before the close of the statute of limitations \nperiod, the period of assessment is extended for six months beginning on\n the day the claim for refund is filed.\nIf the taxpayer has omitted more than 25% of the gross income from the return, the limitation is six years.\nIn the case of fraud or if the taxpayer fails to file a return, there is no time limit.\n\nhttps://dor.georgia.gov/statute-limitations\n 
If this is in response to the IRS\nletter you didnt really need to amend the return as much as just correct the\none you filed by adding the missing 1095-A info and printing off the forms\nneeded. \n\nFirst undo the amendment ....\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552802-how-do-i-cancel-or-undo-an-amended-return-in-turbotax-online \n\nThen follow these instructions ...\n\n\n\nLog back into your return by clicking\non Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click\non add a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click\non the Health Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the\n8962 questions.\n\n \n\nHere is how to enter your information\nfor 1095-A form:\n\n Under the Personal tab, select the\nHealth Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did\nyou have health insurance coverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage all year\n(since this was your situation), and Continue.\n\n When asked, Was\nanyone enrolled in a plan from a Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What\ntype of plan were you enrolled in?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to enter your\n1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click\non the Review tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click\non My Account > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print\noff the form 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send\nthe signed page\n2 of the form 1040, the 1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page\n2\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If Dad did not have a basis in the fund (money he put in after tax) it is all taxable to you. 
you are allowed to report a childs interest & dividends on your return. But, if he has capital gains or losses, youll have to file a separate return for him .If he does not have a net positive investment income of at least $950, he may not be required to file a return (see full rules below). But you may want to file anyway, for two reasons:1.  if the 1099-B amount is large, it could trigger an IRS inquiry2. If he has a capital loss carry forward, the most accurate way to calculate it is to prepare a tax return (you should prepare one even if you dont file it)If your dependent child is under age 18 (or under 24 if a student), he or she must file a tax return for 2011 if he had any of the following: 1.\tTotal income (wages, salaries, taxable scholarship etc.) of more than $5,800.2.\tUnearned income (interest, dividends, capital gains) of more than $950.3.\tUnearned income over $300 and gross income of more than $950 4.\tHousehold employee income (e.g. baby sitting, lawn mowing) over $1700 ($5800 if under age 18)5.   Other self employment income is over $400 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Go back through the interview questions for foreign income. There is one question that asks if you want to exclude the income or not. Alternatively, you could enter dates that would not qualify for the exclusion. Just note, that if you used the exclusion in the past and want to stop using it, you have to revoke it and wont be able to use it for the next 5 years. 
Please see this:https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html 
I dont see how it can be passive income, but lets see what the SuperUsers think. https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/passive-activity-loss-atg-chapter-3-pa... 
You need to claim the rent as income and you can deduct the repair expenses during that time, and expenses to get the property ready to rent. 
If you are a partner then you should get a schedule k-1 from the partnership return and not a 1099Misc.  If you got a 1099Misc then you are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under…..Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Income & ExpensesThen Profit or Loss from Business click Start or Update.You use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax. After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for 2010 Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment….http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You are in Basic.  Basic is not the free one.  Only the Free Edition is free for federal.  To go back to a lower version or the Free Edition you have to abandon this account and start over with a new account and user name and re-enter all your info.  And you wont be able to transfer from last year. 
Earned income.   Earned income includes wages, salaries, tips, other taxable employee compensation, and net earnings from self-employment. A net loss from self-employment reduces earned income. Earned income also includes strike benefits and any disability pay you report as wages.Generally, only taxable compensation is included. For example, foreign earned income and Medicaid waiver payments you exclude from income are not includedhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p503/ar02.html 
You can delete your return before filing, and you wont be charged.  However, you will have to pay the fee if you want to print it. 
Technically, you cant amend to claim the depreciation now.  You need to file Form 3115 with this years tax return to catch up on the depreciation.  However, TurboTax does not support that form, so you may wish to go to a tax professional this year to file that with your tax return.
If you are overseas and past April 18, you cannot e-file an extension.  You need to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay particular attention to block 8. 
http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=96596,00.html?portlet=106 
Try going to Print & File > File a Return > File by Mail. 
Delaware gets the first crack at taxing your Delaware-source income and Virginia will give you a credit for the tax paid to Delaware. The credit will be no more than the tax on that same income in Virginia. All of your income from any source is reported on your Virginia tax return, because you are a Virginia resident.That is the general scheme of things when more than one jurisdiction is involved, internationally as well as between states. That way, there is no double tax. The net effect is that you end up paying the entire tax once at the rate imposed by Delaware or Virginia, whichever is higher.In your case, however, I dont know whether or not you actually have any Delaware-source income. You say you are a business consultant. Where are you physically located when you perform those services? I am not familiar with Delawares rules regarding source of income in such a case, but my guess is that it would be related to how much time you spend actually visiting clients in Delaware or working out of an office physically located in Delaware.One other factor, potentially, is that some states, typically neighboring states, have agreements with each other that supersede the general rules described above and generally make things simpler and more convenient. So you should determine first whether or not there is any such agreement between Virginia and Delaware. 
To report foreign tax paid in TurboTax:\n\nClick My Account (Top right of your screen).\n\n\nSelect Tools.\n\n\nIn the pop up window, select Topic Search.\n\n\nIn the search bar, type in foreign tax paid.\n\nHighlight it and select GO, and follow the prompts 
nk00, your state taxes owed will not be taken out of your federal refund. The screen you are referring to is the refund summary, it is for informational purposes only. It merely estimates what your combined refund will be, it does not actually subtract or add one to the other. You will still need to pay your state taxes due, nk00. I hope this answers your question, but let me know if you need any more help. 
I have not tried it, but this should be straightforward in Turbotax. You are entitled to use the Head of Household status in your case, and Turbotax should allow it even if you say you are married in the personal information  section. You may need to override the program.  However, there are other considerations:1. You do not mention if you file form 2555. This can save you a substantial amount off your tax bill, but it makes the return more complex, and form 1116 will require an additional calculation of disallowed credit. But I strongly recommend filing it, if you do not do so already. Turbotax has been awkward in handling Foreign Income and form 2555, but it is doable. I have used it successfully for a number of years in the past, but not in the last five years.2. If your wife has little or no income of her own, you should treat her as a resident for tax purposes. This will allow you to file a joint return, taking advantage of lower tax rates, and a higher standard deduction. 
The TurboTax article on this is fairly poor.Although its somewhat unusual to receive a W-2 for Qualified Dispositions - companies are not allowed to deduct reported Qualifying Disposition income - the sale of the stock acquired via an ESPP certainly can create compensation income and reporting it as such on a W-2 does happen.The amount of compensation created by the sale is the lesser of (1) the excess of the fair market value of the share at the time of such disposition or over the amount paid for the share under the option, or(2) the excess of the fair market value of the share at the time the option was granted over the option price.I can only assume that the company understands this and that the stocks price at the grant date was higher than its price at the date of exercise.  If thats the case then you report that W-2 income on line 7 of Form 1040 and also add this amount to your actual out of pocket cost to calculate the gain on sale.Tom Young 
If you used the CD Version, they would be on your hard drive with names ending in *.tax . 
Sign back into your Turbo Tax online account.From the Welcome Back screen, select Visit My Tax TimelineSelect the year from your Tax TimelineFrom the list of Some Things You Can Do on your Tax Timeline, select Download /Print My Return (PDF) 
medical expenses (like money paid to marketplace) go on Schedule A itemized deductions, and you should enter both the 1095A and C info exactly as it appears on your forms when prompted by TTax.  I am unsure if TurboTax automatically carries the 1095A expense to Schedule A, but after you enter the A jump to forms and see if that expense is listed (the total money out of your pocket). 
Yes.  She needs to fill out a schedule C for business.  Unless she has a separate business set up and needs to do a 1065 Partnership or LLC return or a 1120 S or C corp business return.  Then you would also need to buy Turbo Tax Business for a 1065 or 1120 return.Otherwise for self employment, sole proprietor, independent contractor, etc. she just files schedule C in your personal 1040 return.  First of all,  If you buy the Desktop CD or Download Software any version will handle it but you will get more help in Home & Business.For the Online versions...........You can use Deluxe or Premier if you have very limited expenses such as supplies less than $100.   If you have more complex situations and/or higher expense amounts you will have to upgrade to the Home and Business product to fill out the full schedule C.  I can tell you how to enter it the lower versions.You use your own name and ssn or business name and EIN if you have one.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is At Risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3%  Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax.  The Schedule SE will be automatically filled out for it.After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed
To qualify for EITC, you and your spouse, if filing a joint return, must have a Social Security Number (SSN) issued by the Social Security Administration that is valid for employment. Any qualifying child listed on the Schedule EIC must also have an SSN that is valid for Employment 
Just paying the TT fees does not file the return.  Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
Enter the numbers from your K-1, Item K, Partners share of liabilities at year end. 
Only if you are the other parent of the child.  You can claim an unrelated person, but that person must have lived with you the entire year (all 365 days) to qualify.If you are the other parent, then your child born during 2011 would be considered to have lived with you all year and you could claim as a Qualifying Child. 
If you did not use a business name and instead used your individual name, your name control will be the first four letters of your last name 
If you had a balance due the the State can and does bill you for underpayment penalties based on when the return was accepted and the payment was made.  Nothing you can do but pay the fee timely.
Child and dependent credits and deductions can be very complicated.You may want to enter or review the dependent information in the "Easy Guide" sequence for entering dependents.  Under the Personal Info tab.  Also use the Easy Guide in the You and Your Family section. Please use The EITC assistant on IRS.gov website and Publication 596 both are very thorough and easy to follow. Since you have all of your information, you should be able to solve the issue by using those resources. There is a very good reference chart available athttp://www.eitc.irs.gov/central/childbenefit/The IRS website has an EITC assistant to find out if you should claim it.http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=130102,00.htmlAlso a complete guide with examples and the earned Income Table. Very easy to follow.Also see IRS Publication 596 – Earned Credit(EIC)http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p596.pdfSchedule EIC Earned Income Credithttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040sei.pdfOther references for Child and Dependent deductions and creditsIRS Publication 501 – Exemptions, Standard Deduction and Filing Informationhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdfhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf    Page 20 for Worksheet for determining supportForm 8332 – Release/Revocation of Release of Claim to Exemption for Child by Custodial Parenthttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8332.pdfIRS Publication 504 – Divorced or Separated Individualshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p504.pdfIRS Publication 972 – Child Tax Credithttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p972.pdfIRS Publication 503 – Child and Dependent Care Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p503.pdfIRS Publication 17 – Your Federal Income Taxhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p17.pdf 
First ... is there only one CPA in your neck of the woods?  If there isnt  then fire him and hire another. Next ... if you are going to be your own tax preparer you have to do your own homework ... the TT program will not do everything for you although there are many help tips and directions as you go. \n  \nFor the Self Employment Uber income it is best to use the Home & Business version of the program which will walk you thru the Sch C data entries in detail. If you have net self\nemployment income of $400 or more you have to file a schedule C in your\npersonal 1040 return for self employment business income. You may get a 1099-Misc\nfor some of your income but you need to report all your\nincome.  So you need to keep your own good records. Here is some\nreading material\n\nIRS information on Self Employment.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center \n\nPublication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf \n\nPublication 535 Business Expenses\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf \n\nThere is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle\nyou can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....\nhttp://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed\n\n\nSelf Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated\nif a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule\nC.  You pay 15.3% for 2014 SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit\ngreater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the\nemployer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So\nyou get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to\ntake off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the\n1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your\nrefund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in\naddition to your regular income tax on the net profit.\n \n\n\nPAYING ESTIMATES\nFor SE self employment tax - if you have a net\nprofit (after expenses) of $400 or more you will pay 15.3% for 2015  SE\nTax on 92.35% of your net profit in addition to your regular income tax on it.\nSo if you have other income like W2 income your extra business income might put\nyou into a higher tax bracket.\n\nYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments\nfor the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:\n- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax\nfor the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. \n \n- 2. You expect your withholding and credits to\nbe less than the smaller of: \n    90% of the tax to be\nshown on your current years tax return, or \n  100% of the tax shown on your prior\nyears tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n  \nAs for the Employee business expenses :  \n  \n    As an employee, you may be able to deduct certain unreimbursed expenses that the IRS considers ordinary and necessary to do your job. That would include things like:\n    \n        Union dues\n        Tools\n        Dues or subscriptions to professional societies\n        Licenses\n        Travel and meals for business, including DOT per diem\n        Home office 
The 1040ES is for estimated payments TOWARDS your 2016 return NEXT year.  Not to pay this year's tax.  So next year when you fill out your tax return be sure to enter any estimated payments you made on this form 1040ES. 
TT does not control the date of your refund.  Thats the IRS or your state. Please read this:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.html 
As a resident alien you are required to file the FBAR form and report both the accounts you mentioned. your wife would need to file her own FBAR if you are not the co-owner of her savings account. Is that <15000 Rupee? You do have to report foreign interest income and will need to amend your prior returns if you havent, but you need to convert any non-USD amounts to USD.
Greetings and thanks for choosing TurboTax! If updating fails, visit this link to help identify and solve your issue: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12056.html You can also manually download and install federal updates from the following link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12430.html Or, you can order the free update CD by visiting this link: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/go/GEN12489.html 
That was based on the code in box 7 that you entered on your 1099-R from 2010.  You should pull out your 2010 forms and review them.  401k to traditional IRA should have code G in box 7.  If it is anything other than that, you might want to get in contact with your account representative and make sure everyone is on the same page about the transaction. 
You can select "Other - not on above list" from the drop-down list if there is nothing else you can choose. 
If you earned income as an independent contractor, you must report your income on Schedule C. You may claim business expenses incurred in earning your income as an independent contractor. To be deductible, a business expense must be both ordinary and necessary. An ordinary expense is one that is common and accepted in your industry. A necessary expense is one that is helpful and appropriate for your trade or business. An expense does not have to be indispensable to be considered necessary. Please click the link below for information on deducting business expenses.http://www.irs.gov/publications/p535/index.html 
One biggest frustrations Ive every had. (Windows 7) More than 2 hours. I got an easy fix from another poster but that way wasnt quite right. Here goes: Click start button. In search progams box type user account. Click user accounts at top. Click Change user account control settings. Click yes to allow Microsoft to make changes. Move slider to always notify and click okay. Now get your state. It worked for me! Good luck and be blessed. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Tax year 2015 is the current year available using the online editions.  If you completed and filed the 2015 return, paid for the Plus edition or higher and used the same user ID in 2015 as you used for the prior online tax returns, then follow this procedure -You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
As you can tell from our queries, your question is not clear. Starr by checking your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp 
You can use the following: TurboTax Federal Free Edition: Free to Prepare, Free to Print, Free to EfileFor details, look here:http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/free-edition.jsp 
This is an income tax forum. Legal questions must be asked of a licensed attorney in your state. 
You might want to check and see if you are a victim of identity theft, ie. someone may have submitted a tax return using your identity. Just a thought... 
No, you can not. Property settlements in a divorce are not reportable or deductible. 
No they cant claim you since your were not a student at least part of 5 months in 2011 and you earned more than 37000. 
You can get a free transcript from the IRS:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcript
I understand what you are saying. A expense can only be deducted one time. But you are useing the Cobra expences as a reason not to pay the 10% early distribution penality,which is permissible. The amount of your medical insurance could be excluded from the 10% penality. Form 5329 reason code 07. You can also use the expense as a Schedule A Medical Deduction. 
Open your return, and then go here to check (but do NOT change anything):To enter your child care deductions in TurboTax please go to: \nFederal Taxes tab\nDeductions and Credits\nExplore On My Own\nscroll down to You and Your Family\nthen, Child and Dependent Care Credit\n
The custodial parent almost always gets the dependency exemption.  That would be you in 2010.  However, you need to be cognizant of what your divorce decree says.  If it says that she gets the exemption, then you have a conundrum.  The IRS doesnt really care nor have to follow what the divorce decree says but, on the other hand, you dont want to tick off some judge if your ex presses the issue.  You may have to talk to her about this or consult with your legal counsel.Regardless of how the dependency exemption is resolved, your ex cannot take the Child and Dependent Care Credit because the child did not live in her home more than 1/2 the year.  Only you are potentially eligible for that and you dont have to claim your daughter as a dependent to get it. 
You will have to create a new account with a new unique user ID for another tax return using the online editions.  The same email address can be used for up to five separate online accounts.  The online editions are only for completing one tax return per account and user ID.  Go to this TurboTax website and create a new account - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ 
See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3343558-foreign-tax-credit 
Sounds like it is saying you file with a duplicate ssn.  A duplicate ssn means that a social security number in your return is on your return twice or it has already been used on another return already filed probably by mistake. Check under personal info and make sure each ssn is only used one time. Maybe you entered one twice.   If you dont find it in your return you will have to mail your return and let the IRS sort it out and determine who is entitled to claim that ssn.  They will send you both letters.Someone else may have typed your number by mistake.  Its a common error.  See this for error 0507 Dependents SSN can not be used twice��.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Efile-status/Error-0507---The-dependent-s-social-security-number------When-Checking-E-filing-Status/SLN12029.html See this for error 0515 Your SSN can not be used twice��.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Efile-status/Error-0515---Your-Social-Security-number-cannot-be-used-more-than-once-in-the-return----/SLN44952.html?_requestid=234550 
mailsathya.d:Did the IRS say they had paid (sent) the 2014 refund?When you choose to have the TurboTax fees paid out of your refund, that is handled by an intermediary company (SBTPG--Santa Barbara Tax Products Group) who assigns an account and routing number for the intermediary bank to first receive your funds.  Your funds may be tied up at the intermediary company that handles that.Even though you paid the fees separately by another method, your refund still goes through SBTPGs bank because thats how your refund was originally set up, using one of their two banks.  If the second direct deposit from SBTPGs bank to your bank failed, it should have bounced back to SBTPGs bank, who should have mailed you a check.You can call SBTPG Customer Support to see what you can learn about your 2014 refund.SBTPG Live Taxpayer Support     \t 1-877-908-7228Try that approach first.  If you cant get it solved at the SBTPG level, call TurboTax Customer Support for further assistance.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You need to wait to see if the return is accepted or rejected. If the return is rejected then you can make the corrections and refile. If the return is accepted and you want to make changes then you need to file an amended return. If you elect to file an amended return then wait until you have paid any taxes due or received any refund due and then use TT to generate a 1040X and mail it to the IRS - you cant efile an amended return.See this for more information.http://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/IRS-Tax-Return/Amending-Your-Income-Tax-Return/INF12058.htmlCopies of all 1099-R forms are sent to the IRS. Later this year the IRS will attempt to match the 1099-R form it receives for you with your return. If there is no match you can expect a  letter from the IRS in 9 to 12 months telling you that you owe additional taxes, interest, and perhaps penalties. 
dont understand how you are getting double taxation ---- your US return is based only US sourced income ( what you did before coming to the USA does not involve USA). However, once you have been admited into the USA under visa,  you are treated as a resident for tax purposes and so your world income  comes under the purview of the US tax system --- US operates its tax administration on residency basis.  Please provide more details as to what income did you enter into TurboTax for the two months that you worked in the USA -- also is this your first time into USA or did you spend a total 186 days in the last three years including 2015?  Please elaborate
Yes, based on what you have said here, you can claim your brother as a dependent because you provided over half of his support, and his income was less than $3700 during 2011. 
Your questions far exceed the capabilityof this forum to supply an affirmative andcorrectanswer. Dual citizenship and transnational working situations can be very gnarly to resolve. It would bewise to consult a tax professional who is familiar withCanadian/U.S. tax filings.
They would not have received a payment.  They would have initiated the payment themselves after receiving your banking info.  You would have to call to double check the bank info and see if they had a problem processing the withdrawal 
Simply respond to the letter with a note saying you disagree and attach a copy of the proof of payment. 
Yes, its a mistake.I suspect that in 2012 you accidentally entered that it was rented 38% of the year (which is the wrong way of entering it), and unless you go in to edit the asset the next year, it would carry that number over from year to year.You should go back and amend your prior tax returns.  Unless you filed for an extension in 2012, that is now past the date to amend, but you can amend the other years to receive the tax benefit of the proper depreciation.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1894381-how-to-amend-change-or-correct-a-return-you-already-filed
Hi!Most likely the easiest way would be to get a Google Voice telephone number. You would need a free Google GMail account, and you would associate the Gmail account to the Google voice number. There are Google Voice apps for Android and iPhone which would allow you to make and receive phone calls on your phone. A second way would be to set up a Skype account where you would associate your Google Voice number to your Skype account and then you can make and receive calls thru Skype. Hope this helps. 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
2012 donations can only be reported on your 2012 tax return.  If you start a 2013 return using a 2012 data file, the only thing that will transfer is charity names.  You then have to enter 2013 donations separately. 
you have a shared policy allocation issue since your tax family only includes those for which you claimed an exemption.  in other words you cant take any PTC for your 21-old. thus 2b would be $0 (hes not your dependent) and line 9 has to be checked yes.  you must then complete part 4.  your 21 year-old may have to file an amended return as a result.  Turbotax should be able to handle the calculations 
If you set up a direct deposit then it will go there...if the account is no longer active, IRS will receive notice and send it to the address on file. 
You deduct real estate property tax in the year that you pay it, regardless of what year it is for. 
It is your employer payroll that needs to put you in the state of CA for state withholding.In any case, if you are in a hurry use your current mailing address in CA. You can update it again when you move. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
TurboTax also has another free product called the FREEDOM\nEdition (not to be confused with the regular Free Edition).  It has free\nFederal preparation and free State\npreparation. There is no efiling fee.The FREEDOM Edition can handle a 1099-MISC.The Freedom Edition is more fully-featured than the regular Free\nEdition.  The Freedom Edition can prepare Schedule A, C, D, E, and F that\nthe Free Edition cannot.  It will prepare a Form 1040 or 1040A or 1040EZ.\n\nFor Freedom Edition a user needs to meet only ONE of these qualifications:             \nAGI of $31,000 or less             \nor active duty\nmilitary (including Reservists and National Guard) with a military-issued W-2\nand a 2015 family AGI of $62,000 or less             \nor eligible for EIC\n(Earned Income Credit.)\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nThe FREEDOM Edition is located at:\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom\n\nHow to switch and start over in Freedom Edition\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2026912-how-do-i-switch-to-turbotax-freedom-edition 
If you used Turbotax Online for your 2009 return and your info was imported into your 2010 return, your state tax refund should already be there. You can check and enter it if it is not already thereclick onFederal TaxesWages & IncomeExplore on my ownscroll down to Other Common Incomeon theTax refunds line, click start or updateOnly a state tax refund has to be reported, a federal refund is not reportable. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You are supposed to enter "EXPIRED".  I did that and it works.  Of course I can only do that by overriding the field, so I shouldnt be able to e-file.Youd think that working through the interview and checking the radio button on the option page that the option "expired" would work to put the word in there, but it doesnt.  Frankly, theres been a LOT of problems with the introduction of Form 8949 and I dont think the IRS is going to be going after miscreants that dont write in "expired" but instead put in $0.Tom Young 
Unfortunately, the on-line version of TT does not have a "Forms" mode to do direct entries. You will need to go into the program and "delete" your Form W2 information and the reenter it under the Business Income section for your Form 1099-MISC. 
You can just file state return and do not need to amend it. 
You just need to print a copy or the return that you filed electronically, sign & date it, and give it to Financial Aid. 
Only if she made more than $5700. But, she is allowed to file if she made less and needs to get a refund of any withholding. Your state may have a lower threshold for filing a state return. She is still your dependent, so does not claim her own exemption if she does file. 
See this  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Investment-Income/Error-Check--Enter-Dates-on-Form-6252/SLN56222.html 
From what I have heard there can be a day delay but I have also heard that people have gotten them on the exact date specified and some a day earlier.  It also depends on your bank when they post the money, there are some banks that dont post a deposit until the next day. 
Yes.  You report each beneficiarys share of the income, deductions, and credits from the estate on a Schedule K-1.  You then attach the K-1s to the estates Form 1041.  Each beneficiary is given a copy of his or her respective Schedule K-1.
No, all it means is that you got your return. You can be audited at least during the next three years, or possibly longer. 
You cannot take a loan from an IRA.  However, you can take a distribution and return it within 60 days.The once-per-year IRA rollover rule doesnt apply to rollovers to or from an employer plan such as a 401(k).
Re: Statute of LimitationsAn income tax assessment may be made at any time if (Sec. 13-1101(b), Tax General Art.): (1) a false return is filed with the intent to evade the tax; (2) a willful attempt is made to evade the tax; (3) a return is not filed as required; (4) an incomplete return is filed; or (5) a report of federal adjustment is not filed within 90 days of its issuance. http://mgaleg.maryland.gov/webmga/frmStatutesText.aspx?article=gtgion=13-1101&ext=html&session=... 
TurboTax is not capable of limiting your solo 401(k) elective deferrals when you have made elective deferrals to another plan.  Since you have already made the per-individual maximum elective deferral of $18,000, to your regular employers 401(k), you are only permitted the employer profit sharing contribution to your solo 401(k).  If your combined W-2 and self-employment income do not result in you maxing out your Social Security withholding, your maximum solo 401(k) profit-sharing contribution would be $1,301 on $7,000 of net profit from self-employment.  If you maxed out Social Security withholding on your W-2,  the maximum profit-sharing contribution would be $1,381.You can get TurboTax to calculate this for you by marking the Maximize box for a Profit-Sharing Keogh instead of marking the Maximize box for an individual 401(k).
Please check your e-file status with the link below to see if your return was e-filed: https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspOnce filed and accepted, you cannot change the banking info. When the IRS and State issue your refunds and they bounce back, they will each mail you a check. 
You cannot claim HOH if your Mom claims all of your siblings. 
NJ taxable income differs from Federal. For example, NJ does not tax Social Security benefits, unemployment comp, disability income, etc.  In addition, Retirement benefits may be partially exempt.http://www.state.nj.us/treasury/taxation/njit12.shtml 
TT refund dates are only estimates. Once your return has been filed and accepted, timing of your refund is solely within the control of the IRS.  TT cannot expedite it.If your refund is delayed, TT will ask you to pay its fees. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3199769-turbotax-requiring-i-pay-the-filing-fee-now-because-my-ref... 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
If you claimed the Standard Mileage Rate on your leased vehicle last year, you are required to continue to use the Standard Mileage Rate.  You can not use the Actual Expenses.If you want to use the standard mileage rate for a car you lease, you \nmust use it for the entire lease period. For\n               leases that began on or before December 31, 1997, the \nstandard mileage rate must be used for the entire portion of the lease\n               period (including renewals) that is after 1997.https://www.irs.gov/publications/p463/ch04.html#en_US_2015_publink100033935
To enter an investment sale from a brokerage account (1099-B), follow the steps below.Click on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)Click on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)Click on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)Under Investment IncomeOn Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other, click the start or update button\n\n5498 is informational only, and is not entered into your return.\n 
Did you choose the option to pay your TurboTax fees out of your Federal refund (the refund processing service?)  If so, that option has a 34.99 service fee (34.99 or 39.99 for California filers, where it is bundled with Premium Services.)Heres how to see exactly what you are being charged for:\nOpen your return from the 2015 Tax Timeline (take me to my return) if not already open.\nOnce the return is open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose TOOLS.\nIn the Tools window, choose MY FEES.\nIf\n you did choose that refund processing option to pay out of your Federal\n refund and want to remove it, you can do so prior to filing and then \npay the TurboTax fee upfront with credit card, debit card, or prepaid \ndebit card.   Heres how to remove it and pay, depending on what state you are in:Non-California filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900517-how-do-i-remove-the-refund-processing-serviceCalifornia filers:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2154391-how-do-i-remove-the-premium-services-fee 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your returns in their respective Tax Timelines, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
You may have multiple online accounts without realizing it, andprobably are not logging into the right account.If you used Online TurboTax, this FAQ shows normally how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, it will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe 
Check\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay. Then look at your bank or credit card statement to confirm the payment was made.
You may be able to deduct it if you itemize deductions and have a lot of other fees in that category such as unreimbursed employee job expenses, investment advisor fees, etc.See if these two FAQs helps you.  You can enter your order number in one of the forms that the first FAQ will link to, where it says look up your order.FAQ: What did I pay last year for TurboTax?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302128andFAQ:  Can I claim tax prep fees as a deduction?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4186196 
Amended returns can take 16 weeks or longer to process after you mail them.  You can check here for the progress however returns sometimes dont show up at all....https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1To call the IRS:\n 1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-Friday\n\nWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re:\nRefund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  \n\nSo after first choosing\nyour language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).\n Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.\n\nThen press 1 for\nform, tax history, or payment.   \n\nThen press 4 for all\nother questions.\n\nThen press 2 for all\nother questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.\n\nOr you can contact your\nlocal IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1\n\nOr you may want to contact\na Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer\nAdvocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Did you select to receive your Federal refund on a NetSpend Premier Visa Card?  Normally the NetSpend Card comes in postal mail 7-10 business days after filing.   If it has been longer than that, you can phone NetSpend Customer Service to troubleshoot.For questions or issues about your NetSpend Premier Visa Prepaid Card, including its activation, and fees, please call the toll-free NetSpend Customer Service Line 1-855-646-8848. 
Calif FTB did this incorrectly for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml 
That information is on your previous years tax returns.  Or if someone else claimed you it would be on theirs.  If you dont have the previous tax returns you can get a transcript from the IRS for free, or order an actual paper copy of the tax returns.  That is not free though. You can order it on the home page.  I only takes a few days or a week to get it from what I hear.  You will need this information to e-file also.  http://www.irs.gov/     go to tools. 
If you used TurboTax Business to prepare the Form 1065 for 2010, you can open TurboTax Business for 2010 and purchase the Arizona state partnership forms thru the software.For 2011, just make sure youve indicated in the interview that this is a final return. File a Federal and Arizona final return. 
Respond to the notice using the procedure as shown in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
I would never tell anyone to avoid paying taxes, but you dd not mention if AirBnB sent you a 1099 form. If they did not, the IRS has no record of your rental receipts. If they did send you a 1099 form then your rental receipts are known to the IRS. Unreported earnings are the primary reason IRS computers select returns for audit. So if you got a 1099 form, no matter for how little, my advice is to report it and allow TurboTax to help you find ways to minimize the tax due on this small income. Remember that you are allowed to deduct expenses associated with keeping your home ready for customers. 
Also see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
No. He also cannot file as Head of Household.You and your son may be his tax dependents, so he can claim your $4000 exemption (deduction), if you lived with him all year (see full rules below). But because you and your son are not related, your cannot be a qualifying child for\nthe earned income credit and child tax credit and neither of you are a qualifying person for  Head of Household filing status.A person can still be an\nother dependent (Qualifying relative in IRS parlance, even though they do not\nhave to actually be related), if not a Qualifying Child, if he meets the 6\ntests for claiming a dependent:1. Closely Related OR live\nwith you ALL year2. His/her gross taxable income for the year must be less than $4,000 (2015)3. You must have provided\nmore than 1/2 his support4. He must be a US citizen or resident of the US, Canada\nor Mexico\n5. He must not file a joint\nreturn with his spouse or be claiming a dependent of his own\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n6. He must not be the\nqualifying child of another taxpayerYou may be able to file as\nMarried Filing Jointly if you live in a state that recognizes common law\nmarriage. Currently, the following jurisdictions recognize common law\nmarriage: Alabama\n Colorado\n District\n  of Columbia  Iowa\n Kansas\n Montana\n New\n  Hampshire  Oklahoma\n Rhode\n  Island  South\n  Carolina  Texas UtahGeorgia(1997), Idaho(1996), Ohio(Oct. 1991), and Pennsylvania(2005) are grandfathered for the\nmarriages before the year indicated. Living\ntogether in a common law state is usually insufficient - you need to hold\nyourself out as married including owning property together, having joint\nbank accounts, etc. To find out your states rules see:\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhttp://family.findlaw.com/marriage/common-law-marriage-states.htmlIf you are able to file jointly, then you (the couple) DO have a qualifying child for the tax credits.
You bet you can deduct musical equipment used in your occupation.  There are rules for depreciation of items that have longer lives that you might review but you imply that your equipment have shorter life spans.   If you sell the equipment at some later date you really are to recognize that. 
See if this FAQ assists you:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
Using the Home and Business edition the Personal tab is the same as Federal Taxes as shown in the procedure. 
Heres how you can update your charity name and address.\nSign into your ItsDeductible account.  \n\nChoose the tab for the year in question.  \n\nYou will see the main screen with the 4 categories--Items, Money, Stocks, and Mileage.   \n\nWay down at the bottom is a tiny blue link Manage Charities.  Click that.\nOn the next screen will be a list of your charities.  \n\nClick the EDIT  button for the charity you need to change the name/address.  \n\nAfter making the change, click the Update Charity button.\n\n
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014\nor earlier return completed using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or\nprint the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact\nsame userID and password you used to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the\nfollowing TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked...\n\nTo unlock prior year returns you must start & pay for the 2015\nOnline program.\n\nYou have to start a 2015 return using the\nFree edition from this website using the same\nuser ID & password as the previous tax year \n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/ \n \n\n(If you already have the Deluxe version or better chosen then you\ncan skip the upgrade and go straight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some basic personal information in the Personal\nInfo section of the program.  Click Upgrade, located\nnear the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the\nbottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  If you want to include a state program with your\norder click on State Taxes and complete some of the state section.\n\nTo pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns,\nassuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you\nused for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without\ncompleting the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.\n Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.\n On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not\nwant this option just click on the Continue button.  The\nnext screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for\nthe account.\n\nIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax\ncustomer service/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support.  Support is currently open from 8am to 5pm\nPacific time Mon  Fri.   Submit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly\nwith a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is\nclosed.\n\nIf you used the desktop CD/Download edition 
You may be better off asking that question to your casinos accountant or accounting department.  No doubt theyll be well familiar with Oregons state tax withholding requirements.
Yes.  Put it in Box 1 and Box 2.  Stock dividends are normally qualified, so Id go with that in the absence of other info. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
No, that system would not qualify for the Home Energy Credit.  See this website for the solar systems which would qualify - https://www.energystar.gov/about/federal_tax_credits/solar_energy_systems
If your temporary lodging is outside of the metropolitan area of your tax home this is business expense and could be paid by your company.  If not reimbursed you can claim this as unreimbursed business expense. 
Yes, you can get back to the return you filed using the online editions so you can comply with the notice you received from the IRS concerning your Form 1095-A and the Form 8962.Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ when using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f...
I dont understand how TurboTax let you file a HoH return if no one was living with you. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5469508 
TT does not support Form 1040NR. You best bet is to call the IRS. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Per PA,  allow 8-10 weeks for processing.Call the Taxpayer Service & Information Center at 717-787-8201, between the hours of 7:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. 
I think the resale remark in Pub 936 relates to commercial/rental/income producing use of the home.  What I think is happening is that if you use the home as a rental (for more than 14 days) or other commercial (non-residential) purposes, you lose the deduction on schedule A and instead deduct the interest in a different way.   Obviously, if you ever try to sell a second home there will be some period of time where it is on the market, even though it is still a second home for you, and I dont think it is the intent of the regulation to prevent you from deducting the mortgage interest in that case. 
One other option is to ask TT support for a download of the full 2014 program to assist you in the audit ... then you can open the 2014 tax file and see all the screens.Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open\nfrom 8am to 5 pm Mon to Fri Pacific. \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you live and work in a foreign country and if your employer is not a US company or an agency of the US government, then you would not have received an IRS Form W-2.  The statement you received from your foreign employer is not entered in the W-2 section of the program.  You enter your foreign earned income in the Less Common Section of the program under Wages and Income.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
I believe that after youve filled your returns they than go to the IRS for acceptance. After they are accepted depending on your payment route for your return it can take anywhere between 1-3 weeks to get your return. 
If you mail a federal return, you also have to mail the state return, it cant be e-filed.  Thats a security measure since in past years, lots of fraudulent returns were filed state-only because the states had weaker security.If you are using Turbotax online, you should be able to log in to your return, click the personal tab to add the ITIN, then click the File tab and run through the interview, selecting print and file by mail as your option. 
Have you tried this procedure? -If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Once the government releases new forms or updates, they need to be integrated into the software. That will always cause a difference between the dates forms are available form the IRS website and from software. Thats the same for any tax software, although some might be faster in adapting forms than others. 
If you have already filed your tax return -If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you are still working on your 2015 online return -Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Tools.  Click on View Tax Summary.  Your total income and your 2015 Adjusted Gross Income will be shown. 
Do you need to prepare a 2014 return or did you start one online last year?You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp Here's how to finish a return you started online,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turbotax-online
Log in and look at your tax timeline....You have to sign onto your account with the\nexact same userID and password you\nused to create the account.\n\nIf you may have forgotten some of your\nlogin information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr you may have multiple accounts, see this\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html
OK heres some general info on self employmentIf you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employedPAYING QUARTERLY ESTIMATESYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)To prepare estimates for next year you start with your current year return, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Here are the blank Estimates and instructions..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 15, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms.  You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state. If you didnt owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters. 
Amend your 2010 return to report the vehicle as being converted to personal use. 
This can be frustrating. There are different boxes to add the AGI or PIN or New PIN. Here is some great information to help you. http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/SLN12645After you open your return again: 1. Click on "Print & File," 2. Then choose "File a Return" 3. Follow the steps until you get to the screen "Review your Federal Filing Choices"http://screencast.com/t/zcVKpNLUdhc4. Click "Edit" next to the row about "Identifying Information"5. Follow the steps to choose to Enter AGI or PIN.If this doesnt work, Try contacting the IRS by phone to get your pin.  Specify that you want your a NEW E-FILE PIN.  While on the phone, also ask for the E-FILE AGI as well.  They should give you the correct information on the phone.  Call this number 1-800-829-1040, press 2, do not select 7, press 1 and then press 3, this will take you to an actual person.I hope this helps solve your question! 
If\nthe IRS is holding your refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the\npoint where its not enough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for\nPayment email, which\nincludes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the Refund\nProcessing fee).\n\nIf\nyou do not pay your fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll\nreceive 2 additional Account Debit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally,\nif your fees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund\ndate, well debit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive\na Debit\nto your bank account has been initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS releases your\nrefund after youve paid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your\nTurboTax fees twice. However, we still deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nReview this TurboTax support FAQ on the Refund Processing Service you requested when having your TurboTax account fees deducted from your federal tax refund - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota...\n\n 
from which state will he claim the (FUTA) Unemployment tax?FUTA (Federal Unemployment Tax Act payments) are not paid to the state, they are paid to the federal government.  SUTA (State Unemployment Tax Act payments) are paid to the state in which the employee is employed.  In your case, that would be VA. 
Sorry if you already filed its too late to change or fix it unless it rejects you can fix it and send it again.  If the bank rejects the deposit the IRS will mail a check to the address on your return.
Sorry ignore that.  That seems to be for a prior year.  Ill write up the new steps.
". . . is a 1099-MISC required to be given to them by the agent?"In my opinion, no, as the amount is a reduction of closings costs, not income.  However, many real estate agents, either through lack of knowledge or being over cautious, do it anyway.  That moves the problem over to the client, who now needs to convince the IRS it isnt income, or doesnt belong on their tax return. 
Online TTx doesnt have an easy way to check since you cant se the tax forms until you have paid for the software.BUT..Once you have entered allyour deductions so that you know you are using Itemized deductions with yor tax returngo thru the Federal Review (Right after Othe Tax Situations) and when the summary shows up there..look for the Mortgage interst line...the sum of your interst paid plus the amortized points should show up there.OR  if you paid for the software and can print out..print to PDF file with all forms and worksheets and look on line 7a of the "Tax and Interest Deduction Worksheet" 
One thing I would do is check my portfolio and sell any stock that you have lost money on.   If you have any real property that has lost value I would sell it and these losses would help reduce your cap. gains. 
At the beginning of the Print & File section of the interview, it first asks whether you want to e-file or file by mail. Select e-file. The next screen asks which returns you want to e-file. Select "e-file my federal return" and "do not e-file my state return now." Continue through the interview to e-file your federal return. You can then go back to the beginning, select file by mail, and print your state return for filing. 
If you made no withdrawels or contributions to the IRA in 2011 there is nothing for you to report.  Gains or losses within the retirement plans are not reportable as long as you did not make a withdrawel. 
Is that correct?Yes, that is correct.  You will owe income taxes on the distribution at your marginal tax rate and, if under 59 1/2, a premature distribution penalty of 10%. 
You need to file a form 1040 and a schedule C. Even though you dont consider yourself to be self employed, the IRS expects a 1099-MISC with income reported in box 7 to be filed as self employment income. You will need to buy and download the 2014 Home & Business version of TurboTax to complete a tax return for this income and any expenses you incurred along with the income. Here is a link to download it: https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/Complete the Personal section and then the Business section and any other sections that are needed to complete your tax return. 
The debit cannot be stopped however you will not have to pay the fee twice. 
Yes, thats okay.As you said, as long as you dont take other money out of the corporation as a distributions, having a lower-than average wages due to cash flow is fine.  Once you start taking out other money as distributions, you need to make sure your wages are reasonable for your industry and the work that you perform. 
If you used a paid preparer, you should ask your tax preparer what the status of your federal tax return is. If there is a problem, the preparer should correct it.
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
is there any way to get refund without her ssn or tax idYou can file separately and mail it in.  You cannot file a joint return if your spouse has no SSN or TIN.  Alternatively, you can apply for a TIN for her and file married filing jointly.  A Form W-7 is used to apply for a TIN.  \n\nThe tax return and W-7 cannot be\ne-filed.  They are mailed to a special location:\n\n     Internal\nRevenue Service\n\n     Austin Service\nCenter\n\n     ITIN Operation\n\n\n     P.O. Box\n149342\n\n     Austin, TX 78714-9342\n\n 
Why ???   Because you failed to read the entire screen !Florida does not levy a\nstate individual income tax. You do not need to file an income tax return with\nthe state.\n\nThe Florida return in\nTurboTax is to report tangible personal property used in a Florida-located\nbusiness or rental property and is filed with the county property\nappraiser. If you do need to file a DR-405, nothing will print unless assets are transferred or you manually enter\nassets in the DR-405 worksheet.\n\nIf you do not have a\nbusiness or rental real estate with assets in Florida, you do not need to\nprepare or file the Florida return in TurboTax.\n\nYou should have been\npresented with an opportunity to skip the Florida tangible personal property\ntax return if you have no tangible personal property to report. \n\nIf you mistakenly continued on through\nthe Florida section in TurboTax and paid for a return that you do not need,\ncontact customer service and request a refund. \n\nVisit --> https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ to\ncontact customer service.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Estimated payments are NEVER entered on the 1120S ... remove them from there. Switch to the forms mode in the TT Business program and see where that amount shows up so you can back track to remove it. 
There is no penalty for the months you dont have health insurance due to being out of the country. Travel insurance usually doesnt meet the ACA definition of qualified health insurance but ask the insurance company, they should be able to tell you that.  https://www.healthcare.gov/coverage/
When you click the option "Rentals" is states: Well help you get all the deductions you deserve from rental property you owned, bought (Form 1098), or sold (Form 1099-S). Well also see if you qualify for a tax break if you had to sell at a loss. 
All you can claim is what you paid out of pocket for the day care expenses ... you cannot claim what the state assistance program pays.  That is the correct way to do it and if you are ever audited it is the amount you can substantiate with receipts. 
Once you complete a return online you can efile them, mail them or just ignore them.  you are not obligated to file them at all. 
Hello,Thank you for your question.This is due to the WITB credit.  This is a low income credit that is automatically assessed by TurboTax through the information you enter.  Once you entered your tuition you are identified as a student which then triggers your ineligibility for the low income credit.  Unfortunately students are not allowed this credit. Read it on our blog: http://blog.turbotax.ca/student-taxes-faqs/Thank you,The TurboTax Team
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301414 
Please see:http://whnt.com/2016/05/15/alabamas-fear-of-identity-thieves-has-slowed-issuance-of-tax-returns-this... 
You dont need to register a business name, but you have a business even without registering. The agency is treating you as an independent contractor, not as an employee. You will not get a W-2 from them. Its the same as having your own one-person business. You have to report the income as business income, and you will have to pay self-employment tax in addition to regular income tax.The agency asks you to fill out Form W-9 and give it to them to give them your tax ID number. They have to report what they pay you to the IRS, so they need your tax ID number. At the end of the year they will send you a Form 1099-MISC showing how much they paid you during the year. This is the same form that they send to the IRS. On Form W-9 you can give them your Social Security number, or you can get an Employer Identification Number (EIN) and use that so that you dont have to give out your Social Security number. You can get an EIN even if you dont have any employees, and dont have a registered business name. You can get it in your own personal name. You can get an EIN online at the following link on the IRS web site.https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/apply-for-an-employer-identification-n...Since you are a contractor, not an employee, the agency will not withhold any tax from what they pay you. You should make quarterly estimated tax payments so that you dont end up with a huge tax bill at the end of the year, plus a penalty for not having paid tax during the year. 
\n\nLook\nat the form 1040X and if you cant get it to work in the program then complete the form by hand from line 18 on...\n\nColumn\nA should have the figures from the original return, Column C the corrected\nfigures and Column B the differences between the other 2 which needs an\nexplanation on page 2 of the form 1040X. \n\n\n\nOn\nline 18 should be the amount of your original refund you received (which should be a zero since the refund was never sent)\n\nThen\nyou will see your true refund on line 22. 
If it has been over 12 weeks since you mailed the return, you can contact the IRS to find out the status of return.  Otherwise the IRS will contact you by mail if they need any further information.  See the IRS FAQs for amended tax returns - https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Form 8962 is not filled out directly. You must enter informationfrom your 1095-A to the equivalent TT form. The program willautomatically complete and calculate information for 8962.After the form and other required documents are mailed orfaxed, IRS will recalculate your tax return bottom line basedon this information. 
I suggest you read Form 5405 instructions. IRS explanation is a little fuzzy.If you sell after three years no repayment of the credit; unsure about conversionto rental. 
There are a couple items on that list that might count as repairs if they were broken out and costed separately (like the garage doors).  But most of the rest is definitely capital improvements and if they dont break it down for you, then the whole thing needs to be treated as a capital improvement.  Quoting IRS: However, if you make repairs as part of an extensive re-\nmodeling or restoration of your home, the entire job is an\nimprovement.It also sounds from the description that these expenses would be indirect but not unrelated, since things like dry rot, earthquake, structure, relates the the entire space (residence and office).But improvements are not repairs, they cant be expensed immediately, but must be depreciated over 39 years.  The amount you pay now is added to the cost basis of the home, then the percentage of the cost that equals the percentage of home office is depreciated/deducted over 39 years.  Hopefully turbotax will do this for you.  You also should keep separate track of your homes additions to cost basis (improvements, etc) and all the depreciation you have taken (depreciation on the home office from the beginning plus the new depreciation on these improvements.)  You will need all that info when you eventually sell.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p587.pdf 
Youll need to review each of the fields in the summary, or in a printout before you file and see if you entered something wrong.Did you forget to enter IN withholding on your W-2??, misplace a decimal pt.Click once on the Tax Due $$ figure and a summary comes up.  Look for something out of whack and then go back to theFederal section (usually) and fix it.Also, sometimes not all deductions/credits are given on the State section until you go thru it to the end and answer any questions that might qualify you for additional state-specific deductions/credits. 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
This error can occur if somebody else filed a return using your (or your spouses) Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number.It can also happen when the Social Security or Taxpayer Identification number has been entered incorrectly.If you have used all the procedures as noted in the following TurboTax support FAQ, then you will have to print and mail your tax return.  See this TurboTax support FAQ for the IRS error code - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899933-e-file-rejection-r0000-902-01-your-taxpayer-identification...Use the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ to print a return for mailing when using the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-online
You can deduct certain un-reimbursed employee expenses on your tax return under certain circumstances. Keep in mind:The person or company that pays the expenses usually is the one that gets to deduct them. So, if your employer pays for an expense, or reimburses you for one, then they get to take the deduction.If you pay for your own expenses and don�t get reimbursed, then you might be able to deduct them on your tax return.You can deduct expense that are �ordinary and necessary� to do your job. Some examples of deductible expenses include:�Travel (hotel, airfare, etc.) and transportation costs (cab fare, tolls, parking, etc.) other than for commuting to and from work.�Business entertainment and gifts, but these have certain limits.�Computers and cell phones if required for your job and for the convenience of your employer.�Home office expenses if your employer does not provide you a place to work.(See this link for more information: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN80351)If you open TurboTax and go to Federal Taxes > Deductions and Credits > Job-Related Expenses, you can go through the interview process to try to deduct these items. I hope this helps! 
Hi Flake1, assuming you already have the Business entered into TurboTax:1. Click the Business tab, then Continue2. Click Explore on My Own3. Next to Profit or Loss from Business, click Start/Update4. Next to your business, click Edit5. Next to General Business Information, click Start/Update6. Look for the line "Disposed of Business in Current Year" and click Edit7. Follow the interview. 
When e-File doesnt work you must print and mail your tax return at the Post Office.
Check the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nstate filing instruction sheet with the Turbotax logo. \n\nIf you owed tax, it will show the payment information and\nhow you decided to pay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions carefully since most\nstates cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer\nto this question for  the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489
If your only choice to upgrade is Deluxe then you are already in the PLUS version.To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470577 \n\n\n\n\n\n 
Its possible that someone else made a typo and used yours by mistake.  I just answered someone elses question where they realized they had used a transposed social security number for three years now.  The only thing to do is to mail your returns out, because they wont e-file.  If you receive a formal correspondence asking you to prove your social security number, you will respond with formal correspondence showing the required documentation. 
If you previously answer No to the "Were you enrolled in a HDHP and had a HSA plan as of December 1, 2011" question and filled out the "Lets Maximize Your Contribution Limit" then TurboTax is basing your maximum contribution on how you filled out that form. Try clicking back through, answering No to the "Were you enrolled" question and then setting the type of HDHP plan as appropriate for each month of the year and then click "calculate max contribution limit", then go back and re-answer the "Were you enrolled in a HDHP and had a HSA plan as of December 1, 2011" with a Yes and TurboTax will no longer say you have excess contributions. 
First the payment would have shown up on the bank or credit card statement if it has been paid.        **** Make sure you set up the payment correctly\n****\n\n\n\nCheck\nthe printout or PDF of your return; look for the federal and state filing\ninstruction sheet with the Turbotax logo.  \n\nIf\nyou owed tax, they will show the payment information and how you decided to\npay.  \n\n>If\nyou indicated pay by mail, then you need to mail in a check.  \n\n>If\nyou selected credit card, it will probably be processed in a couple of days.\n \n\n>If\nyou selected debit from your bank account, that information is passed on to the\nstate and IRS and they will do the debit when they process your return\ninformation -- usually 1-3 weeks for e-file and 3-4 weeks if mailed in.  \n\n> If you also owe the state ... read the state payment instructions\ncarefully since most states cannot be paid from within the TT system and\nrequires additional steps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe 
Not unless you have a letter saying you performed essential services for an IRS qualified charity. 
Yep ... wait til you get the SS#  to file the return .... or file without the child now and amend later. 
The thing about your story is that turbotax only passes on your account information to the IRS, it doesnt actually process the withdrawal.  There are maybe 3 possibilities,1. you used the wrong numbers (despite your belief otherwise)2. you used the correct number but turbotax transmitted an incorrect number3. turbotax transmitted the correct number but your bank rejected it or the IRS debited the wrong number.You can check #1 by checking the PDF of your tax return or looking at the internal program worksheets if you have been using the desktop program.#2 should be impossible  your complete tax return is transmitted as an encrypted file and it should be impossible to change one number without affecting all the other numbers or invalidating the checksum.#3 is certainly possible, even if the bank later accepted your payment through EFTPS (the two payments systems may be different.)Another diagnostic test would be if you also owed state tax.  If your tax return shows the same account # for the federal and state payment, and the state payment went through ok, that basically proves that it is not turbotaxs fault but is a problem with the IRS or your bank rejecting the IRS draft.You are free to make a claim for the interest and penalties against the 100% accuracy guarantee, but you would have to get turbotax to agree that there was a programming error instead of your error or a bank problem.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3302050 
Did you try to get help with your software to get it running properly?  This is the first question I see for you in this forum, at least under that username.In any case, for anything account-specific, such as assistance with fees, billing, etc,  you will need to phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
If you have a *.tax2014 data file, that can only be opened and printed using 2014 desktop software.   Did you uninstall the 2014 software?     If you dont have the 2014 program installed, do you still have the 2014 CD?Search you computer to see if you also saved the 2014 return as a PDF file.  That can be opened in Adobe Reader or another PDF viewer. 
You don't enter his income on your return.  It only goes on his return if he is required to file.  Is that the only income he has?  If the W2 is under 6,300 he doesn't have to file except to get back any withholding taken out.  Be sure he checks the box on his return that says he can be claimed on someone else's return.Online is only good for 1 return so he needs to set up his own account.  You can use the same email address for 5 accounts. 
Depends on what you selections you made in your tax return...and on what states are showing as withholding on your paper W-2 form.You may have mis-selected the state on the Personal Info page.____________________________________________________________1)  PA and MD are  what is known as Reciprocal tax states  What this means for you is that since you are a PA resident, MD does not tax your income made in MD. Only PA does.2)  In order for #1 to work right, your MD employer should either be withholding only PA taxes (boxes 15-to-17 on your paper W-2 form).....or, at minimum...not show any withheld any MD taxes in those same boxes.   Getting that set right usually requires you file certain forms with the employer to get the MD withholding stopped.3)   Since you didnt have issues in the past, I suspect that #2 is set right, but your problem with the software is that you made a mis-selection on  the Personal Info page of the software.  When #2 is properly set, on the softwares Personal Info page, you must NOT select MD as another state that you worked in.  Because of the reciprocal tax agreement between MD and PA, your work in MD is treated as-if it was all done only in PA...and you do not select MD as another state you worked in.4)  to fix #3, you go back to the Personal Info page of the software and take out MD as another state you worked in.......then you go to the state taxes section, and delete the MD tax forms.  and that should fix it.  You do need to make sure you go thru all of the questions in the PA taxes section again and take out any credit you claimed in  the PA forms for paying taxes to another state (you didnt really pay anything to MD....and the credit isnt allowed anyhow in this situation)_________________________________________________Now, if your paper W-2 forms do show MD withholding & wages in boxes 15-to-17...then you have a problem....you do have to file a MD nonresident tax return just to get your withholding back, and the problem with the PA form would be that you are attempting to take a credit for taxes paid to MD...and that is not allowed, since PA expects you to get all your mis-applied withholding back from MD on your own.______________________________________________________......to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
This is a TurboTax FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901301-how-do-i-pay-my-turbotax-online-fees 
Sadly the state can process the tax returns any way they choose to, taking as long as they like and all you can do is wait for them to finish the process. Not sure if you will get any help but you can try to call a local taxpayer advocate :  https://www.irs.gov/advocate/local-taxpayer-advocate 
Married filing a joint return, believe it or not, is actually an option, not a requirement. You only need to provide your spouses name and SSN  in the appropriate spot. You can use the standard deduction if your spouse did as well. If he/she filed using itemized deductions, then you must also. 
Once you save a PDF of the return you can choose which pages to print using the options in the PDF reader.\nYou can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n \n 
In general terms, if you have a federal filing requirement, then you likely have a state one as well. However, check with your taxing authority, and give them specifics of what your income and deductions were, and they can tell you.  Your income would have been reported to the state, and without filing a return, they do not know if you owe taxes, are due a refund etc.... 
Try these 2 ways first.  If that doesn't have it, report back, and I'll tell you a more complex method.Log in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.Scroll down to "Some things you can do."There should be a link for "view order details."Or try this:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp 
\n\nYou only file a 940/941 if you are paying wages, but you need to start paying wages.As\nIve seen stated elsewhere, the fastest way to get audited as an S-Corporation\nis to not report wages to officers on page 1 of the return when other distributions\nare made. The IRS position is that an S-Corporation MUST pay a reasonable\ncompensation to an officer before non-wage distributions may be made. The\nreason is that they feel that a non-wage distribution when no wages are paid is\nan avoidance of social security taxes. From the IRS website at http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=203100,00.html :\n\nReasonable\nCompensation\n\nS\ncorporations must pay reasonable compensation to a shareholder-employee in\nreturn for services that the employee provides to the corporation before\nnon-wage distributions may be made to the shareholder-employee. The amount of\nreasonable compensation will never exceed the amount received by the\nshareholder either directly or indirectly.\n\nDistributions\nand other payments by an S corporation to a corporate officer must be treated\nas wages to the extent the amounts are reasonable compensation for the service\nrendered to the corporation.\n\nSeveral\ncourt cases support the authority of the IRS to reclassify other forms of\npayments to a shareholder-employee as a wage expense and subject to employment\ntaxes.\n\nThe\npage cites Joly vs. Commissioner, 211 F.3d 1269 (6th Cir., 2000) as one\njudicial finding on the IRSs authority to reclassify distributions to wages\nsubject to employment taxes. Factors to determine reasonable compensation are\ngiven in the ruling.\n\nThe\nAICPA has an interesting article on this topic here:  http://www.aicpa.org/publications/taxadviser/2011/august/pages/nitti_aug2011.aspx\n\n 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 
I would file in NY thats where my job is and I would spend more time there .The only way I would add NJ if It was due to business because I wouldnt be spending costly time there. ..
See this FAQ on how to switch to a lower edition (if you have not already paid or registered):FAQ:  Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax Online?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495 
Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n
That can not be done. You can not efile a 2014 tax return with Turbotax. If you want to use TurboTax for 2014 you will need to purchase the Desktop Version which runs only on your personal computer. You can do that at this link:http://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the return by mail. Turbotax does not support e-file of prior year returns. Tip: If you prepare multiple years of prior returns, mail each one to the IRS in a separate envelope to be sure that each one is recognized as a separate tax return. 
\n\nIf\nyou are overseas and past April 18, you cannot e-file an extension.  You\nneed to print it and file it by mail.  A copy is here:  https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf .  Pay\nparticular attention to block 8.\n\n
ADDENDUM:See SteamTrains comment below this answer first, since it may explain what you are experiencing.*********************************************************Have you already filed and are printing for your records?  If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to normally download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
What is a "non-planned operation on a vehicle." 
You cannot prepare returns for 2013 and 2014 tax years online with TurboTax.  Online TurboTax is currently only for 2015 returns.You can purchase 2013 and 2014 TurboTax desktop software as a download at the link below and install it on your computer.  Or you may be able to find it for a discount at a reputable authorized retailer like Amazon.https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/When you prepare the returns in order, you can transfer the data from each year into the next years return, saving you some time.The 2013 and 2014 returns cannot be efiled.  They have to be printed and mailed.  Be sure to mail each return in a separate envelope.  Do not mail them in the same envelope.   Its also good to mail with some kind of tracking, such as certified return receipt.
Thats for the Maryland Two-Income Married Couple Subtraction. You can get up to a $1,200 deduction based on each persons allocated income amount.For each federal income amount shown you should enter your Spouses allocable portion of it, if any. For instance if it is interest income and you both own the account(s) jointly then your Spouses portion is half of it. Otherwise there is no magic formula - you just have to figure it out.Note that if one of you ends up having $0 (zero) income allocated then the deduction is $0. 
If you have an installment agreement with the IRS in place for a specific year(s) and the year involved is included, but the amount was adjusted, you are probably OK. However, it would be wise to invest the time to call the number on the letter to confirm that. If the $600 created a new liability, then you definitely need to call them to re-establish the payment plan. Any new liabilities would automatically default the agreement and out your case out for collection. 
You do not enter tax data for 2016 when using the TurboTax 2015 programs.  The tax year 2016 TurboTax online editions will be available sometime in December of 2016.  The 2016 desktop editions are usually available in mid-November.If you want to create estimated tax forms 1040-ES for 2016 and mail the forms to the IRS with your estimated tax payment, you can use the TurboTax program to create the forms.  Or you can get the Form 1040-ES from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfOr you can use the other options for tax payments shown on the IRS website - https://www.irs.gov/paymentsUsing TurboTax for 2016 estimated tax forms -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Other Tax Situations\nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\nOn Form W-4 and estimated taxes, click the start or update button\n 
If you did not make an election on your SS-4, you become what is called a disregarded entity. These are always single member entities, and work in a similar fashion to sole proprietorships but with a corporate like protection. Make your estimated payments quarterly as you (presumably) have been, and you should be fine. 
Yes, if the house was your primary residence when you made the improvement, you can claim the credit. 
If you are looking at a summary screen or review screen those show the full amount as income and lump a lot of stuff together. You need to check the actual 1040 form line 20b, 15b or 16b and make sure its right.Othewise check your answers to the followup questions under Retirement.  Did you roll it over to a traditional IRA or a ROTH IRA?  If you rolled it over to a ROTH then it is fully taxable. 
If you have\nNOT yet filed the 2015 online return and are working from within the 2015\nonline return - \n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  (Note - if\nthe Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus\nedition) \n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on\nthe  Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your\ncredit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\nIf you have filed the 2015 online return - \n\nWhen you sign onto\nyour online account and are on the Welcome Home screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on\nyour 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a\nstate).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you\nfiled.\n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, click on My\nAccount at the top of the\nonline program screen.  Then click on Print\nCenter.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.\n On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask\nfor all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.\n\n\n\n\n\n
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
If you travel to look for a new job in your present occupation, you may be able to deduct travel expenses to and from the area to which you travelled. You can only deduct the travel expenses if the trip is primarily to look for a new job. The amount of time you spend on personal activity unrelated to your job search compared to the amount of time you spend looking for work is important in determining whether the trip is primarily personal or is primarily to look for a new job.Your wifes expenses are not deductible.https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdf
You may have entered other income and if you go back and look on form t2125 there would be an amount on that sheet that is why it is not letting you file and asking you for the industry code. What slips did you enter and was there any other income that you claimed? It does not necessarily mean you are self employed or small business. 
You dont need to do anything until you file your 2016 tax return in early 2017. Yes, you just pay capital gains tax. But, capital gains tax is part of your income tax. Long term capital gains are just taxed at a lower rate than ordinary income. For many people that rate is 0% (people who didnt owe any taxes probably qualify for 0%)That said, not owing any taxes last year doesnt exempt you from advance payments. But having a zero tax liability (line 56 of form 1040 or line 39 of form 1040A) in 2015 does.
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
A lump-sum distribution from an inherited qualified retirement plan (other than a Roth account) will be immediately subject to federal & state income tax (which may even move the recipient into a higher tax bracket).  The distribution will be subject to a mandatory 20% federal withholding.  The 10% early withdrawal penalty will not apply.Many people choose to avoid the one-year tax hit by spreading out the payments for as long as possible; for example, by transferring the funds to an inherited IRA (which should always be done via a trustee-to-trustee transfer).  It would be wise for your husband to talk to a financial or legal expert before making his decision, because each persons situation is different. 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, clickContinue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
To remove a Form SD 100 (OH school district return):* Select the State Taxes tab and click Ohio.* Select the Tools menu (or the Tools button in TurboTax Online), click Topic List, and click School District Income Tax.* Check the School District Income Tax box (if it is not already checked), and click Continue.* At the screen "School District Tax Summary, click the Edit button for the school district return to be excluded, and continue to the screen "Exclude or Activate Form SD 100..", and  check the "Exclude this copy of Form SD 100" box. [Alternatively, dont mark the exclude box and continue through the screens to make edits.]Thanks for your patience. 
Somewhere along the line you upgraded to Deluxe.   You can view your current charges inside the TT program.  In the right upper corner see the TOOLS icon.  Click it and in the drop-down menu, select View My TurboTax Fees.If you want to talk to Customer Service, here is how:You can use phone or Live Chat with Customer Support, which is open from 5AM-9PM Pacfic time.There is a bit of a "trick" to getting the Phone or Live Chat interface to pop up, so follow the steps below exactly. The website below will tell you how long the wait is.Before clicking on the support link given below, read all the instructions in the paragraph below. You need to follow all these steps:1.) When you first arrive at the page, you wont see the interface boxes for CALL US or LIVE CHAT, so dont give up. Heres how to make them appear:2.) You MUST click a topic button AND a subtopic. In your case I would click BUYING/BILLING/ACCOUNT and then click CHARGES. Thats just to expand the page, so the contact boxes will appear.3.) Now if you scroll down the page about 2/3 way, you will now see that the LIVE CHAT and CALL US interface boxes have suddenly appeared, and it should also show the approximate wait times for each.https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jspGood luck! 
No it does not.  When you click on Amend my Return the refund shown automatically goes to 0 as you are starting the amend process.  Nothing is sent to the IRS when you start to amend your return in the program.An amended return can only be mailed to the IRS.  The finalized version of the amended return, Form 1040X, will be available on 2/9/2012. 
According to item 2 in this reference, Maryland will consider you a resident for tax purposes until the day before you establish residence in another state (or country, I assume).  http://taxes.marylandtaxes.com/Individual_Taxes/Individual_Tax_Types/Income_Tax/Filing_Information/D...Income you receive from a non-Maryland source after you are no longer an MD resident is not taxable by MD.So it appears the key date will be the date you establish residence in Ireland.  Unfortunately Im not sure how MD defines what it means to establish residence. 
She is not required to file a federal return, but as she had more than $34 in PA taxable  income (thats right, $34), she is required to file a PA and local tax returns, even if she doesnt have a balance due.  BTW,  a 1099B is for capital gains & losses, not interest income.  If the #376.26 is interest income, shell owe an additional $11-$12 to PA. 
You could explain what they are asking about and someone here may be able to help or ....If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Lostsuzy, unfortunately you can only pay by Refund Transfer if you are efiling your federal return. If you initially chose to pay by Refund Transfer and your efile was rejected your TurboTax fees were not processed, so no you will not be charged twice. Best of luck Suzy, I hope this solves your question. 
\n\n Is it as simple as going into the File an Amended Return option and basically removing ALL entries concerning my Nanny on my personal taxes (since its accounted for on my business taxes)?\n\n Yes ... it is just that simple.  Amend and remove the Sch H entries. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the Vermont tax return - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3354973-2015-vermont-itemized-deductions 
If hes clergy, then any compensation or cash/money/checks/gift cards received from the church/parish is considered income earned from working.  However, if the church is making pension contributions direct to a church pension fund or 403(b), that should not be reported as taxable.  If the church is giving the pastor extra income for the pastors own retirement (IRA), then it would be taxable income from the church but could be deducted by the pastor if actually contributed to an IRA.Money paid for insurance might or might not be taxable, more details are required.If the pastor receives a W-2 as an employee then he should not also receive a 1099-MISC, he should only receive a W-2.  You could deal with it as is or have the church fix it by rescinding the 1099-MISC and correcting the W-2.This is an excellent resource for clergy tax returns. http://www.ecfa.org/PDF/2015-Preparing-Tax-Returns-For-Clergy.pdf*If the church says to the congregation, lets all give the pastor some thank-you gifts and the gifts are all direct from the individual givers to the pastor, that is not taxable income.  Also, not deductible charity contributions by the giver.  If the money/gifts are run through the church account, then it is income. 
Even though you had School district (SD) income tax withholding shown in box 19 of your W-2 (and probably SD# 3604 in box 20), you are still required to file a SD tax return (form SD 100) if you live in an SD with an income tax (3604 is one). The amount of withholding may or may not have been enough. You need to prepare an SD return. You may even get a refund.TurboTax (TT) can prepare an Ohio SD return, but the preparation is not automatic. You have to initiate it. At the screen, in the Ohio program,\ntitled\n\n A\nfew things before we wrap up your state taxes\n\n     \nscroll down to School\n District taxes. or later at\n\nYour\n2014 Ohio Taxes are ready for us to check\n\n    -Click Other situations\n\n    -Scroll down to School District taxes. \n\nInstead, you may want to try filing a manual return. Get the SD 100 at http://www.tax.ohio.gov/Forms.aspx. Hillsboro CSD 3604 tax rate is 1% (.0100).\nOr try filing at the state site (The Ohio state dept. of taxation administers the SD tax)  http://www.tax.ohio.gov/ohio_individual/individual/filefaster.aspx\n\n 
If you have\nnot yet filed the 2015 online return and are working from within the 2015\nonline return - \n\nClick Upgrade, located near the top\nof your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax\nPlus, and click the Upgrade\nNow button.  (Note - if\nthe Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus\nedition) \n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the\nexact same user ID you used for the prior returns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print,\nsave or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by\ncredit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on\nthe  Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your\ncredit card information so you can pay for the account.If\nyou used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only\ncopy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the\nreturn was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed\nusing the desktop editions.\n\nYou\ncan also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptYou can ask customer support if you like but I doubt they have the power to help. Use\nthe following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.\n Submit your question/problem during business hours and\nthen use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to\nspeak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 
If his GI bill payments are taxable, then you couldnt claim him if his total income exceeded $3700.  If theyre not taxable, you can most likely claim him.  Enter him under dependents and answer the questions to see if he qualifies.  If hes over 23, it doesnt matter whether hes a student or not. 
She cannot file a zero return to get the ITIN.  You can get the ITIN when you file a joint tax return ...        To get an ITIN, what you\nwill do is complete the return, and print it out. To print without a SSN where\nhers would go, when you get the message that says There are errors\nin your return. Continue? If you click Yes it will print. If that does not work\nyou may have to enter a made-up SSN and then white out or cross it out once you\nprint it. You will NOT e-file your return, you will select that you are mailing\nit.\n\nYou will also print out a\nform W-7 and gather any of the required documentation, put that together with\nyour return, and mail it to the specified address. The IRS will then process\nyour return and issue your wife an ITIN. \n\nHere is more information on\nthe ITIN and the process: https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/General-ITIN-Information 
Did you file a 2013 at all?  If you filed 2013 you will need to amend it to add another W2.How to amend 2013https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1971653-how-do-i-amend-change-or-correct-a-2013-return-in-turbotaxIf you didn't file a 2013 return, yes you can still file it.  You can't do a prior year return online or efile it, but you can buy the Desktop Download versions for 2012-2014 from Turbo Tax here. Be sure to pick the right one, Windows or Mac....http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp 
No processing fee if you file by mail. I just takes longer for the IRS to process your return. I hope this helps! 
Yes if you used the Online version,  Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online If you used the Desktop CD/Download Software then the only copy was on your computer unless you saved a backup.  You would need to have a pdf file of it or the .tax2014 file.
On your other posts, you said Oklahoma is the state.  The state tax return is a 511 form not a 1040.You have the federal return.  You have a 1040EZ.  There are 3 kinds of Federal 10401040 and 1040A and 1040EZ.  You only need one of them. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
To use the account recovery website you must close all TurboTax windows, including this one, so that you are not signed onto any Intuit/TurboTax/Quicken/Mint accounts.You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax/site-search?search_term=lost+refund+checkLost or Never Received My Paper Refund Check is...\nMissing: Did you use the correct mailing address when you filed the return? Check the status of your refund and your address by visiting Revenue Online.\nLost: You can request that the original refund be voided and a new refund be issued. Follow the Reissue Process below.\nDestroyed: You can request that the original refund be voided and a new refund be issued. Follow the Reissue Process below. My Direct Deposit Refund...\nHas not been sent to my bank: Check the status of your refund by visiting Revenue Online.\nHas been issued but is not in my account: Double-check your tax return and verify the 9-digit routing number and your account number on the return. Contact your bank or financial institution to determine if your refund was deposited.\nHad wrong or incorrect account numbers: We will automatically create a paper refund if your direct deposit information could not be processed. Reissue Process for Missing, Lost or Destroyed RefundsYou can start the refund check reissue process by signing a refund reissue letter. Request the letter through 303-238-SERV (7378)Colorado Department of RevenueIncome Tax SectionPO Box 17087Denver, CO 80217-0087\n 
No. Enter your ad valorem taxes for your vehicle next to "registration fees". Enter your other personal property taxes (non real estate property) next to "personal property taxes". 
If you havent filed or paid for Deluxe you can try to go back to Free Edition but you will have to start overhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495 
The easiest way to determine whether or not an school is an eligible higher learning education would be whether or not it is eligible to participate in Department of Education loans (i.e. federal student loans).  Heres an IRS definition:"An eligible educational institution is any college, university, vocational school, or other postsecondary educational institution eligible to participate in a student aid program administered by the U.S. Department of Education. It includes virtually all accredited public, nonprofit, and proprietary (privately owned profit-making) postsecondary institutions. The educational institution should be able to tell you if it is an eligible educational institution. "Certain educational institutions located outside the United States also participate in the U.S. Department of Educations Federal Student Aid (FSA) programs."See: http://www.irs.gov/faqs/faq/0,,id=199785,00.html. 
No.  Federal income taxes owed and paid for a prior tax year are not reported or deductible on a federal tax return.Edit and add for state taxes paid -For the state taxes paid, you can deduct in the year paid, but not any interest or penalties.To enter state income taxes paid for prior years -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Other Income Taxes, click on the start or update button\nOn the next screen, scroll down to Other Income Taxes Paid in 2015On Payments for 2013 or prior year state or local income taxes paid in 2015, click the start or update button 
If you started amending your federal return by accident and would like to cancel the amendment, carefully follow this process to correctly unamend your federal return:\nOpen your return in TurboTax Online.\nClick Review near the top of your screen and keep going until you reach the Youre Done! Print and Mail Your Returnsscreen.\nDelete Form 1040X from your return:\nFrom the My Account dropdown in the upper right corner, select Tools.\nIn the pop-up window, click Delete a form.\nOn the Review Form List screen, click Delete next to Form 1040X, and then click Delete Selected Form on the next screen.\nClick Continue.\n\n\nNear the top of your screen, click Federal Taxes (or Personal in Home & Business) > Other Tax Situations > scroll down to Other Tax Forms > then click Start or Update next to Amend a Return.\nClick Continue on the following screen (Well help you amend) and then answer No, I dont need to amend to the question Have you already filed this return? Click Continue.\nAnswer Yes when asked if you want to delete the Amended Wks and/or Form 1040X. Your return has now been properly unamended.\n 
If you started amending your federal return by accident and would like to cancel the amendment, carefully follow this process to correctly unamend your federal return:\nOpen your return in TurboTax Online.\nClick Review near the top of your screen and keep going until you reach the Youre Done! Print and Mail Your Returnsscreen.\nDelete Form 1040X from your return:\nFrom the My Account dropdown in the upper right corner, select Tools.\nIn the pop-up window, click Delete a form.\nOn the Review Form List screen, click Delete next to Form 1040X, and then click Delete Selected Form on the next screen.\nClick Continue.\n\n\nNear the top of your screen, click Federal Taxes (or Personal in Home & Business) > Other Tax Situations > scroll down to Other Tax Forms > then click Start or Update next to Amend a Return.\nClick Continue on the following screen (Well help you amend) and then answer No, I dont need to amend to the question Have you already filed this return? Click Continue.\nAnswer Yes when asked if you want to delete the Amended Wks and/or Form 1040X. Your return has now been properly unamended.\n 
You must print it out and mail it yourself.Federal amended returns take about 4 months to process.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1 https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...
Try a different internet browser. 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Pay now, or pay later. Make an Estimated Tax payment now to avoid a big tax bill next year. 
The Making Work Pay Tax Credit expired in 2010, there is no credit for 2011. 
The IRS does not send any type of acceptance notification to you for the extension request.You can use this TurboTax website to check the status of an e-filed extension or tax return - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspSee this TurboTax support FAQ for printing the extension request - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2879424-how-do-i-print-my-4868-extension-form-after-e-filing-it-th... 
Your tax returns are in files with the extension .tax2015, .tax2014, etc.  You should have backups in a safe place before upgrading.  It would also be a good idea to keep extra copies of your completed tax returns as PDFs using the print all forms and worksheets command.  (Macs can save as PDFs instead of printing.  I think windows can too but Im not sure.)I would not guarantee that your turbotax program files will survive the upgrade.  They should, but thats on Microsoft.Turbotax currently supports Turbotax 2012 and newer.  If you have the CD, you might be better off uninstalling then reinstalling from the CD.  If you bought a downloadable installer from Turbotax, you can download it again from your account.  Other vendors of downloads may or may not offer access.For 2011 and earlier, they are not supported by turbotax, so if you remove and reinstall, even if you have the CD, you wont get the updates that were issued during the tax season and you wont be able to download any state modules, so you will have to take your chance with the upgrade.  (Old versions may not run under Win10 for other reasons, anyway.) 
You would report any data on a Form 1099-C as it appears on the form.  Assuming you received a 1099-C that was dated for or during tax year 2010,  and the amount that appears is $3333.33, you would report that as income.  Cancelled debt or forgiven debt is considered income by tax authorities.  You may enter this data in Turbo Tax Deluxe by entering the search term 1099-C through the Tools tab, upper right of program.  Click through to Topics and Forms, enter 1099-C or Cancellation of Debt in that search window, will take you to a screen Tell Us About Your Cancelled Debt   "I received a 1099-C for the cancellation of debt on my main home (foreclosure or short sale). Though you do not specify foreclosure or short sale, should still apply.   Click on the "Explain This" tab to review as applicable to your circumstances.  You may qualify for exclusion of tax on this cancelled debt income.  Hope this helps.
0% capital gains tax rate for 2015 taxes applies toSingle or married filing separately $37,450Married filing jointly$74,900Head of household$50,200 
Yes, both the W-2 amount and the difference between box 5 and box 2 on the 1098-T are taxable income. Scholarships/stipends/grants uses for room and board and other living expenses are taxable income. Scholarships used for tuition, fees and books and other course materials are tax free. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
The IRS will send a paper check if it cant deposit it for any reason.  The check will go to the name and address on the tax return.  It takes about a week longer. 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
See this link for information about getting a refund http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Refund---Dissatisfied--60-day-money-back-/TurboTax-Satisfaction-Guarantee-and-Our-Product-Refund-Policy/GEN12231.html 
TGB is technically correct, however, in many cases there is either no one around the organization to prepare the return and / or there are no funds to pay a professional to complete the tax returns.As a member in an LLC you are required to maintain your basis in your LLC investment.  This begins with your initial capital contribution, adjusted annually for the applicable lines on the K-1 including any distributions.If you have not maintained this, then I would recommend that you pull together all your K-1s and prepare your basis. This is the only way you will know your true loss.Once you have your basis, then you can determine your loss.  If you have a positive figure, then this represents your loss in the venture; capital loss (assuming you did not make any additional capital contributions within the last 12 months which would make part of the loss short term).This loss would be reflected on Schedule D and the applicable form 8949.  I would just delete the K-1 from the system.If you ever do receive a K-1, then you can amend your return accordingly. 
I dont think you need to pay again.  Ask support.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
You can file a Form 8379 for each tax year.  Complete, print, sign/date and mail each tax year separately.IRS Form 8379 - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8379.pdfIRS Form 8379 instructions - https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i8379.pdfUse this IRS website for the address on where to mail, click on your state - https://www.irs.gov/uac/where-to-file-paper-tax-returns-with-or-without-a-paymentUse the address for a 1040X Without a payment. 
That is correct. You have GA source income and will have to file a GA non-resident return. You will also have to report the GA income on your LA return too. But LA will give you a credit, or partial credit, for the tax you paid GA. This is pretty much the same in all states. 
Go through the interview for Vehicle Registration Fees.  If your state is one that allows for a deduction of the fees and personal property tax, the program will enter it on your forms for you.If you had a major purchase in 2010, like a vehicle, and paid state sales tax on that purchase, you can deduct the sales tax paid on your Tax Year 2010 return.Go to Deductions and Credits. In the sections Estimates and Other Taxes Paid, on Sales Tax click the start or update button.The interview will take you to where your state is listed. Click edit on your state. The interview will take you to a section where you can enter your sales tax for Major Purchases. 
Go back to your income interview. It should show EDIT or DELETE. 
You did not make an error. TurboTax Online does not support extensions for customers outside the U.S. This leaves you with two choices.1. Switch to the CD/Download TurboTax software, which does support the overseas extension statement. See the FAQ at the following link for instructions to switch. You can download your tax return and finish it in the software, so you do not have to reenter everything.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901476-how-do-i-switch-from-turbotax-online-to-the-turbotax-softw...If you switch to the CD/Download software and do not pay for TurboTax Online for 2015, then on October 18, 2016 you will permanently lose access to any saved online returns from prior years. So you should download the PDFs and .tax data files of any prior-year online returns and save them on your computer before that date.2. Print your tax return and file it by mail. Attach a statement that you make up yourself. Put your name and Social Security number at the top of the statement. 
If this is not a RRSP or a RRIF and a retirement plan, than (I assume) the pension must be Canada Pension Plan, Quebec Pension Plan, or Old Age Security. If this is the case, the pension is taxed as US social security for US residents.You will need to report this on the same line that you would report US net social security benefits (box 5 of 1099-SSA). If you have a US 1099-SSA as well combine the box 5 net US social security with your Canadian equivalent social security.In TurboTax go to:Federal Taxes TABWages and Income SubTABClick Explore On My OwnFind the Section labeled Retirement and Social Security 
The long-term capital gain must be from an investment in a qualified technology business located in Virginia. The investment must be made between April 1, 2010 and June 30, 2013 and the annual revenue of the business must be less than $3 million prior to the investment. 
No. The tax credit, if any, would go to the holder of the cars title (the leasing company). 
First -- verify that your returns have\nbeen filed and accepted --  then check the fed & state web sites\nto see where you are in the process-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on this Secure TurboTax\nwebsite\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your\nreturn and if it was accepted or rejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed\nseparately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax support article on\nchecking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure\n\n\n  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds/What-to-Expect-for-Refunds-This-Year\n\n\n\n  https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/IRS-Ready-to-Start-2016-Tax-Season-Encourages-use-of-IRS-gov-and-e-File-Works-with-States,-Industry-on-Identity-Theft-Refund-Fraud\n\n\nhttps://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Tax-Season-Refund-Frequently-Asked-Questions\n\nFor the states:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899433-how-do-i-track-my-state-refund\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901670-how-do-i-contact-my-state-department-of-revenue 
If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time.If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
See\nthe following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier\nreturn completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nOnce\nthe PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return\nwith any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.\n\nYou\nhave to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and\npassword you used to create the account.\n\nIf\nyou may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following\nTurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-password\n\nOr\nyou may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accounts\n\nIf\nyou receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that\nyou need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ\n- https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523\n\nIf\nyou still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer\nservice/support through their contact website during business hours.\n\nUse\nthe following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.\n Submit your question/problem during business hours and\nthen use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to\nspeak directly with a TurboTax agent -\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ \n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\nIf\nyou used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only\ncopy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the\nreturn was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed\nusing the desktop editions.\n\nYou\ncan also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You could try to delete Form 5405 from your return (Home > We Can Help You > Delete a Form).  If you still get an efile error, you may have to mail your return. 
Despite the difference in your incomes, jointly is usually more advantageous.In order to do so, in the absence of a Social Security Number your spouse would have to acquire an ITIN (Individual Taxpayer Identification Number) to be used on your joint tax return.The ITIN should be acquired well in advance of the end of the tax year.What is needed is your spouse to file a Form W-7, the details of which and a link to the form are available on the IRS website at:   https://www.irs.gov/uac/about-form-w7 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4781488 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked, see this TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2572558-message-access-to-prior-year-returns-is-lockedIf you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Make sure that if it is a new pin number that you enter it in the box that is supplied under the selection "I forgot my pin number". 
If you already paid for a 2014 return, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support, explain your situation about what happened, and ask them for the software download.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
Im not really understanding your issue, so I can only guess you got hit with underpayment penalties because you didnt make estimated tax payments, when you should have.The US and California income tax systems are both pay as you go systems.  Most people pay as they go by having income taxes withheld from their regular paychecks.  People who have significant amounts of income from which withholding generally doesnt apply, e.g., dividends, capital gains, independent contractor revenue, etc., need to make estimated tax payments instead on a more or less quarterly basis.  If you dont do that you can be assessed underpayment penalties in addition to the tax that you owe.If the US and California systems werent pay as you go we could all zero out our withholding, pay not estimated taxes, and simply writer a very big check come April 15th.Tom Young 
Only your state would know that. Check your states tax website. 
Contact your employer for an explanation of the difference to determine which one is correct. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5439942 
If the difference is more than any TT fees you chose to have withheld from the refund, youll be getting a letter from the IRS in about two weeks. 
looks like you probably put a period after 304. go back and check how you entered the 1099R. 
First, verify that your tax return was e-filed and accepted or rejected by the IRS:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp
Duplicate question. See https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/c4Ri-QIVWr4zLJeJfaab2kPlease post your question only once. This is a message board, not live chat. It might take a while for someone to answer your question. 
Unfortunately the IRS has been experiencing delays with processing refunds, please read the following article for more details.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Tax-Refund/When-will-I-get-my-tax-refund-/GEN12488.htmlI hope this helps! 
You must do this yourself, by going all the way through the File tab to the Transmit button. 
Contact the social security administration to obtain a copy of your 1099-SSA. Please click the link below for more information.http://www.ssa.gov/pgm/services.htm 
You must be itemizing.report unreimbursed job related expenses on Form 2106, which will transfer to Schedule A.Go to the Forms List to find and delete Schedule C. 
Im not sure, but I would expect you can deduct 10% of your rent from your "taxable" income. Just go through the home office section, and one of the questions asked will be "do you own the home". Of course, youll answer no and go from there. Id expect it to then ask for rent you pay and so forth. 
Yes, but not exactly. You may NOT count the amount you pay as child support. Room & Board are qualifying expenses for a tax exclusion on the earnings on a 529 plan withdrawal. For students living off campus, the allowable amount is actual cost or the amount charged by the school for on-campus students; whichever is less. For students living at home, the amount allowed is further limited to the amount the school allows for financial aid. See https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1681645-my-son-is-living-at-home-while-full-time-student-at-colleg... 
TurboTax (TT) can prepare an Ohio SD return, but the preparation is not automatic. You have to initiate it. You can print and mail, but no longer e-file. At the screen, in the Ohio program, titled A few things before we wrap up your state taxes      scroll down to School District taxes. or later atYour 2014 Ohio Taxes are ready for us to check    -Click Other situations    -Scroll down to School District taxes. Instead, you may want to try filing a manual return. Get the SD 100 at http://www.tax.ohio.gov/Forms.aspx. 
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Please see this for an explanation:https://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3831/must-i-pay-taxes-on-social-security-benefit... 
1.  Are you sure your car registration fees are deductible?  See this: https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/tax-tips/Tax-Deductions-and-Credits/Is-Your-Car-Registration-D...2.  Even if your car registration fees are deductible in whole or in part, youll only get the deduction if you itemize deductions on Schedule A.  You wont get it if you take the Standard Deduction. 
Yes, you need to go back through the sale.  You would show 1/4 of the $75,000 as the basis and end up with a long term capital loss. 
you must divide your proceeds  proportionally in the ratio of 2.01 to 4.96If you purchased the stock on or after 2011, the broker will do this for you (Boxes A and D), otherwise, you do it. 
Roth IRA contributions are not deductible and do not have any effect on your tax owed. The notice that you received tells you exactly what the IRS changed. What, exactly, does it say? 
A Federal refund on an amended return will be mailed to you by check. 
See if it will let you switch back using clear and start over using the info in this FAQ.  If you paid or already registered in Free Edition, it wont let you.   If that happens, we can tell you about another free TurboTax product you may be able to use, which is free for both Federal and State.FAQ:  Can I switch to a lower-priced version of TurboTax Online? https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3288495 
If you are entitled to a refund, you need to file an amended return for 2009.  Use your desktop copy of TT 2009 to prepare an amended return, print it, and mail it in.  You can not efile an amended return.  You have until Apr 15, 2013 to file an amended return and claim a refund.  If you miss the three year window, you forfeit the refund.If you did not file a 2009 tax return in the first place and you think you may be entitled to a refund, then you still use TT 2009 to prepare your 2009 tax return.   If you have to pay a late filing fee,   it should be a nominal amount.  It is important to file the tax return (even if you werent required to file one in the first place) so you start the statute of limitations clock on the 2009 tax year.  If you never file a 2009 tax return, you could have audit exposure forever because there is no statute of limitations in effect to stop the clock for tax year 2009 
If you are filing a tax return with a tax refund there is no penalty for filing after the due date of the return.If you are filing a tax return and have taxes owed, then after the IRS receives the return and the taxes owed have been paid, they will send you a bill in the mail for the late filing penalties, late payment penalties and interest on the taxes owed and unpaid.See this IRS website for information on penalties - https://www.irs.gov/uac/things-you-should-know-about-filing-late-and-paying-penalties 
You are not required to deduct all of you mortgage interest , but we suggest you deduct all in which you are entitled.If you have the documentation for your interest payments, you need not be concerned with the IRS. 
Only\nif you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8. 
If this is for a return\nfiled for the tax year 2014 or earlier, there is no easy way to create an\nupdated PDF because the online program is only for 2015.  You will\nneed to download a copy of Turbotax and your tax data file to your computer,\nand print the return from your computer.  Call customer support during\nbusiness hours for assistance. To contact customer support, use this link M\n- F 8AM-5PM Pacific. Type a keyword and you will get an appropriate phone\nnumber for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link\noutside of normal office hours.) https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ 
They are not earned income ... they are passive income so you cannot use the earned income exclusion. Instead you will use the foreign tax credit or deduction to avoid the double taxation.       If you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you have already followed the above procedure and are not getting a complete tax return in the PDF you downloaded, then follow this procedure -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add as state (you will not actually be adding a state).  This will take you back to the 2015 online return that you filed.  Click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Click on Print Center.  Click on Print, save or preview this years return.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you were married any time during 2010, you are considered married the entire year.  Therefore, both you and your husband must have qualified for the homebuyer credit in order to receive it. 
You can claim a child for EIC if the child lived with you for more than  the year.  Since she lived with you for more then 1/2 the year you can claim the EIC, when entering their personal information on the Enter Dependent Information screen by Dependent Type select Nondependent  used for EIC/dependent care only. 
You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can also print a copy of your return by accessing the\nPrint Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
That question has too many different facets to give you a one-shot answer.  If you file a joint return he in effect elects to be taxed as a US Resident Alien.  Whether being taxed in two countries with offsetting exclusions and credits is better than you filing separately is something you need to work out both ways. 
Start by getting a copy of the 1095-A for yourself and discuss it with them.  See if it was incorrect and have them correct it.    https://www.healthcare.gov/contact-us/Then comply with the IRS notice even if there is no change to the return.  Log back into your\nreturn by clicking on Visit My Tax Timeline\n\n>>> click on\nadd a state to open the tax file\n\n>>> click on the\nHealth Insurance tab to enter the 1095-A information and complete the 8962\nquestions\n\n \n\n Under the Personal tab,\nselect the Health Insurance section of TurboTax.\n\n When asked, Did you have health insurance\ncoverage in 2015?, select that you had health insurance coverage and\nContinue.\n\n When asked, Was anyone enrolled in a plan from\na Marketplace?, select Yes.\n\n When asked, What type of plan were you enrolled\nin?, select Obamacare plan (1095-A), and then Continue.\n\n Follow the prompts to\nenter the 1095-A.\n\n \n\n>>> click on the\nReview tab and fix any errors if needed\n\n>>> click on My\nAccount > Print center > save a fresh PDF of the return\n\n>>> print off the\nform 1040 & 8962\n\n>>> send the SIGNED page 2 of the form 1040, the\n1095-A & the 8962 as directed in the letter on page 2\n\n 
Your last name wouldnt happen to start with an "O" would it?  The first character in the IL license number is a letter, not a number.  Many people enter a zero rather than the letter "O" and that confuses the license routine.  Remember you can also use last years AGI or your nine-digit zip code rather than the license number. 
Use the following TurboTax\nwebsite to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is open Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n \n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during business hours and then use the\noption for Call.  \n\nThere will be some personal\ninformation gathered so a case can be created for you.  A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The\nCall option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You would file a joint non-resident UT return, and a joint resident AL return. The UT income and credit for taxes paid will show up on the AL return. 
One possibility is that the real estate taxes (put on Schedule A) are reducing your taxable income and this in turn is reducing some or all of your refundable credits. 
You really should use the dedicated phone number for this purpose listed on the notice but you can try this instead ...If you want to talk to someone at the\nIRS, you could try the following. (Thanks to SuperUser epo39b for figuring out\nmost of this sequence.)\n\nCall the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 weekdays\nfrom 7am to 7pm local time.\n\nAt the first prompt press 1 for\nEnglish.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for questions\nabout your personal income taxes.\n\nAt the next menu press 1 for questions\nabout a form you have already submitted, your tax history, or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 4 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nAt the next menu press 2 for all other\nquestions about your tax history or payment.\n\nThere will be a brief pause. When it\nasks you to enter your SSN or EIN to access your account information, dont\nenter anything. After it asks twice, you will get another menu. Press 2 for\npersonal or individual tax questions.\n\nIt will then put you in the queue for a\nlive agent, and tell you the estimated wait time.
please see your other question. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
You should not need to do anything as far as your tax return is concerned. The one exception would be if you claimed the Retirement Savers Contribution Credit on form 8880, based on that contribution. That is unlikely.You should try to get your broker to correct his records to prevent possible future problems (also unlikely).But, that said, why did you change it? Designating it for 2015 is usually the better advantage, as you can still make an additional 2016 contribution.
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Not all employers are on the import partners list  or they may not have the import function operational at this time... so you will need to manually enter the form.TurboTax partners - https://www.partner.turbotax.com/top_partner_list.html
You need to ask the attorney what specifically he wants, as the IRS has no procedure to insure that something will not trigger an audit. This sounds like an attorney not experienced in tax law. (And, I would be reluctant to raise the issue with the IRS because they might wonder why you are appearing to want to avoid an audit.) 
No.The money you hear about people getting for just filing a\ntax return, claiming kids or not, requires the person to \nhave some earned income (wages or self employment). Without earned\nincome, she is not eligible for the refundable Earned Income\nCredit or Additional Child Tax Credit. There is a refundable education credit. But, if she is your dependent, you are allowed to claim that credit, if she was in college. 
Open the 2015 TurboTax Mac application and then use the top Mac menu bar File -> Open Tax Return to locate your xxxx15.tax2015 tax file.     If you cannot locate the tax file see:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901659-find-your-tax-data-file-in-macThen use File -> Print or File -> Save To PDF to print a copy.
It is not - see the notation "State Additional" for each Turbotax product at http://turbotax.intuit.com/ 
Either one, they are the same.  You are considered self employed and have to fill out a schedule C for business income.  Enter it under…..Federal Taxes TabWages & IncomeChoose Explore on my own (if it comes up)Then scroll way down to Business Income & ExpensesThen Profit or Loss from Business click Start or Update.You use your own name and ssn.   You should say you use the Cash Accounting Method and all  income is at risk.  After you put in your income and expenses  if your net profit is $400 or more you will pay 15.3% Self Employment tax in addition to your regular income tax. After it asks if you received any 1099Misc it will ask if you had any income not reported on a 1099Misc. You should be keeping your own records.  Just go through the interview and answer the questions.   Then you will enter your expenses.Here are the IRS instructions for 2010 Schedule C, the business codes start on page 9http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf Also here is IRS information on Self Employment….http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=115045,00.html If you are using the Free Edition you will have  to upgrade to a higher paid version to fill out a Schedule C. 
If the educational expense is incurred to meet the minimal requirements for a trade or business or to qualify for a new job, trade or business, it is not deductibleDeductible education and training expenses include those that are required by your employer or the law to keep your salary, status, or job, or to maintain or improve skills required in your work 
Please go here for additional assistance:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
TT is not licensed for use by paid tax preparers.  Please go here:http://accountants.intuit.com/ 
In the same area in Turbo Tax, in the "my home" section of deductions and credits. 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours. Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
To file an FBAR you must go to the US Treasurys  BSA E-Filing System website and complete the online FinCEN Report 114.See this IRS website for information on FBAR reporting - https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/report-of-foreign-bank-and-financial-a... 
Yes. 
Yes it should only give you the difference in price.  Are you in the same account?  Better call in and check.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
It wouldnt hurt to add the only intangible benefit statement.There is a general issue with any non-profit organization that you cant take a tax deduction for material benefits you receive as part of membership, but things like access to meetings, discounts on products, and other benefits of membership are intangible and dont have to be accounted for. Heres the IRS guide https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p1828.pdfIf your denomination doesnt have a web site or treasurers office with additional guidance, you might look at the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (www.ecfa.org).  They have a lot of good resources and some denominations are denominational members so you may get a partial discount or free silver membership (I think, its been a while). 
This what IRS indicated on its website:\n\nGeneral Procedural QuestionsQuestion: What should I do if Im concerned because my check for payment to the IRS has not been cashed yet?Answer:You should check first with your financial institution to verify that your check has not cleared your account before you contact the IRS.If it has been at least two weeks since you sent your payment to the IRS and your financial institution verifies that the check has not cleared your account, you can call the IRSs toll-free number at 800-829-1040 to ask if the payment has been credited to your account.If the payment has not been credited and your check has not cleared, you may choose to place a stop payment order on the original check and send another payment. In this case, the IRS does not charge a failure to pay penalty.\n\n 
This could also mean the state adjusted your income, which resulted in other changes. Did you forget to claim something, or make a data entry error?  Depending upon what they changed, you may need to amend your Federal return. 
See instructions here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw4p.pdf
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
When entering pension income in the Retirement Plans and Social Security section of the program, you are given four choices of forms that you can select (see screenshot) -\nForm 1099-R\nForm CSA-1099-R\nForm CSF-1099-R\nForm RRB-1099-R\nTo enter a form 1099-R\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Retirement Plans and Social Security\nOn IRA, 401(k), Pension Plan Withdrawals (1099-R), click the start or update button\nNote - This is a TurboTax user to user forum so no one can call you.  If you need further assistance contact TurboTax support and speak directly with an agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
the ownership percentage is used for allocating expenses of  (and incomes from)  the property .  It is also used for allocating the  depreciation .  So I would think that you show disposition of the property .  When you exercise the  mineral rights and have income / expenses for that then you essentially show this as a new property with the same address. 
You need the 2013 desktop software. If you originally used a paid version of 2013 TT Online, please contact TT Support:Simply click here to submit your question, and get a phone number. Open Monday-Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM Pacific time. 
Money that you put in a regular taxable brokerage account is not deductible. If the account is a traditional IRA or other tax-sheltered account you may be able to deduct part or all of the amount you contributed. 
for the furnace you can enter it as a residential energy credit. though it is capped at 150 
If you mean you changed the refund instructions from direct deposit to mailing a check, the check will be mailed to the address on your tax return. The refund instructions had to be completed prior to submitting your tax return. 
For a start, please see:https://www.ssa.gov/planners/retire/whileworking.htmlhttps://www.ssa.gov/planners/taxes.html
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
It is possible that you skipped that section or that they were not required ... You can do them now ...You can use the 2015 TurboTax\nto make an estimate of your 2016 taxes and to print quarterly tax vouchers, but\nyou cant file your quarterly taxes with TurboTax. You can either mail your\nvouchers or you can file (more easily) using the IRS electronic payments system\n(EFTPS). See the following: https://www.eftps.gov/eftps/\n\nTo find the 1040ES in\nTurboTax:\n\nForm\n1040-ES: Individual Estimated Tax Voucher is used to submit quarterly estimated taxes to\nthe IRS.  Form W-4: Employees Withholding Allowance Certificate is submitted to your employer to change\nthe amount of taxes withheld from each paycheck.\n\nThese two forms apply\nto the following tax year, so make sure to use the correct tax year version to\ngenerate these forms. \n\n1.    Open your tax return or sign in to your\nTurboTax Online account.\n\n2.    Click the Federal Taxes tab (Personal tab in the Home & Business\nversion) and then click Other Tax Situations right below it.\n\n3.    Near the bottom of your screen, to the right\nof Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click Start or Update.\n\n4.    Follow the on-screen steps.\n\nWhen you\ngo through your state return, look for the Estimated Taxes screen, which youll see towards the\nend of your state interview.\n\nTip: In the program,\nthere are four 1040-ES vouchers\nnumbered consecutively from 1 to 4 for payments due April 18, June 15, and\nSeptember 15 of 2015, and January 16 of 2017, respectively. You can print\nall the vouchers, or just individual ones.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You will need to paper file your return as it will be rejected if you E-file.  Your father will need to amend his return so that it shows that hes not claiming you as a dependent. 
They did it correctly ... even though you didnt get the money you did get a paid education. It only remained a tax free benefit if you completed the time restriction.  This would be the same as you paying for your own education out of pocket.
You should also look at the amounts in Box 12 of your W-2.  If you entered the wrong code for one or more, that could also cause an increase in line 71. 
I strongly suggest you seek the help of a tax professional to check your returns. 
You cant. It is either all state and local income taxes or sales taxes from all states combined. 
Several types of debt are possibly taken from a tax refund. Most common are child support and student loan in arrears. Also any state taxes or prior year federal taxes due.You should receive a letter from the IRS that tells you what adjustments were made or you can contact https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc203.html to see what it was.  BFSs TOP call center at 800-304-3107 It might be a adjustment to something you incorrectly claimed on your return also but the IRS would explain that also. 
Turbotax should send you an email when your account is past due that has a billing information in the email . https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3092696-if-my-refund-is-offset-how-do-turbo-tax-gets-paidOr you can contact Turbotax by phone during business hours Pacific time M-F the phone contact will be greyed out when closed. https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/
The state of Georgia uses the Federal Adjusted Gross Income from the federal tax return Form 1040 Line 37 for Georgia Form 500 Line 8.  Alimony paid is an adjustment to income on Federal Form 1040 Line 31a.See IRS Tax Topic 452 Alimony Paid - https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc452.htmlSee this TurboTax support FAQ on alimony - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3067598-can-i-deduct-alimony 
For Oklahoma, your Texas State Employee Retirement Income would be considered "Other Retirement Income". 
Assuming that you are an US citizen/ resident with a  tax-home in Netherlands,  US will tax you on world income and give you credit for  any income taxes paid (to another country) on earnings  that are not excluded ( Foreign Earned Income exclusion). The situation you are referring is when the host country also taxes you on world income  that includes US sourced passive income.  ( most countries with tax treaty with the USA does not do this). I suggest that you consult with a local tax person familiar with the US resident tax regime.  I will look up the tax treaty ( have to refresh my memory on this ) --- you can also do the same --www.irs.gov and search for tax treaty  and then for Holland/Netherlands.  Give me a day to come back on this . 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The Health Coverage Tax Credit expired at the end of 2013 so there was not a Form 8885 for tax year 2014.  The credit was reinstated retroactive to January 1, 2014.  The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114-27), enacted June 29, 2015, extended and modified the expired Health Coverage Tax Credit.You will need to file an amended return for tax year 2014 to claim the credit.See this IRS website for how to claim the HCTC for tax year 2014 - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/hctc-2014-form-1040x 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3289943-amend-2014-return 
There\nare several ways to see your 2015 TurboTax fees -\n\nIf\nyou paid the TurboTax fees by credit or debit card an email receipt was sent to\nthe email address that you have entered for your TurboTax account.\n\nIf\nyou have already paid the TurboTax account fees and/or are working within the 2015 tax return,\nclick on My Account at the top of the online program\nscreen.  Then click on Tools.\n Then click on My Fees\n\nIf\nyou have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign\nonto your online account click on Track your federal refund  On the Tax Timeline screen,\nclick on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When\nyou are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN\nDO, click on Get order details\n\nBefore\nyou file your return, there was a Review\nYour Order summary screen\nshowing the complete order prior to selecting your method of payment.\n\nGo\nto this website to check your orders and payments -https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/orderstatus/orderstatus.jsp\n\n\n\n\n\n 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use concerning the IRS notice you received - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3155571-what-do-i-do-if-i-received-an-irs-letter-about-a-missing-f... 
You can use this TurboTax website to show proof of e-filing and acceptance - https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspOr you can get a transcript of your federal return from the IRS - https://www.irs.gov/individuals/get-transcriptFor payment of taxes owed, your proof of payment would be the canceled check, bank account statement or credit card statement, depending on how you chose to pay the taxes owed.  The IRS and/or state does not provide proof of payment.
If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
TT refund dates are just estimates. Only the IRS can tell you the reason for the delay. , 
your refund could have increased because you had more than 20% withheld. code 1 is premature distribution and is subject to the 10% penalty unless you indicated an exception that eliminated that penalty. 
Try this tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/ 
When the refund was late the TT fee was deducted from your account and now that the refund has been released the processing fee was deducted.  This was what you agree to when you decided to use the Refund Processing Service. If the IRS is holding\nyour refund, or they reduced or offset your refund to the point where its not\nenough to cover your TurboTax fees, youll receive a Request for Payment email,\nwhich includes instructions on how you can pay your TurboTax fees (minus the\nRefund Processing fee).\n\nIf you do not pay\nyour fees within the time frame specified in the email, youll receive 2\nadditional Account\nDebit Pending reminder emails.\n\nFinally, if your\nfees are still unpaid 45 days after your original estimated refund date, well\ndebit your bank account for your TurboTax fees and youll receive a Debit to your bank account has\nbeen initiated notification email.\n\nNote: If the IRS\nreleases your refund after youve\npaid your TurboTax fees, we wont deduct your TurboTax fees twice. However, we\nstill deduct the Refund Processing fee.\n\nHow\ndo you justify debiting my account for the TurboTax and/or Refund Processing\nfees?\n\nThis provision is\nspelled out in the Refund Processing Agreement:\n\nIn addition, by\nclicking the I Agree button below, you electronically sign and\nauthorize Intuit (through its third party processor) to debit the TurboTax\nFees, Additional Products and Services Purchased and any applicable sales tax\nfrom your bank account number identified in the Agreement below, in the event\nthat you do not receive a tax refund that is sufficient to pay for them.\n\n
Hi there,If you used SBTPG to pay your TurboTax fees then you should use the date given by the bank as the date to expect your refund. Heres the link to check the status of your refund. https://cisc.sbtpg.com/index.aspxHope this helps you out. 
The transcript is a good idea ...Other option is giving them  the copy with the electronic postmark attached..... \n\nHeres how to print out\nproof of all the e-filing activity related to your return, including the\nElectronic Postmark:\n\nTurboTax Online \nSimply go through the steps to check\nyour e-file status online to retrieve your filing status\nhistory. You can then capture a screenshot or print it out. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2902040-where-do-i-print-off-a-proof-of-transmittance\n\n TurboTax CD/Download software\n\n1.    First,\nopen your return.\n\n2.    Then,\nfrom File menu\nin TurboTax, select Electronic\nFiling > Show Electronic Filing Status History (Windows)\nor Check\nE-Filing Status (Mac).\n\n3.    Click Print.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say?  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite. 
For the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-B:Start the Stocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, Other interview and tick the blue Edit button on the same line as the Fidelity name on the page Heres the investment sales info we have so far.  On the Heres what we got for these sales page tick the Edit button(s) for any Box A, Box B, etc. trades where taxes were withheld.  On the Review your Box (box letter) sales pages tick the box next to This sale involves an employee stock plan (including ESPP) or an uncommon situations for any trades where taxes were withheld, and click on the blue Start now button that shows up.  On the Tell us about your situation page select the radio button next to My 1099-B has info I know isnt right, or it has extra info I need to add.  On the What Other Info Do You Need to Enter page tick the box next to This Form 1099-B shows the Federal or State income Taxes were withheld from the proceeds of this sale.  That will bring up a page titled Tax Withheld on This SaleFor the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-INT:Start the Interest on 1099-INT interview and tick the blue Edit button on the same line as the Fidelity name.  On the page Lets get your 1099-INT or brokerage statement details page tick the box next to My form has info in more than just box 1 (this is uncommon).  That will bring up additional boxes that are shown on a 1099-INT, including Box 4 for Federal income tax withheld.  If state taxes were also withheld on the next page tick the box next to State income taxes were withheld on this interest (box 15-14 on the 1099-INT) and then click Continue.  For the taxes withheld and reported to you on your 1099-DIV:Start the Dividends on 1099-DIV interview.  All the rest of the steps are almost exactly the same as those for the 1099-INT.Tom Young 
Heres another way to navigate to the interview for Form 1116 - Foreign Tax Credit:\nLog in and open your return (if not already open.)\nOnce the return is open, click at the top on MY ACCOUNT, then choose TOOLS.\nThen choose TOPIC SEARCH.\nEnter Form 1116 without quotes.\n\nChose the selection for Form 1116 in the list that appears, and click GO.  (or double-click the highlighted selection).\n\n 
Yes, as long as you have not yet actually filed (i.e., not yet efiled or actually mailed the return), you can make changes.TurboTax will think you are finished, however, so you have to open your return back up.\nLog in and go to your 2015 Tax Timeline.\nIf TurboTax thinks you are finished, there will be no Take me to my return (continue return) button.\nSo in that case, scroll down to Some things you can do.\n\nChoose Add a State.  (you dont really add one; thats just to get the return to open up.)\nOnce the return is open, you can make whatever changes you need to before filing.\n\nNOTE:  Do NOT use this method to open a return to make changes to an \nalready-filed return (one that has actually been mailed or efiled.)   If you later need to make changes to an already-filed return, you have to \ngo through the formal amending process, and your return must start off \nexactly as originally filed. 
1) Problem is most likely with CA FTB; They screwed up withholding for Thousands of taxpayers this year, and plan to send notification letters by Mon 13 June. You can wait for your follow-up letter, or2) Mail copies of your withholding documents (W-2, 1099) to FTB per existing letter, and3) Note that this is a PUBLIC Turbotax forum, NOT Turbotax support, so you should NOT post your name/e-mail address here, and 4) Use the TT contact link below if you still want individual attention from TurboTax ...https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-trying-to-contact-us-or-reach-the-turbotax-support-telephone-number 
See if this FAQ will help you:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938
Have you actually received your refund payment from the IRS, or is it still tied up there?If you already received your Federal refund, and the TurboTax fees had already been subtracted before you got it, then youll need to phone TurboTax Support on Monday.If you havent already received your Federal refund, then you probably have not been charged twice.   TurboTax likely changed your method of payment of the fees.  See if the scenario below explains your situation.   If it does, the fee will not be taken out again when your refund is released.Has your refund been delayed a long time at the IRS, or did they reduce the amount of your refund?  If there is a long delay, TurboTax will ultimately debit your bank account to get its fees.  However, before doing that they send you some emails to warn you and let you have the opportunity to pay by another method.If your refund later is released by the IRS, the product fees will not be taken out of your refund again, so you will not be double-charged for the product fees.  However, the refund processing fee (34.99 or 39.99) will still be deducted at that time.  The figure you quoted above does not include the processing fee.Also see this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2552376-what-if-my-federal-refund-isn-t-enough-to-cover-my-turbota... 
To unlock prior year\nreturns you must start & pay for the 2015 Online program.\n\nYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
Yep, the Online program only. 
This is the US forum....\n\nHere is the Canada website\nhttp://turbotax.intuit.ca/tax-software/index.jsp \n\nTT Canada Forum\nhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca
Yes, the returns do not go to the same place since they are processed by separate taxing authorities.  There are filing instructions for both returns in the tax file.  So where did you mail them?  Federal address :  https://www.irs.gov/uac/illinois-where-to-file-addresses-for-taxpayers-and-tax-professionalsState address is on page 2 : http://tax.illinois.gov/taxforms/incmcurrentyear/individual/il-1040-x.pdf 
If you are a bona fide resident of another country or State, being a lessor of IL property by itself would not change your apparent domicile. See https://www.isba.org/sections/statelocaltax/newsletter/2010/06/imanonresidentofillinoismaybe for an excellent dicussion of factors used to determine taxable domicile in IL ... 
At the link below is the product page for the dedicated Business Edition (S-Corp, C-Corp, partnerships, estates/trusts, multi-member LLC, etc.).It is a desktop product only (CD/download), and only for Windows.https://turbotax.intuit.com/small-business-taxes/ 
For foreign earned income you report the income on Form 2555.  Form 2555 is not a stand-alone tax return.  It is included with and part of your personal tax return, Form 1040.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
You mean you received your REFUND?  Read this on how to amend a 2011 return�.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html  The amended return is form 1040X and can only be mailed (not efiled) and will take 8-12 weeks or more to process.  And they only send checks for amended returns, no direct deposit.  You should also wait to amend your return until you get your original refund or your payment has cleared because the IRS might adjust your original return.When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. Then the amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 17 should be your original refund amount and line 20 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 15.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 19. 
It appears that the Amend option under Some Things You Can Do has been removed from the the 2015 Timeline.  This will be reported to the Moderators of this forum.Try this - When on the 2015 Timeline, click on Add a state (you will not actually be adding a state).  On the following screen there should be a button labeled Amend/Change My ReturnPlease reply back to confirm that this is what you are seeing using your sign on for the 2015 online tax return.
There are 2 ways to save a return as a PDF ... try them both and make sure your PDF reader is up to date...You can print your complete return now by following the\ninstructions below. These options will include all worksheets associated with\nyour return, in addition to the official forms that would be filed.\n\n\n Sign in at  https://turbotax.intuit.com  and click Taxes near the top. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n On the 2015 Tax\n     Timeline screen, in the Some things you can do section, click Download all forms and worksheets.  If you\n     want to print your return without the worksheets select Download/print return (PDF)\n\n\n\nYou can\nalso print a copy of your return by accessing the Print Center.\n\n1.  \nSign in at TurboTax.com and click Taxes near the top. This will\nopen your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.  \nIn the 2015 Tax Year section,\nclick Add a state (were\nnot really adding one, this is just a way to reopen your return).\n\n3.  \nAfter the blue Simple\nand accurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your\nreturn. You can then select Print Center from\nthe My Account drop-down.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300331 
Yes you can amend an amended return however you really need to save & print a copy of the first amendment BEFORE you start in case you need to start over.  The new amended returns column A must be the amounts from the first amended returns column C. 
You will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
I think this quote from the article you cited sums up the situation well:For certain locations, the rental service that you use might collect these taxes directly from customers making reservations and forward them to the appropriate government authority. In most cases, though, youre probably responsible for collecting the taxes from customers and turning that money over to authorities. Make sure you know the rules that apply in your area.If you are looking for like yes or no - do this or that - type answers that is not really possible because there isnt necessarily one way it has to be done for all locations and there are a lot of local ordinances that control on this topic.  But, generally speaking -(1)  As a guest - you pay however the host wants you to - the burden isnt on you to pay the tax a certain way, the burden is on the host (or business owner) to collect the tax from you.  If I am a host and am using a service like Airbnb, it doesnt make much sense for me to not try to collect the tax up front, whether it is a separate line charge or you build the tax into the nightly charge (why would I risk you coming to my place and refusing to pay the tax and then I lose a booking).  But, it is possible for a host to prefer you to pay the tax separately upon check in.(2)  As a business - (now it seems that you are talking from the perspective of the business of providing website booking services, not the host), you will likely collect the tax at checkout as part of the total fees and send it to the host and the host will remit the tax.  I am not aware of any places where there is a requirement for you to collect and forward the tax yourself to the authorities as that burden should still remain on the host business owner (though this is very much a local matter and you would need to research your local laws).  But, there are locations where you may have the ability to forward the tax to local authorities as part of your services and its likely that your customers may expect you to offer such services in those areas. I have included some links below so you can maybe get an idea of how its done from Airbnb.https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/654/what-is-occupancy-tax--do-i-need-to-collect-or-pay-ithttps://www.airbnb.com/help/article/653/in-what-areas-is-occupancy-tax-collection-and-remittance-by-...https://www.airbnb.com/help/article/1036/how-does-occupancy-tax-collection-and-remittance-by-airbnb-...I hope this helps.  I am still not quite sure what perspective you are asking these questions from - like are you thinking of becoming a host and want to know what your responsibilities are tax wise or are you looking to provide booking services.  Either way your best bet is to speak with local real estate or tax professional on the matter as they should be better versed in the nuisances of the localities involved.
Using the 2015 online editions of TurboTax you will need the Deluxe edition or higher.  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/Using the 2015 desktop editions of TurboTax you can use any edition.  https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/Paying for the TurboTax program you will need a US credit card with a US billing address.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
I dont see it.  According to what I read, royalty income from patents is subject to the NIIT.According to PWC, patent income is considered portfolio income and therefore subject to NIIT.https://www.pwc.com/us/en/washington-national-tax/newsletters/private-company-services-tax/assets/pw...Other sources seem to indicate the same thing.  From my view, you are trying to have your cake and eat it too.  If the royalty income is afforded LTCG treatment, why wouldnt it be subject to the NIIT?  However, you can either consult a tax professional with a background in the tax treatment of intellectual property, or elect to not pay the NIIT on such income, be audited by the IRS, and take the case to the Tax Court. 
What does the IRS Wheres My Refund site say.  To\ncheck with Turbotax on whether the return was filed and accepted, check at this Turbotax\nsite. 
Can Turbotax Premier prepare both Canadian and U.S. TaxesIt cannot.  Canadian and US taxes are two separate programs and there is no interface between the two. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
When your return is complete, make the filing selection  Ill mail it in,Mail must go through the US Post office.electronic submission, e-File, is also an option. 
It is supported for FEIN 72-0564834 in the Wages and Salaries section for entering an employer number.  Are you using the desktop editions of TurboTax?  If so, have you updated your program to the latest release?  Click on Online at the top of the desktop program screen.  Click on Check for Updates.See screenshot for the following screen after entering the FEIN in Wages and Salaries 
Yes you are. 
Hi there,Thanks for bringing this to our attention, however I did not get the same results.I just tested this scenario and TurboTax would not allow me to enter any education expenses when I indicated that I was a dependent and my parents were going to claim me on their tax return. When I visit the eduction interview screens I come to a screen like this http://screencast.com/t/usxanDz3lns and I cant go any further to enter eduction expenses. I would suggest that you return to the personal information screen where you enter your name and DOB and make sure you check the box "A parent or someone else can claim this person as a dependent".  Then a few screen latter answer yes to the question "Were you actually claimed as a dependent on someones elses return". I hope this helps you out. 
Oh, for the gross before pre-tax deductions that come out of your pay you would have to ask your employer.  You might be able to use the W2.  Box 3 & 5 probably give you the full gross amount before pre-tax and should be the higher wages.  But some pre-tax items are also deducted from SS wages in box 3 and SS also has a max amount.  Medicare box 5 should be actual gross wages.Your actual gross wages should be on each paycheck stub. 
Then you are in the wrong account.  You probably have another account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/And when you find your return if you can't get it to open, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return. 
Purchase of a business. When you purchase a trade or business, you generally purchase all assets used in the business operations, such as land, buildings, and machinery. You must allocate the price among the various assetsLoans with low or no interest. If you buy\nproperty on a time payment plan that charges\nlittle or no interest, the basis of your property is\nyour stated purchase price, minus the amount\nconsidered to be unstated interest.  For more\ninformation, see Unstated Interest and Original\nIssue Discount in Publication 537.\nhttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p551.pdfYou may wish to see a local accounting/tax professional 
Try this (Federal) tool:https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-tools/calculators/w4/For NC, see this:http://www.dornc.com/downloads/nc4.pdf 
If you can't get your return to open, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.Can you find your return?  If not,  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Which numbers are not matching up?  The wages from box 1 or the withholding in box 2?  To check your W2 just type w2 (small W) in the search box at the top of your return and click on Jump To the W2 Or go to..Federal Taxes Tab Wages & IncomeChoose Jump to Full List -or  I'll choose what I work on Then Wages and Salaries- Click the Start or Update buttonYou should get a box listing all your W2s.Then click  Edit by your W2 to double check it
No.  The two aspects are unrelated.  One aspect is timing, and the other aspect is the total paid.Being a week late with your 1st quarterly estimated payment may (or may not) cause you to owe a slight penalty/interest.Separately, the 110% requirement relates to the total of your withholding+estimated payments over the course of the year. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Personal itemized deductions are entered on Form 1040 Schedule A.  You can use the TurboTax Deluxe desktop edition or higher for tax year 2014 to complete and file a Form 1040 Schedule A.  Go to this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/A 2014 tax return can only be printed and mailed, it cannot be e-filed.Free federal forms, schedules and instructions for prior tax years can be accessed from this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html 
Passing this income to the trust through to the trust beneficiaries on the Schedules K-1 results in the income being taxed on the beneficiaries' tax returns at the beneficiaries' tax rates.It may instead be possible to distribute the IRA by splitting it and distributing a separate inherited IRA for each beneficiary, allowing each beneficiary to take distributions as needed, subject to RMD requirements.  Of course if the IRA has already been distributed to the trust, it's too late for this 
Line 16b is determined by your data entry from your 1099-R form, and answers to the questions, so review those.As for the change to line 20b, this usually happens because the IRS changes some other income item on your return, which makes more of your Social Security taxable. 
For personal debt, go to Personal, Federal Taxes, Wages and Income, under Less Common Income, on Miscellaneous Income, 1099-A, 1099-C click start 
If you didnt use Turbo Tax to file federal you would first have to fill out a federal return (dont file it) to match the real return you did file and you would have to pay for federal for it to flow into the state return.  Then you have to say you want to file federal by mail and print out both federal and state.  You have to mail the state return too.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4232481 
Assuming your business is a Sole Proprietorship, yes, you would want claim a home office deduction every year.If you business is an entity (such a corporation), rent is one option, but there a restrictions.As with any new business, it is usually in your best interests to consult a tax professional that can look at your entire situation. 
Look for a .tax2015 file on your computer (usually in My Documents).  TT doesnt store your return on its servers.Or request a copy from the IRS (filed returns only). 
Scholarships can be taxable. See this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2172062-why-is-my-scholarship-taxable
If your employer-provided dependent care entered on box 10 of your W-2 exceeds your qualified expenses incurred for the care of a dependent entered on Form 2441, you are required to report that excess as income on line 7 on Form 1040.TurboTax automatically transfers this income to the correct line with DCB printed on the dotted line next to Wages, Salaries, Tips, Etc. 
Personal residence rent is not deductible on a Federal income tax return.  Some states do have deductions or credits for such rent. 
Any profits made on the liquidation of investments in a childs UGMA or UTMA account are reported on the childs tax return. Some or all of this might be included on the parents tax return, at the parents tax rate.The so-called kiddie tax is a rule that is levied on unearned income (interest, dividends and capital gains) earned by children under the age of 19 and college students under the age of 24. For 2016, the first $1,050 of unearned income a child or college student earns will be offset by the $1,050 standard deduction (assuming the child has no earned income), and the next $1,050 of such unearned income will be taxed at the childs tax rate. All of the childs unearned income in excess of $2,100 is taxed at the parents tax rate.
How do i enter another charity 
On your TurboTax home pageClick Taxes\nClick My Tax Timeline\nScroll down to things you can do\nClick Amend under your 2015 tax return\n 
You will likely have to pay two property taxes for the year.  MD doesnt care what you did/paid for property taxes in NC.But, when you do your Federal tax return next year, you can include both states vehicle property tax as a part of your Federal itemized deductions. (Assuming you have enough deductions already, such that you will be using itemized deductions instead of the Standard deduction.) 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3199769-turbotax-requiring-i-pay-the-filing-fee-now-because-my-ref... 
Yes.  Do you need to buy the 2013 Desktop program?  You can buy it herehttps://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/2013/Or maybe support will put 2013 in your account.  Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead. 
Amended returns are only for the Difference you get back or need to pay.  If you had a refund on the original return you will still get that one too.  (and you still need to pay the tax due on the first federal return)  In fact you should not amend until you get the first refund. 
https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-supportWhat is your 2015 amended question? 
If the above amount is W-2 wages, the child is not required to file a return, but may elect to do so to claim a refund of his withholding.If he earned more than $400 net income (income less expenses) working as a self employed individual (or independent contractor), he must file a Schedule C, business income and expenses with his personal return and pay self-employment tax of 15.3% employment tax. 
Its may not a big deal, but I would recommend completing everything as accurately as possible.One reason that I can think of is depreciation.  In most cases, if you sell a business asset at a gain, that is NOT considered as earned income, and would be subject to US tax.  If you dont keep track of that, it makes it more challenging in the future.Also, if you do have any other non-earned income that is subject to US taxes, having the proper deduction on your Schedule C could affect the tax rate that the other income is taxed at.Also, when you submit your tax return, you as attesting that it is true, correct, and complete.  If you dont fill everything out in Schedule C, it would not be correct and complete.  That would technically mean you are committing perjury. 
only if you keep records of all your expenses such as fuel oil, standard repairs such as tune ups, tires, etc and then figure your depreciation of the vehicle.  Unless youve got very high mileage on a new vehicle, you probably wont qualify. 
In your situation the total miles for the route for the day would be correct. The daily delivery manifest will be your supporting document if you are ever audited. 
Try this link, enter your address/zip and it gives you your codes:https://thefinder.tax.ohio.gov/StreamlineSalesTaxWeb/default_taxdistrictsummary.aspxI hope this helps! 
The requirement to defer capital gains by purchasing a residence that was greater than the sale price of the prior home was removed from the tax code in 1997.If you sold your primary personal residence and you lived in and owned the home for at least two years in the five year period on the date of sale, you do not have to report the sale if your gains are less then the exclusion amounts of $250,000 if filing Single or $500,000 if filing Married Filing Jointly (and both lived in and owned the home for two years). 
Because of the rules surrounding a 529 plan, you do not have to pay tax on the distribution, even though he is not your dependent. As long as he is the plans beneficiary, his educational expenses, including room & board, are Qualified higher educational expenses (QHEE) for purposes of claiming the earnings exclusion (box 2 on the 1099-Q) on your tax return.You do have to coordinate with him. You may not count as QHEE, on your return, any tuition, fees or book costs that he counted in claiming the tuition credit on his own return. 
You will need to copy all your data files from the old computer to move them to the new computer.  All programs must be installed as they cannot be moved like data files.  Keep backups of all the files on a removable medium for safe keeping. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4809435Also, you are advised to save all prior year returns\nin PDF format, so that you can access them with the Adobe Reader program. You\nshould also print a hard copy of all returns. Otherwise, if you lose the\nelectronic copy, you are flat out of luck.\n\n\n\n 
That is why it is important to maintain only one user ID when using the online editions of TurboTax.  Other user IDs can be created for test purposes but the main user ID should only be used for the actual tax returns that are created.Your best option is to speak directly with a TurboTax support agent and they may be able to give you access to the other account.  Support is closed on the weekends after tax season.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number
Turbotax\nhas a new feature that tracks the dates, times, and approximate locations your\naccount was accessed.  You can log in and check this feature.  Make\nsure you log in by typing the address in your web browser and check for the\npadlock icon that means you have a verified connection.  Click Account\nTools, then Security, then scroll down for access history.\n\nBe\naware that the date and time will be accurate, but the location may be less\naccurate, especially if you are using a cell phone. Determining location from\nan internet address is notoriously prone to error.   But, any overseas\naccess is definitely a problem.  If there are log ins you dont recognize,\nyou can call customer support, and also take steps (below) to secure your\naccount better. \n\nTo\nsecure your account, log in to your Turbotax account by typing the address\ninto your browser window, and make sure your browser shows a padlock icon or\nwhatever symbol it uses to indicate a secure verified connection.  Change\nyour password, and make sure it is not something you use on other web sites.\n Change your security question to something that a crook could not guess\nfrom social media.  Make sure your email address and cell phone number are\nup to date as Turbotax may use that to help verify future attempts to log in.\n\nYou\nalso have the option to turn on 2-factor authentication for all log-ins.\n With 2-factor authentication, Turbotax will send a code to your email or\ncell phone when you try to log in. The idea is that only someone who knows your\npassword and also has possession of your phone will be able to log in, this is\nmore likely to be the real you.  Turbotax will use 2-factor authentication\nwhenever you log in from a computer that turbotax does not recognize, but you\ncan turn it on for all log-ins in your security settings.\n\nAlso see these two FAQs about the emails being sent to\nalert users on the new security measures:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2922944-i-received-an-email-about-using-different-turbotax-accounts\nand\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2934086-i-received-an-email-about-using-a-new-device\n\n\n\n\n\n 
duplicate post 
What is happening when Wheres My Amended Return? shows the status is: Completed?This means your Form 1040X- Amended Tax Return has completed processing resulting in a refund, balance due, or no tax change. This timeframe also means all correspondence related to the processing of your amended tax return has been mailed to you.https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/amended-return-frequently-asked-q...So now its up to the postal service. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2567672-can-a-married-person-claim-head-of-household-filing-status 
Click on View Forms in Basic here:https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/ 
If you are seeing your tax timeline then you are already logged in. Under my account the settings menu should show our name/user name/email address and address.If things are still not working as they are supposed to you should contact TT support using the call option to get directly to Turbotax not this open forum https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/
Do not use a # sign.  For example, Block 100.22  Lot 6 is okay.  But Block 100.22 Lot # 6 is not. 
Form 1040, Line 7 can also include Excess salary deferrals and some other things. See pgs. 21ff here:. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf
The preparation of a city return is not automatic in TurboTax (TT). You have to initiate it. If you do not have a city return in your paper or pdf file copies, a city return was probably not prepared by TT. For a list of cities that TT is capable of doing, see https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899325-which-city-income-tax-returns-can-turbotax-handleIf you used the free edition of TT, in the past, you will have to pay to access copies. To contact TurboTax support:  8\nAM - 5 PM Pacific time , Mon-Fri. \nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/index.jsp \n\n\n\nIn the search line enter some\nkeywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic\nlinks and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the\nwait times. 
I have Desktop Home & Business also.  Didnt you get this screen? 
You should enter your income exactly as it is listed on your W-2 or 1099.  If taxes were withheld (depending on what type of income you had), there should be appropriate numbers in the boxes on your income document..  Fill in each box exactly as it appears on your income document.  TurboTax will do the rest! 
You must pay (mail) by April 18 to avoid interest and penalties. 
For a refund, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.THEN you probably needed to use the Tax Freedom website,  which is free for federal and state.  And has more forms than the Federal Free Edition, like the full 1040 return and Schedules A, B, C , D, E, F, EIC, H, K-1, SE,  etc.To qualify for the Tax Freedom website  you just need to meet one of these 3 things AGI $31,000 or lessActive duty military with AGI of $62,000 or lessOR qualify for EIC (earned income credit.)In order to use the Tax Freedom Edition, you had to start it at a special website:http://turbotax.intuit.com/taxfreedom/ 
The preparation of the state tax return is not free. You are paying for the use of the program to prepare the tax return. It is the same price whether you efile the return or print and mail it. There was a limited time promotion early in the tax season that offered free state return preparation. 
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your Account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Youll need to file an amended tax return reporting the recharacterization.  The recharacterization will result in either a traditional IRA deduction appearing on Form 1040 line 32 (or Form 1040A line 17), or a nondeductible traditional IRA contribution appearing on Form 8606.When preparing the amendment, youll enter the Roth IRA contribution that you made and youll indicate in the follow-up questions to this entry that you recharacterized the contribution to a traditional IRA.  Be sure explain your recharacterization and write Filed pursuant to section 301.9100-2 on the amended return before mailing it.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5114064
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
For the Ohio Joint Filing Credit (JFC), each Spouse must have at least $500 of qualifying income to get the credit. But\nthen any schedule A deductions must be subtracted from each spouses income to\nsee if you each still have $500. In addition any Federal adjustments must be\nsubtracted. A common example is an IRA deduction. Lets say the wife had $1500\nof wages and put $1200 in her traditional (deductible) IRA. She would only have\n$300 of net qualifying income and the couple would not get any JFC.Did you have any of the following:-medical expenses exceeding 7-1/2% of AGI-IRA deductions-student loan interest deduction-1/2 self employment tax deduction-educator expense deduction-alimony deduction-tuition deduction (not tuition credit)- out of state military pay -any other adjustments on Ohio sch A\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nIf so, and those items were deducted from your\nqualifying income, was that income reduced to less than $500?In the forms mode, look at the Joint\nFiling Credit Allocation Worksheet. This is where your net qualifying income is calculated. It shows on line 4. If\neither of you is less than $500 on line 4, you do not qualify. 
Ive had several of my tax clients get this same letter.  here is the Email I received last week concerning this same issue.  Basically it says we should wait and see if FTB fixes this on their own:FTB facing high call, chat volumes, many questions about withholding    The number of calls to FTBs call centers, as well as its LiveChat program, has spiked in recent weeks. We also saw a corresponding increase in district office foot traffic.   During the same time, the department has collected and investigated a number of complaints about withholding adjustment notices. To accommodate taxpayers with questions, FTB is allowing two additional weeks for taxpayers to respond to the notices.  No action (including collections) will be taken during that time.   We apologize for any inconvenience this has caused, and we are taking steps to reduce wait times for our customer service channels.   We have identified a population of taxpayers whose returns were affected by late withholding reports from employers.  Some wage and retirement withholding data was not provided to the State of California before FTB processed and validated the associated taxpayers? returns.    To remedy this, FTB is re-validating those returns to allow the original withholding amounts claimed.  Impacted taxpayers will receive a notice of this action, which will go in the mail by Monday, June 13.    A sample copy of the letter is available at https://www.ftb.ca.gov/current/sampleA.pdf
Collect your originally filed return.Prepare your 20nn return using TurboTAX 20nn CD/Download .If you get good results. it is a simple matter to prepare the blank Form 1040X , available from www.irs.gov , by hand. 
You cannot use the online\neditions to file a 2014 tax return.  The online editions are only for\ncompleting a 2015 return.\n\nTo complete and file a 2014\ntax return you have be using the TurboTax desktop edition for tax year 2014.\n A 2014 return cannot be e-filed but must be printed and mailed.  Go\nto this TurboTax website to purchase and download the 2014 desktop editions\n- https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jsp\n\nFree forms, schedules and\ninstructions are available for prior year returns at this IRS website - https://apps.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.html\n\n \n\nHere are some blank\nforms & instructions for 2014\n1040 https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f1040--2014.pdf     Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf \n\n1040A https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040a.pdf     Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i1040a--2014.pdf \n\n1040EZ https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040ez.pdf    Instructions https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040ez.pdf  \n\nTax Tables https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040tt.pdf \nPublication 17 Tax Guide for 2014 https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p17.pdf\n\nand check your State\ntax authoritys website for the 2014 state forms and instructions.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Whenever you try using two different User IDs, you have to completely close the program and clear the browser cache before trying again.  Also be sure that there is no checkmark in remember me at the log-in interface.You can use the tool below to look for multiple accounts and to recover password access.  Run the tool on each email address you have.  But as I said above between each attempt use the info in this note:NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
Did you happen to notice if you got paid last year and tax was withheld on your pay stub. If you dont remember prehaps you should call your employer you may have been fired and forgot about it. They may need to mail you a W-2c before you file your taxes. 
On Schedule C, there is actually a line for Supplies Expense--put it there.  Supplies would be low unit cost items like nails, sand paper, etc. not big ticket items.   Major cost items would be included in the cost of good sold section on the materials and supplies line there. 
A recharacterization does not result in any distribution to you, so I suspect that you did not actually get $90 back.Since I suspect that you did not receive any distribution paid to you but that instead $5,590 was transferred to the traditional IRA, you recharacterized (switched) $5,500.  Your explanation must indicate that $5,500 was recharacterized and that $90 of earnings were transferred in addition to the $5,500 recharacterized.In the questions that follow the entry of the Roth contribution, TurboTax asks how much was switched not how much was transferred.  The amount that was switched (recharacterized) was $5,500.  Only your explanation and any entry of the code N or R Form 1099-R will show the amount transferred. 
Error 190 is caused because you have not installed the state software prior to opening a *.tax2015 data file that contains a state return.  So the program doesnt know how to handle the state data.You will not have to pay again.  If you are unable to get it downloaded using the steps below, TurboTax Support can supply you the state program.What product are you installing? Is it a desktop version (CD/download) that came with 1 state program included?  If so, will it not let you download your included state program?   Or did you buy the state program separately?After installing, have you rebooted and run the latest program updates?  Do both of those before trying to download the state program.Then start a fake return long enough to download the state program.  i.e., open TurboTax and in the top left corner, click on FILE menu, then New Tax Return.   Then after the fake return opens, click in the top menubar on ONLINE, and then choose Download State.    Or if that didnt work, try to download it from the State Taxes tab.
What year are you referring to as last year?   Are you referring to the 2015 tax year and a 2015 transcript?   And are you saying the 2015 wage and income transcript is only partially complete?If so, see this info from the IRS Get Transcript website:Wage and Income Transcript - shows data from information returns \nwe receive such as Forms W-2, 1099, 1098 and Form 5498, IRA Contribution\n Information. Current tax year information may not be complete until \nJuly.\nDid you also order a regular tax return transcript?Are all the wages showing up in your Social Security record of earnings yet?   Do you have an online account at the SSA website? 
TurboTax can do that for you. In the 2015 software, Enter at:\nFederal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)\nOther Tax Situations\nOther Tax Forms\nForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or\nUpdate button You should pay in quarterly estimated taxes if you dont have enough withholding taken out to cover the tax on all your income. You might be able to increase your W2 withholding to account for the extra income.You should make estimated tax payments for the current tax year if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits. - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of: 90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or  100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)\n\n\n\n\n\nIf your goal is just\nto avoid the underpayment penalty, then paying 100% of the prior year tax\nliability is the safe haven 
If you received an erroneous 1099-Misc, You have several choices:1. Ideally, you get a corrected 1099-misc\nfrom the payer2. Dont report it on your return. Attach a\ncopy of the 1099 and a statement explaining the circumstances. You cant\ne-file. From the IRS instructions for form 1099-Misc:\nForm 1099-MISC incorrect? If this form is incorrect or has been issued in\nerror, contact the payer. If you cannot get this form corrected, attach an\nexplanation to your tax return and report your income correctly.3. Report the Income on schedule C and take\na deduction under other expenses, call it something like nominee\nrecipient adjustment4. Report the income as misc line 21\nincome (enter in TurboTax at the 1099-Misc screen) .\n Then enter a line 21 deduction,\nfor the same amount.  In TurboTax (TT),\nenter at:\n- Federal Taxes tab\n - Wages & Income\n- Ill choose what I work on Button\nScroll down to:\n-Less Common Income\n      -Misc Income, 1099-A, 1099-C\n       - On the next screen, choose  Other\nreportable income - Enter the number with a minus sign (-) in front. Briefly\nexplain at description.5. Report the income as misc line 21 (of\nform 1040) income. Then take a line 36 deduction. In the forms mode, open form\n1040. Scroll down to the Other adjustments to income smart\nworksheet and enter your deduction in line H. Type in.expenses of\n1099-Misc income or nominee recipient adjustment to 1099-Misc\nincome\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n6. Do nothing and hope you can explain it\naway when & if the IRS contacts youThe fact that the organization issued a 1099-Misc probably indicates that they dont think you  meet the requirements for this income to be tax exempt. Theres a good chance you may have to prove it to the IRS, later (satisfaction of the Service) 
Could your direct deposit have bounced back to the IRS due to an incorrect routing/account no.?The IRS usually takes 2-3 weeks to mail checks. 
Sadly you cannot do that with the Online program unless you are active duty military. So ... if you have a refund just ignore that statement requirement and efile the return.Or ... if you owe and need to include the statement you can file by mail and attach a hand written note.Or ... you can switch to the downloaded program to make that election. 
Heres all I know,If you have Self Employment income you have to file a schedule C in your personal 1040 return. You may get a 1099Misc for some of your income but you need  report all your income.  So you need to keep your own good records.Here is some reading materialIRS information on Self Employment.http://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Self-Employed-Individuals-Tax-Center Pulication 334, Tax Guide for Small Businesshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p334.pdf Publication 535 Business Expenseshttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p535.pdf Self Employment tax (Scheduled SE) is generated if a person has $400 or more of net profit from self-employment on Schedule C.  You pay 15.3% for SE tax on 92.35% of your Net Profit greater than $400.  The 15.3% self employed SE Tax is to pay both the employer part and employee part of Social Security and Medicare.  So you get social security credit for it when you retire.  You do get to take off the 50% ER portion of the SE tax as an adjustment on line 27 of the 1040.  The SE tax is already included in your tax due or reduced your refund.  It is on the 1040 line 57.  The SE tax is in addition to your regular income tax on the net profit.There is also QuickBooks Self Employment bundle you can check out which includes one Turbo Tax Home & Business return....http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed PAYING QUARTERLY ESTIMATESYou must make quarterly estimated tax payments for the current tax year (or next year) if both of the following apply:- 1. You expect to owe at least $1,000 in tax for the current tax year, after subtracting your withholding and credits.  - 2. You expect your withholding and credits to be less than the smaller of:     90% of the tax to be shown on your current years tax return, or   100% of the tax shown on your prior years tax return. (Your prior year tax return must cover all 12 months.)To prepare estimates for next year you start with your current return, You can just type W4 in the search box at the top of your return , click on Find. Then Click on Jump To and it will take you to the estimated tax payments section. Say no to changing your W-4 and the next screen will start the estimated taxes section.OR Go to.Federal Taxes or Personal (H&B version)Other Tax SituationsOther Tax FormsForm W-4 and Estimated Taxes - Click the Start or Update button Here are the blank Estimates and instructions..http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf The 1040ES quarterly estimates for 2016 are due April 18, June 15, Sept 15 and Jan 15, 2017.  Your state will also have their own estimate forms.  You mail in the estimates with a check or you can do it electronically at the IRS and maybe your state. If you didnt owe or missed making the prior quarterly estimated payments and need to just calculate starting now, you can go though the Estimated Taxes section and just put $1 (one dollar) in for the quarters you missed.  Then it will only figure the current and remaining quarters.
Turbotax no longer offers a pro review service.  This is a public forum and most people answering are volunteers -- while we can answer tax questions, you really should not share intimate financial details with strangers.A tax refund is just the balance between what you owe and what you had withheld.  Withholding is determined by your W-4 that you file with your employers.  If you have more than one job at the same time, it is possible to have less withheld than you expect because of the way the W-4 works.  You have to do the whole worksheet (front and back).Also remember that any refund is money you did not get during the year.  A $600 refund means you were letting the government keep bout $11 more per week than they were entitled to.  You can easily get a larger refund by claiming fewer allowances on your W-4, but that will also reduce your weekly take home by the same amount.Taxpayers with children, and a few other circumstances, are eligible for additional credits that inflate their refund.  As long as you went through the entire Turbotax interview and answered the questions correctly, the program claimed any credits you were eligible for.(As a slightly political comment, Congress has passed a lot of benefits for working families with children, so they can get the soccer mom vote.  But someone has to pay to keep the government running.  So that means that singles and couples without kids, or whose kids are grown up, pay more.) 
It should although if you are in a loss position, or close to it, CCA is not allowed to be used to create or increase a loss.  Possibly, the warning relates to that issue.
No, she doesnt need US health insurance yet.The insurance requirement is just for US Citizens and Resident Aliens.  Until your spouse comes to the US (or gets a Greencard), she is a Nonresident Alien, not subject to the penalty for not having qualifying US insurance. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for the procedure to use to correct this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online 
So, heres the problem:If you never filed a 2012 tax return, the deadline for filing it to get a refund was April 15, 2016, so you just missed it.But, the statute of limitations (how long the IRS can come after you for tax owed) is 3 years from the date you filed. If you never file a 2012 return, then the IRS can come after you forever, if they think you owe tax.  At the very least you would have a hassle to prove that you dont owe.I recommend that you file your 2012 tax return even if you wont get a refund, both because it is your legal duty, and to prevent future problems.However, if you want a refund of the program, contact customer service during the week. For customer support hours and link, see below. Use the web form and type your question or a keyword.  You will get an appropriate phone number for your issue. (You will not get a phone number if you use the link outside of operating hours.) https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041\n 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Please see this:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365887-credit-card-payment-problem-message-says-shippinginfomodel... 
See if this helps:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2964818-i-upgraded-to-windows-10-and-my-turbotax-program-disappear...
duplicate postThis is not Live Chat, but rather a user discussion forum.  TT Support is closed today (Sunday). 
If you filed your 2015 return using the TurboTax online Free edition -When you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a state (you will not be actually adding a state).  This will get you into your 2015 online tax return that you filed.Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  (Note - if the Plus edition is grayed out then you are already using the Plus edition)To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account.If you did not use the TurboTax online editions to file a 2015 tax return -You have to start a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/You must enter some basic personal information in the Personal Info section of the program to include your Social Security number.  Click Upgrade, located near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to the bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button. To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
Once the tax return has been received and accepted by the IRS, then only they can tell you the status of the tax refund.  You need to speak directly with an IRS agent.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
No.  Only enter it in one place.  Only enter anything in one place. 
If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Yes you can wait, but you might end up owing a lot of tax due and maybe some penalty for not paying some during the year.How much did you take out?If you are under 59 1/2 there will be a 10% early withdrawal penalty unless you have an exception.In fact you can lose up to 50% or more to taxes and penalties.One thing you can do instead of making an estimated payment is to increase your withholding at work to help cover it. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5470575 \n\n\n\n\n\n 
Since she started a return the program has no way of knowing that it was filed under a different account so just ignore the friendly reminders. As to accessing the prior year return ... since she didnt file or pay for a 2015 program under her account then you have 2 options.1) pay for the 2015 program to unlock the prior year returnsYou have to\nstart a 2015 return using the Free edition from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/   \n\n(If you already have\nthe Deluxe version or better chosen then you can skip the upgrade and go\nstraight to the payment instructions)\n\nYou must enter some\nbasic personal information in the Personal Info section of the\nprogram.  Click Upgrade,\nlocated near the top of your screen.  In the pop-up window, scroll down to\nthe bottom, select TurboTax Plus, and click the Upgrade Now button.  If you want to\ninclude a state program with your order click on State Taxes and complete some\nof the state section.\n\nTo pay for the\nupgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed\nonto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior\nreturns -\n\nTo pay the TurboTax\nonline account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this\ntime, click on My Account at\nthe top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click\non Print, save or preview this\nyears return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next\nscreen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option\njust click on the Continue button.\n The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can\npay for the account.2) contact TT support on Monday and have them unlock the return since she did file with another accountUse the following\nTurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Support is\nopen Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to\n5 p.m. Pacific \n\n\n\nSubmit your\nquestion/problem during\nbusiness hours and then use the option for Call.\n\nThere will be some\npersonal information gathered so a case can be created for you. A phone number\nwill then be provided, specific to your case, to speak directly with a TurboTax\nagent.\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nNote:  The Call\noption will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.If you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
No. Fees charged within an IRA are not deductible at all. 
A uniform doesnt need to be mandatory to be deductible, it just needs to be not adaptable to ordinary street wear.  If it meets that requirement it would be deductible.
Normally, a QDRO (Qualified Domestic Relations Order) directs that the payments be made by the beneficiarys  plan directly to the other spouse.  The US Department of Labor explains it this way:  "A domestic relations order can be a QDRO only if it creates or recognizes the existence of an alternate payees right to receive, or assigns to an alternate payee the right to receive, all or a part of a participants benefits. For purposes of the QDRO provisions, an alternate payee cannot be anyone other than a spouse, former spouse, child, or other dependent of a participant."In doing so, the plan would issue separate Forms 1099-R to both payees.  It would be taxable to you to the same extent it would have been taxable to your husband. 
Enter in all of your other information, THEN enter your K-1 and see what happens.By entering it first, it just gives you negative income, which has no current tax benefit.  After you enter your other income, the loss on the K-1 will USUALLY lower your income tax.  If you already owe no income tax at all, a further loss will usually not change anything, because you are already not paying any income tax. 
As a single filer you already get a standard deduction amount of $6,300. ($12,600 married )All of your itemized deductions would have to be more then that to be of benefit to you. That would include home expenses of mortgage interest property taxes and points paid,charitable deductions,medical expenses over 10% of AGI and other misc items.  The closing papers that you got show any property taxes paid for time you owned the house and your would have received a 1098 for interest and points paid. There are no federal tax credits for home purchase in 2015. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Go ahead and E-file it now.
If you filed on 4/18 you had 5 days to fix the error and resend the return OR mail in the return to be considered timely filed. So it sounds like you did file late and the penalty is valid. Heres how to print out\nproof of all the e-filing activity related to your return, including the\nElectronic Postmark:\n\nTurboTax Online \nSimply go through the steps to check\nyour e-file status online to retrieve your filing status\nhistory. You can then capture a screenshot or print it out. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2902040-where-do-i-print-off-a-proof-of-transmittance\n\n TurboTax CD/Download software\n\n1.    First,\nopen your return.\n\n2.    Then,\nfrom File menu\nin TurboTax, select Electronic\nFiling > Show Electronic Filing Status History (Windows)\nor Check\nE-Filing Status (Mac).\n\n3.    Click Print.\n\n\n\n\n\n
Suggest you call the treasury to make sure that the request is legit --- there are a lot of scams but these are mostly federal/IRS related. But a  state one is possible. Just call and confirm -- look up the phone number from  the secretary of State. 
The IRS, after some recent legislation, is sending identical bills (and notices) to both taxpayers on the return.  The legislation was in response to some separated taxpayers claiming they were never billed for amounts that resulted in liens years later.Just pay one of them.(A different issue is whether any amount is due.  In such a notice, the IRS states why the additional amount is due.  What did the notice say?) 
Already answered here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3365669-capitol-loss-carry-over-from-the-2014-tax-return-was-not-a...
TurboTaxs instructions for\nprinting and accessing current and prior returns are\n\n        \nFor on-line returns, presented here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748\n\n        \nFor download/cd prepared returns here https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900639\n\n\n\n\n\n 
I dont understand your question. Are you asking if you need to do to submit your Federal tax return in order to get a refund? 
If you actually started a tax return using the online editions, then see this TurboTax support FAQ for completing a tax return started with the online editions - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2559403-how-do-i-finish-a-prior-year-return-that-i-started-in-turb...You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDTo complete and file your prior year returns using TurboTax you will need to purchase and download the desktop editions for the years you need to complete from this website - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products/For tax year 2015 you can use either the online editions or the desktop editions.TurboTax online editions - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/online/TurboTax desktop editions for the current tax year - https://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/cd-download/
See instructions for Line 44 beginning on page 41 here:https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040gi.pdf 
Go back to Personal Info, and make sure you didnt accidentally enter anything in the Spouse section there.
Turbotax does not support Form 1040NR. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040nr.pdf
No one on this public forum can intercede on your behalf with the IRS. When the IRS asks for certain items it is best to respond timely and completely. If\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n 
Only the winnings.  File a non resident return and allocate only the winnings to that state. 
Did you review the depreciation worksheet ?   The prior year accumulated depreciation is  listed on that worksheet ...  it is the only one that prints in landscape format. 
No.  Since the value went down, you simply end up paying less in taxes on distributions because there was less to distribute. 
I think I understand your question.How the 30% tax credit works.If you purchase a single or multiple products you can only get a maximum of $1,500 over the 2-year period (2009 & 2010). Basically you can spend up to $5,000 during this 2 year period on a single or multiple products, for your principal residence that you own and live in, and get 30% or $1,500 (30% of $5,000 = $1,500) back as a tax credit. If you get the entire $1,500 credit in 2009, then you CANNOT get anything additional in 2010.The Energy Credit is a non-refundable tax credit, which CANNOT reduce your tax liability to Less than zero (0). For Example, say your tax liability (amount you owe) is $1000 before the credit then your energy efficient credit cannot be greater than $1000. So if you Tax Credit was $1500 and you and you owed $1000 on your 2010 Tax Return the Credit would only reduce the amount owed to Zero (0) and you would not receive the other $500 back as a refund.  Basically thats why its called a Non-Refundable Tax Credit.Just curious was the amount of your Home Energy Credit $2,786.67?  (30% or $2,786.67 is $836) 
Seek qualified local assistance like a financial planner or tax accountant since to answer that question would need too much personal info from you and take way too long to answer.  And why would you want to take tax advice from some faceless person on a public forum.  With a base of 240K you can well afford to seek financial planning assistance. 
IRS doesnt give a hard number, just refers to "general area" - see http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc511.html Since moves of a whole household of under 50 miles are generally not deductible, its unlikely theyd be sympathetic.(Having myself lived in SoCal and known many with 100+ mile daily commutes, I wouldnt). 
To enter a Schedule K-1 using the online editions you will need to upgrade to either the Premier or Home and Business edition.To enter a Schedule K-1 - \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Business Items (Business Investment and Estate/Trust Income using Home and Business)\nOn Schedule K-1, click on the start or update button\nOr see this TurboTax support FAQ on entering a Schedule K-1 - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900938-where-do-i-enter-a-k-1-that-i-received 
Did you use the Online version?  Heres how to amendhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4452517 
Grants are taxable income when used for nonqualiifying education purposes.  Room and board and loan payoff are nonqualifying education expensesmore infohttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Paying-Qualified-Education-Expenses-with-Grants-or-Scholarships/GEN80525.html?_requestid=2867http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Education/What-are-Qualified-Education-Expenses-/GEN80422.html?_requestid=2872 
You will need to file a Schedule C for each business that you operate, unless they are being operated under the same name or LLC.You might be able to fully depreciate your new work truck under a 179 accelerated depreciation basis.  (Check with an accountant on that)  This will create a loss from that food truck business.  If the truck is leased, you can not depreciate it, only deduct the monthly payments as rental property.If you are filing separate schedule Cs for each business, the loss on the new business should offset the profit on the other business. 
That does not mean that anything is wrong with your refund necessarily. In early February, the IRS had a minor issue with one of their computer systems. This resulted in them having to restart the processing of the affected tax returns. The Refund Cycle Chart (where the estimated dates come from) is an estimate of the amount of time that it takes to receive a refund. Any processing issues may delay the refund beyond those dates. 
I am sorry to hear about your loss.As long as you are on the deed,  and you pay the mortgage, you can continue to claim the mortgage interest deduction on your federal return.Note that the first year of the death of the decedant, you still file joint return and thereafter ( without any dependents to qualify ) you file as single unless you remarry ( applicable to both conditions above ) 
For a sole proprietorship you do not pay yourself so you don't report anything on line 7 wages (unless you get a W2 from a job).  For self employment/sole proprietor you just fill out Schedule C (flows to line 12).  The Net Profit or Loss is your personal income.  You don't expense anything you pay to yourself or spend on personal expenses.  So #1 is NO#2 what is 4800?  On Schedule C you enter your total gross income and then enter just your business expenses.  That is your Net Profit or Loss which goes to line 12.#3. Yes, nothing for line 7.  Just line 12 which comes from Schedule C. 
TurboTax does have a FAQ about that issue.  See if this info is helpful to you:FAQ: ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
If you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a copy of your filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to troubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
use the what-if  feature 
If the IRS website still says processing, then since its been so long, you can phone the IRS to see what you can learn.  IRS:  800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Mon-FriWhen calling the IRS do not choose the first choice re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  First choose your language.  Listen to each menu before making the selection.Then press 2 for personal income tax.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent, but there is likely to be a long wait.I usually use a speakerphone so I can work on something else while waiting.If you dont get good info from the IRS, you could consider contacting the IRS Taxpayer Advocate for your area.  At the following IRS website, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the number of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-AdvocateIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also try the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at  877-777-4778.More info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:http://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6 
Situation described is entered as Self-Employment. (Statutory employees get a W-2) ...Yes, you should have a second Schedule C with income/expenses only for this activity ... 
If you didnt complete the Health Insurance section correctly to report the months you did have insurance then amending the return is the correct way to fix the mistake.  First look on the form 1040 line 61 ... did you have a penalty applied?  If not you are good.  If you did then amend.If youve already filed your tax return and then discovered information that needs to\nbe updated or changed, your next step is to wait to see if the IRS accepts the original\ntax return before you do anything else.\n\n        \nIf the IRS accepts your current year tax\nreturn, submit an amended 2015 tax return to correct mistake.  Note,\nit is recommended that you also wait\nuntil you receive your refund, if one is due, before you file the\namendment.\n\n        \nIf the IRS rejects your current year tax return, youll\nhave the opportunity to fix the mistake using TurboTax and then e-file the\ncorrected version.\n\n        \nTo check the\nstatus of your tax return, use the Wheres my Refund tool\nprovided by the IRS in the following link.https://www.irs.gov/Refunds \n\nImportant: To learn more about amending your tax\nreturn, please review the information in the following link.https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908543-do-i-need-to-amend-my-tax-return\n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nWhat\ndoes it mean to amend a return?\n\n        \nDo\nI Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill\namending delay my original tax refund?\n\n        \nWhat\nis the deadline for filing an amended return?\n\n        \nCan\nI e-file my 1040X to amend my return?\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
You can complete and mail a change of address form. Here is a link for it: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8822.pdf 
Its not clear exactly what you are doing.  Are you going through the steps in the FILE section to file by mail?  See this FAQ:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1944348-how-do-i-file-a-paper-mailed-return-in-turbotax-onlineAre you trying to file a Federal return by mail?  And when you go through the steps it ends in a blank page?Do you also have a State return?   If so, it may be set to efile.  Change the state return from efile to file by mail, and then see if you can proceed with the Federal file by mail.
If you purchased 2015 desktop software, you will not have to pay again to unlock your 2014 online return.  Your 2015 purchase will qualify.   But you will have to phone TurboTax Support and tell them about your software purchase and ask them to unlock the 2014 return.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
A tax return with no taxable income being reported cannot be e-filed.  Filing a return with a Foreign Earned Income Exclusion you would need to add $1 of interest income so the return can be e-filed.  Use any name for the payer of the interest on the Form 1099-INT and enter $1 in box 1 of the form.\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nUnder Interest and Dividends\nOn Interest on 1099-INT, click the start or update button\n 
This is 2016 you can not claim anything till Jan 30 2017 you are in 2015! That is the documents you need and everything will be fine but you cant claim 2016 till next year! 
First --\nverify that your returns have been filed and accepted --\n then check the fed & state web sites to see where you are in the\nprocess-\n\nCheck Your E-File Status on\nthis Secure TurboTax website\nhttps://turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jsp\n- It will show the date you transmitted your return and if it was accepted or\nrejected.  \n- Both your Federal and State will be listed separately if you filed both.\n- It will tell you when you E-filed\n- The electronic filing date\n\nSee the following TurboTax\nsupport article on checking your e-file status - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1908859-how-do-i-look-up-the-status-of-my-e-filed-return\n\nFor the Feds:\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Refunds/Wheres-My-Refund-Its-Quick,-Easy,-and-Secure.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/When-Can-I-Expect-My-Refund%3F\n\n\n\nIf its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html\n\n 
Use your best guess and make sure to check the box on line 8. \n\n\n\n 
go to www.irs.gov and click on the free file icon. 
If you are using the Turbo Tax program to complete the return then look at the form 1040 and the 2 numbers you need will be on lines 63 & 74.  You can peek at only  the form 1040 by going here:My Account >> Tools >> View Tax Summary >> Preview 1040To view your entire return using the online editions (including the state) before you file, you will need to pay for your online account.To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, without completing the 2015 return at this time, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this year's return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen it will ask if you want Audit Defense, if you do not want this option just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
The  2015 program it will give you the 1040ES estimates for 2016.  \n\nYou can print and mail a\nForm 1040-ES that was created by the TurboTax personal editions.\n\n        \nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\n\n        \nClick on Other Tax Situations\n\n        \nScroll down to Other Tax Forms\n\n        \nOn Form W-4 and Estimated Taxes, click the start or update\nbutton\n\nOn the next screen, click\non No.\n\nOn the next screen, click\non Yes\n\nHere are\nthe 1040ES instructions and blank forms (where to mail is on page 5)\nhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdf\n\nYou can also make estimated\ntax payments using Direct Pay or the other options on the IRS payment website\n- http://www.irs.gov/Payments\n\n \n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
Since the amended return must be mail in ... did you mail the amended return ?  If you didnt do so now. If you did then wait 3 weeks and check here : https://www.irs.gov/filing/individuals/amended-returns-form-1040-x/wheres-my-amended-return-1https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5281792 
This is a public user community forum, so we wont know if you filed your returns, but we can tell you how to check.  Part of your question was cut off, so its not clear what you were going to ask about printing.If you cant find your 2015 returns, you may have multiple accounts and are signing into the wrong one.  Ill tell you how to troubleshoot that at the end of this message.If you efiled the return, you can use this tool at the link below to check that it was successfully efiled and accepted.  If you chose to file it by mail, then you are the one who would have had to mail it.If efiled, what do you see here?https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf youre getting a refund from South Carolina, heres how to track it:https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2897235-how-do-i-track-my-south-carolina-tax-refundIf you used Online TurboTax, heres how to download/print a filed \n2015 online return for your records.  If you dont find the return with \nthis method, Ill also post information below the FAQ on how to \ntroubleshoot multiple accounts.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/4193463If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your 2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to start a\n new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
If you filed your tax return and requested direct deposit of your tax refund but entered an incorrect routing number then the bank will reject the deposit and return the refund to the IRS.  The IRS will then send your refund as a check in the mail to the address you entered on your tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you made the rollover without receiving the check ("trustee to trustee"), the transaction was not a "taxable event" and therefore is not reportable on your return. 
You can print them from this IRS web site: https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f1040es.pdfIf you dont know or dont remember the amount of payments to make each quarter, you can log in to your account, open your tax return and type estimated tax payments for next year in the search box and click on Find then jump to. Skip the W-4 screen.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Just mail them.  You can not efile a state return unless the federal was efiled.  Its a new security measure this year.  Just ignore that statement about New York. 
Download the PDF of your tax return to include all forms and worksheets.If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
Yes, all the refunds received in 2016 are taxed in 2016 even if they are applied to the next tax year. What you have to do is adjust or remove the automatic transferring of the prior year state refund since you are completing several at the same time. 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
The fees depend on which product (online or CD/download) and which version you select. You can see the fees at turbotax.com under the tab Products & Pricing. Note with the online product the federal and state fees are separate. The fee is the same whether you print and mail your return or efile it. With the CD/download product, state is included with all versions but Basic. The is an additional fee to efile the state return. Here is a link to turbotax.com: https://turbotax.intuit.com/
If your refund is delayed, you did authorize alternate payment.  It was in the fine print.  If you want to make other arrangements you can call customer support. 
TurboTax Free Federal\nOnline edition is for simple tax situations that can be reported on Forms\n1040EZ or Form 1040A.\n\nIt is possible that you\nhave a form, income, deduction or credit that cant be reported using these\nforms.  At that point in the program you\nwould have been prompted to upgrade to the level that could handle your\nsituation.\n\nAfter signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you have not filed or paid for the TurboTax online account, you can remove MAX by using the procedure in this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2924448-can-i-remove-maxIf you have used the procedure from the support FAQ but the option for MAX cannot be removed, then you will need to contact TurboTax support and speak directly with a support agent.To contact TurboTax customer service/support use their contact website during business hours.  If the problem concerns any type of refund for fees, use the key words billing issues and do Not use the word Refund or you will get a phone number for tax refunds.Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.Also see this TurboTax support FAQ for a contact link and hours of operation - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1899263-what-is-the-turbotax-phone-number 
A Form 1095-C is not reported on a federal tax return.See this TurboTax support FAQ for a Form 1095-C - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2920031-what-s-a-form-1095-c 
You must amend 2015.  You may not include a 2015 form on the 2016 tax return.https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5225451\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Dealing with an audit or auditor can be difficult and confusing so get some help .... \n\nIf\nyou purchased Audit Defense for your tax return, call Tax Resources, Inc.\nat 877-829-9695, or report your notice on their web site at http://intuit.taxaudit.com/.\nDo not contact the IRS. Let Tax Resources contact them for you.\n\n\n\nThis is the membership email you should have gotten:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901569-when-will-i-get-my-audit-defense-membership-kit\n\n\nIf you\ndid not purchase Audit Defense:\n\n\nTurboTax has a special phone number for help with IRS tax letters, which will be\neasier than going through regular Customer Support.   At the\npage below, click on the blue button that says Get Help from TurboTax\nSupport.  Then it will ask you what tax year is your letter.  Then\nit will ask you what the letter concerns. Then it will show you the phone\nnumber during posted business hours. \n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/\n\n\nAlso see the following link on the IRS web site\nfor more help.\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Understanding-Your-IRS-Notice-or-Letter\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nOr you can ask for help from\nthe Tax Payer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
For that amount you will have to look at your last pay stub because the amount in box 12 code DD will include the total cost paid by you and your employer. 
The wording of that first sentence, Withheld $11K from real estate sale and Franchise Tax Board failed to include it in tax return, makes it sound like you somehow expected the FTB to report the $11K on your income tax return.  You did include the $11K withholding on the California income tax return you prepared and submitted to the state, didnt you?If you included the $11K in your income tax return and the FTB said, in effect, no, you dont have a credit in your account for that $11K, then you have to present evidence to the FTB that you are in fact entitled to that credit.  Im sure whatever letter you received from the FTB with the demand for additional taxes also provided a return address and an identification code to use if you disagree with their conclusion.  You need to mail in evidence that the $11K was withheld from the proceeds of your sale.  Be sure to keep copies of all your correspondence, including supporting documentation.  This might take some back-and-forth between you and the FTB to resolve if the amount was credited to the wrong account for some reason.Tom Young 
I need copies of 2015 and 2014 tax returns, how do I do this 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Oh, that is for withholding.  CA has a big problem with that right now.  They are suppose to be sending out new letters about it.  So I would first wait a week or so and see if yours gets cleared up.Calif FTB knows they've messed this up for quite a number of California taxpayers:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/aboutFTB/Public_Service_Bulletins/2016/16-04222016.shtml See this site for what to do to prove your Calif withholding amounts:https://www.ftb.ca.gov/Bills_and_Notices/NTRC/CA-Income-Tax-Withholding.shtml 
See this TurboTax support FAQ for a workaround for this problem - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3205839-shippinginfomodel-error-when-paying-for-turbotax-online 
This is the USA forum.  TT Canada Forumhttps://turbotax.community.turbotaxonline.ca
Alternatively, you think that turbotax should provide an expensive service, supported by hundreds of tax professionals, programmers and customer support staff, to you personally for free* forever (where, just like like everything else in life, free really means somebody else pays.)Your files are never deleted but they may be locked.Turbotax operates on a subscription model.  If you file for free, your tax information is available to freely download until October 15 of the year you file.  If you pay to file, your tax information is available to download until October 15 of the next tax season.  As long as you continue to pay for the Turbotax service, you continue to extend access to all your past years tax returns.  If you stop using turbotax (or stop paying for it) you can lose access to past years returns unless you are willing to pay a fee to unlock your access.You have to take responsibility for your own financial information.  Turbotax does not and never has valid copies of W-2s for income verification.  It can use your W-2 info to pre-fill your tax return, but if you want a valid copy of your W-2 for income verification you should save the copy that your employer gives you.  You always have the option to download your tax data and PDFs of your tax return up until the expiration date, and every taxpayer should do that.If you need prior year tax and wage information you can get it from the IRS or the Social Security Administration, for fees ranging from free to $60, depending on what you need.https://www.irs.gov/individuals/tax-return-transcript-types-and-ways-to-order-themhttps://faq.ssa.gov/link/portal/34011/34019/article/3836/how-can-i-get-a-copy-of-my-wage-and-tax-sta... 
See if this helps:http://dor.myflorida.com/Forms_library/current/gt800017.pdf 
Please see this:https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/irs-notice/audit-support/ 
Read the rules here :  http://dor.mo.gov/personal/nonresident/ 
If you are an independent contractor, which it appears you are, then unless you have a source of income from which taxes are withheld, (e.g., you spouse works as an employee and receives paychecks, paychecks that are reduced by the withholding of state and federal taxes), you probably should be making quarterly estimated tax payments.As to your question of whether you can pay taxes at the end of the year or not, its one of those questions that depends on your individual situation.  It certainly can be perfectly right and proper to owe the IRS a large amount of taxes when you send in your income tax return, but generally you want to avoid being underpaid, (a piece of tax jargon with a specific legal definition), and incurring underpayment penalties.Most taxpayers will avoid being underpaid if they:1)owe less than $1,000 in tax after subtracting their taxes WITHHELD and available tax credits,OR2)if they paid at least the lesser of           a)90% of the tax for the current year, or            b)100% of the tax shown on the return for the prior year.  (If last years return shows AGI over $150K (for married filing jointly) then change that 100% figure to 110%.)So if you (or your spouse) have a job and can make your withholdings paid in 2062 amount to 100%/110% of last years tax liability you may choose not to pay estimated taxes. You might still write a big check to send in with your tax return, but you wont be assessed penalties.If you dont want to write that big check and/or you dont want to increase the amount withheld from your paycheck or simply cant have enough taxes withheld to get into one of these underpayment safe harbors then estimated taxes are due more or less quarterly (typically April 15th, June 15th, September 15 and January 15th of next year). You can go back to your 2015 income tax return and work through the Form W-4 and estimated \ntaxes interview under the Other Tax Situations tab.  In that \ninterview youll enter your best estimates of what your 2016 income tax \nreturn will look like: income, deductions, filing status, exemptions, \nany income taxes withheld, any estimated taxes you might have already \npaid, etc.  TurboTax will figure out the alternatives that get you in \none or another of the safe harbors that will prevent the imposition of\n underpayment penalties and will prepare the Form(s) 1040-ES you mail in with your payment.Tom Young 
Unfortunately, nobody in the AnswerXchange can access your personal billing records or issue any refunds.  You need to speak with turbotax on the phone.  https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/In the box to ask a question type BILLING or something similar, dont type REFUND or youll be routed to automated tax refund information.
TT usually sends emails but they may also send a letter ....call TT by phone if needed...see link below.TurboTax is committed to\nprotecting your personal information. If we detect that certain types of your\ninformation are being used in more than one account, well notify you to make\nsure that you recognize the activity.\n\nWe recommend using the same\naccount each year so your information can be automatically transferred to your\nnew return, saving you the time and hassle of data entry.\n\nHere are some of the\nreasons you may have received this email:\n\n        \nYou have used TurboTax in the past and are using a different account\nthis year. This can include moving from our Desktop product to our Online\nproduct.\n\n        \nYou changed your filing status from last year, and for that\nreason, are filing with a different TurboTax account this year.\n\n        \nYou have created multiple TurboTax accounts this year, or in\nprior years.\n\n        \nYou file as Married Filing Separate, with you and your spouse\nhaving different TurboTax accounts.\n\n        \nYou have filed for dependents, or another family member, in the\npast and the email is referring to their personal information.\n\nIf you have not taken any\nof the actions noted above, it may indicate that someone is trying to use your\ninformation to file a tax return. Please Contact Us and\none of our agents can assist you.\n\nLearn more about\nhow TurboTax safeguards your data.\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhy\ncant I find my return in the Tax Timeline?\n\n        \nForgot\nyour TurboTax Online User ID or password?\n\n          Help Me Recover My TurboTax Account\n\n\n\n 
The address will be on the instruction page when you print the return. 
Can legal fees be considered final year deductions?Not by themselves.  However, they would contribute to excess deductions on termination of an estate or trust just like any other administration expense would, and would be deductible by beneficiaries in the final year of the estate.Alternatively, can the excess of legal fee losses from one tax year be\ntransferred to the following year?Again, not by themselves.  However, they could be part of a net operating loss that would carryforward to the second year.  A net operating loss is deductible by an estate the same as by other taxpayers.
You dont need to amend for that ... this is something the IRS will correct automatically for you. 
There must be a question you didnt answer.   I had the same thing happen. 
Only\nif you are military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8. 
Go to this TurboTax website to pay the fees - https://payments.turbotax.intuit.com/ 
If you paid with your own credit card then contact TT support directly ... \n\nYou will need to contact TurboTax customer service through their\nwebsite for your situation.  When entering your problem on the website,\nuse the keywords billing issues.\n\nUse the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer\nservice:\n\nhttps://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n\nSupport hours: Monday-Friday,\n8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\nSubmit your question and a phone number will be provided for\nCall to speak directly with a TurboTax agent. 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5210842
If you did not itemize your deductions on your federal return last year, then you do not report the refund from SC on your federal income tax return this year.If you itemized last year and took the state sales tax deduction instead of the state income tax deduction, then you do not report the refund from SC on your federal income tax return this year.If you itemized last year and IF you also took the state income tax deduction, then the amount of the refund you received from SC is reported as income on your 1040 this year because you deducted too much for your SC state tax withholdings on your return last year.  On the other hand, since you had to pay more than your NC withholdings to NC, your itemized deduction last year for your NC state tax withholdings was too low, so you get to claim the extra tax you paid to NC last year as a deduction on your 1040 this year.It all works out in the end. 
https://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc756.htmlhttps://www.irs.gov/publications/p926/ar02.html 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5281792 
Im not sure what you mean by border student [did you mean boarding student] or what the standard deduction of $254/week is, but if youre referring to an Exchange Student, thats not correct. From\nIRS Publication 526 on charitable contributions:\n\nYou\nmay be able to deduct some expenses of having a student live with you. You can\ndeduct qualifying expenses for a foreign or American student who:\n\n\nLives in\n     your home under a written agreement between you and a qualified\n     organization (defined later) as part of a program of the organization to\n     provide educational opportunities for the student,\nIs not\n     your relative (defined later) or dependent (also defined later), and\nIs a\n     full-time student in the twelfth or any lower grade at a school in the\n     United States.\n\n\nYou\ncan deduct up to $50 a month for each full calendar month the student lives\nwith you. Any month when conditions (1) through (3) above are met for 15 or\nmore days counts as a full month.\n\nQualified\norganization. For these purposes, a qualified organization can be any of the\norganizations described earlier under Organizations That Qualify To Receive\nDeductible Contributions, except those in (4) and (5). For example, if you are\nproviding a home for a student through a state or local government agency, you\ncannot deduct your expenses as charitable contributions. \n\nAlso\nYou cannot deduct the costs of a foreign student living in your home\nunder a mutual exchange program through which your child will live with a\nfamily in a foreign country. \n\nFor\ncharitable contributions, go to the deductions and credits tab and\nExplore on My Own.  They are\nlisted on the next page as Charitable Donations.\n\n 
If you used Online TurboTax, cant find your\n2015 return in the 2015 Tax Timeline, and its acting like it wants you to\nstart a new 2015 return, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and\nsigned into the wrong one. To get a list of your User IDs and recover\naccounts, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1\nemail address, you should run the tool on each one. \n\nNOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all\nIntuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop. \nThen clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and\ngo to:\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nIf still no luck after running that on each\nemail address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the\nsmall blue link that says I dont know my email address or User\nID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.\n\n\n\n\n\n
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Its unclear who the other partner in the multi-member llc was but Ill assume it was your spouse.  If so, and if there was no prior personal use of the equipment, you can transfer it over to the new llc and treat it as new business property.  In effect, it was purchased for business use and never used for anything else  If the other partner was other than your spouse, then one question would be how you converted the multi-owner property to being only your property.If the equipment was, for example, a motor vehicle used also for personal use a whole different scenario would apply. 
IRS has your tax return pending until you file the missing form Form 8962 and Page 2 of your updated Form 1040.It is not unusual in these cases to see your refund disappear and change to Tax Due. 
Yes once a SSN has been used (even if they amended their return to fix it) you can't efile.  It's already in the IRS database.  The fees are to prepare your return whether you efile OR print and mail.  It's not Turbo Tax's fault you couldn't efile. 
List the names on the 1040ES in the same order they were listed on the married filing jointly tax return. If you are signing the check, put your SSN on the check. The IRS does not designate the estimated payments for certain types of income or for either taxpayer on the joint tax return. When you file the return, the tax payments whether withholding or estimated payments will all be added together as tax payments. 
Theres no tax deduction there.  You bought a house.  If you withdrew the money from a  401k it is subject to ordinary income tax plus a 10% penalty if you are under the age of 59-1/2.  You dont qualify for the first time homebuyer exception because you arent a first time buyer and because that is only available if you withdrew the money from an IRA, not a 401k.If you are now the only owner, you can deduct the mortgage interest and property taxes you pay, where in the past you could only deduct the share that you actually paid, now you can deduct them all. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
113 pages includes all the worksheets.  If you have the .pdf version, you can print whatever selected pages you choose. 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
After the 2013 filing season ended in 2014, a paper return via US Mail became your only option.Use the name on your current social security card ( or the name you are filing under now). 
Apply for an installment plan here:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/online-payment-agreement-application 
If you were somehow charged again for a 2014 product, Ill tell you how to phone TurboTax Support at the end of this message.   Instead of re-downloading the 2014 product from your account, did you mistakenly go through the purchase process again to get a download?  Thats what it sounds like.Once you purchase a download from TurboTax, you can download it as many times as you like for your use without additional charge.  You do not go through the purchase interface, however.   It should be in your download account for at least 3 years.You can download it here:https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/login.jsp?pagecontext=downloadIf you dont find a prior download purchase at that link, then you may have multiple accounts and signed into the wrong one.  To get a list of your User IDs and recover account access, you can use the tool at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should run the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up in a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, then reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then run the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that says I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.******************You can phone TurboTax Support for help with your billing issue.  To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.TIP: When you type your question into the form there, do not use the term refund, or it may send you to an automated phone hotline to check on your tax refund.  Instead, input something like billing issue or speak to an agent about my fees.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
\n\nIt may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific\n\n\n\n\n\n 
https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2896703-how-do-i-track-my-alabama-tax-refund 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
Only active duty military can you file the extension thru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf\nnot then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If you are out of the\ncountry on the regular due date of your return, check the box on line 8.
Those expenses would not be deductible. 
Once you have paid or registered the account you cannot clear everything and start over.  You can make the corrections so start the interview from the first page and make the changes as you go along. 
Check your income, deduction, credits, dependents, filing status, etc. Also, there could be a garnishment taken out for back taxes or back child support. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
\n\nTo\nadd, change or delete a payment made with an extension request -\n\n        \nClick\non Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\n\n        \nClick\non Deductions and Credits\n\n        \nClick\non Ill choose what I work on\n\n        \nScroll\ndown to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\n\n        \nOn\nEstimates, click the start or update button\n\nOn\nthe next screen, scroll down to Payments with Extension\n\nClick\non the start or update button for the state option shown.  Remove any\namount shown for the state extension payment.  Continue with this section\nuntil it completes.\n\n\n\n\n\n 
Did you prepare the return\nonline or in desktop software?  \n\nIf you prepared it in desktop\nsoftware (CD/download), then you are the only one who could have saved the PDF\nor data file.  If that is your situation, and you didnt save one, we can\ntell you how to get a return transcript from the IRS.\n\nIf your 2014 return was\nprepared online, then sign into your online account and go to your 2014 Tax\nTimeline, then scroll down to Some things you can do.  If you\ndont see any evidence of it there, then you may have multiple accounts and\nsigned into the wrong one.  Use the tool below to look for multiple\naccounts (user IDs).  Run the tool on each email address you have.\n\nhttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery\n\nAlso see these FAQs:\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online\n\nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895434-why-can-t-i-find-my-turbotax-online-return\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n 
What change did the IRS make (most dont effect the next year return.?) 
How was the 2014 return prepared?  If you used the desktop version for 2014 (CD/download), the tax files are stored locally on your computer and will not be in an online account.If you used Online TurboTax for 2014, however, and cant find your 2014 return in the 2014 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go tohttps://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
YES, he is still your dependent for tax purposes, and you claim the education deductions/credits. He must state that he is a dependent on another return when filing his, and all his income should go on his return.None of his earned income can go on your return. 
You should wait until your original return has been fully processed and you receive your refund (in case the IRS catches any errors), if the IRS does not correct your return you would amend your return to make the corrections.  Amended returns must be mailed, they cannot be efiled.To Amend your return for online:- Click the Home Tab- Under We can help you.,- Choose Amend a return that was filed and acceptedOr, Federal Taxes tab (for Home & Business - Personal tab), Other Tax Situations, Amend a ReturnSee the following on amending your 2011 return (Online & Desktop)http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html 
They may be eligible for the child and dependent care credit, assuming that your income is not excluded through the foreign earned income credit. There\nare two exceptions to providing the care providers SSN.\n\n\nIf you\n     have a tax exempt care provider (a church, etc.), they must provide you\n     with proof of their exemptions and you can enter TAXEXEMPT.\n     (Note, however, that most tax exempt organizations have an employer\n     identification number. If they have one, its easier to use the actual\n     number instead of TAXEXEMPT)\nIf the care was\nprovided outside the US and the care provider doesnt have an SSN, the IRS\nrequests you list LAFCP (Living Abroad Foreign Care Provider).\n\n\n 
Unless you're overseas. you can't file an extension, you're a late filer and treated accordingly. Nothing you need to do now; IRS/State will bill you for late fees they calculate ... 
Inventory is what you own, at Lower of Cost or Market value.(Sales - Raw Materials) = Taxable gain. Default for IRS if you Dont keep track is 100% of sales (minus commisions) is taxable as ordinary income, so you Dont Have to track, but its to your benefit to do so ...Basic Premise: Your time/skills/effort are worth Nothing to IRS ...Thus, value of unsold paintings is limited to cost of paint/canvas/frame ... 
now the school tells me I cannot put his w2 on my return and I must amend in order to fix the errorThe school is correct - you cant report your childs earned income on your tax return.  See this TurboTax site\non how to amend:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3100543
I just reported this issue. We should have a fix out in less than two weeks. I will post back here when I have more information.Thank you for your patience. 
Duplicate question. 
All the ones I have seen so far (for this individual mandate/ payment related), IRS needs the form 8962 and a signed -dated page 2 of the amended form 1040.  It is not an amended return in reality and therefore they do not need/ want the 1040-X. They need the signed page 2 to show the change in the return ( because this goes  beyond their math. authority and therefore a signed / updated page-2).  unless you filed by mail, I dont understand why they wanted the supporting documents , other than 1095 form which shows the credit received.. Please just send what they are asking for --- make sure the request is legit though.  Good Luck 
Yes.  If you made a payment with the extension be sure to enter it. 
If you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If youve already paid for your online Premier, youd have to see what you can arrange with the TT billing dept. at Customer Service by phone or chat.If you havent paid, then you just install the desktop product and then download your *.tax2011 data file that youve started online and finish it in the desktop product.For more info:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Online---Desktop/Finish-your-TurboTax-Online-return-in-the-TurboTax-CD-Download-software/GEN12160.html 
Line 71 is a credit for people who have over the maximum amount of SS withheld (or Tier 1 RRTA tax for RR employees) on their W-2 forms due to having multiple employers....for one person.   So if ONE  person worked for more than one employer during the year, and the total of the multiple W-2 forms, box 4 values, exceeds $7347 (only for 2015 taxes) for that one person....then the excess over that is entered as a credit on line 71.  TurboTax determines that lien 71 value based entirely on what you entered into the tax software.For a MFJ tax return, an erroneous credit on line 71 is usually the result of the taxpayer erroneously entering both spouses W-2 forms under just one persons name. 1)  IF you filed a MFJ tax return, and you look at the total of your own, and your spouses W-2 box 4 values, then subtract 7347....and if the excess of that difference is the value on line 71...then that is the error that you made when you entered both spouses W-2 forms.   Pay the IRS back and you are good to go.2)  IF you did have multiple W-2 forms only for yourself, from different employers (or multiple employers only for the spouse), and the total of the box 4 values exceeds $7347 for that one person, by the amount shown on line 71...then you can respond to the IRS by sending in your Federal copies of each W-2 form (copy B) for that one person to show them that the number is correct.______________________________.........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time...8AM PACIFIC is 11AM Eastern time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If you used Online TurboTax, and cant find your returns, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.
First, can you log into your own turbotax account and is it secure?  Change the password again, make sure you are using the correct cell phone number and email address and turn on 2-factor authentication in your security settings.Second, when logged into your account, check your e-file status and make sure your returns were filed and accepted.  Or use this link, https://shop.turbotax.intuit.com/efile/efile_status_lookup.jspIf they were not accepted, you may need to correct errors and file again.If your returns were accepted then check with the IRS refund site to see if your returns were processed and your refund actually paid.  Any date that Turbotax gave you when you filed is only an estimate.  https://www.irs.gov/Refunds  \nIf the IRS site says processing or anything other than refund sent with a date, then the IRS has not sent the refund.  If it is more than 21 days you can try calling them.  1-800-829-1040  They should also be sending a letter with other information or instructions.  If is it more than 8 weeks, and the regular IRS number is no help, you can call the taxpayer advocate. https://www.irs.gov/AdvocateThird, verify the details of how you wanted your refund paid.  Download or print the PDF for all forms and worksheets and look for the page of instructions.  Verify the manner of payment and the addresses you used.\nFourth, if the IRS confirms refund sent, contact SBTPG bank.  If you asked for a new Netspend card, they handled the transaction, and they should be able to verify that they mailed you a card, and the amount of the refund.  They should also be able to freeze the card, assuming it has been used by someone other than you.  They probably wont tell you anything about who might have used it or where it was used without a police order, but you can at least verify that the card was issued and you should be able to block any further use.  Call SBTPG, toll-free, at 1-877-908-7228.\nFifth, if you can confirm that the card was issued and was used by someone who is not you, you will need to file a report of theft with your local police.  They have the authority to find out where the card was used and to question local businesses to get records of who used it and when.  If the card was stolen from your mailbox that is a federal crime and you can also file a report with the Postal Inspector at your local main post office.Unfortunately, if the refund was paid into the card/bank account you chose, the IRS will probably consider the case closed from their point of view, so you wont be able to go through the IRS to get the refund re-issued.  You will have to deal directly with SBTPG, Netspend and the Police.If you have had someone stealing personal info from your mailbox, you are possibly at risk for identity theft.  You may want to file an ID theft report with the IRS using form 14039 (you can download it for free from the IRS web site or print it out from the other tax situations page in turbotax.  Fill it out and mail it in separately.  The IRS will give you information on how to prevent your tax information and refund being stolen again next year.  Also for next year, either use your own bank account to get direct deposit, or buy your own prepaid card first (about $5 fee) at any local grocery or drug store, register the card online, get the matching account and routing number, and use that card for direct deposit. 
Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate
This is a known conundrum.  You had to pay for the online 2015 return to get access to a 2014 return, but now you cant clear and start over in order to transfer the *.tax2014 data file into the 2015 online return.  It is a Catch-22.You can phone TurboTax Customer Support during business hours, explain your conundrum, and ask them to move you to the desktop product.  They should furnish you a program download to install.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\n 
Hi There, Yes you can use the free version, but it will not cover everything you did on the other forms. If you want the free one, you have to delete the current one and start over. Good Luck. 
You will need to call Customer Support to see if they can unlock yoru account for you...as long as you paid for Online Deluxe or higher, or upgraded from Free to PLUS on the wifes account...they should.......but thats up to them as we are other users and have no access to those decisions..........to Call Customer Support and talk to a TTX representative.A telephone number to call is provided ONLY when they are open.....The current Operation Hours (PACIFIC time) are listed under the  CONTACT Button here:https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
If you are talking about 2016, you can change your W4 withholding to lower the amount of taxes withheld. 
If you handled this correctly you would have:\nFiled a non-resident return for NY and included only the NY income, and\nFiled a resident VA return, reported all of your income including the NY income, and claimed a credit for any NY taxes paid.  \n\n(In effect, you cant just leave the NY income off of your resident VA return.)Is  that what you did? 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
No.  If you do not actually receive a W-2 for your wages and the taxes withheld, then you do not enter anything in the W-2 section under Wages and Income.  You enter your foreign earned income on a Form 2555.  You enter foreign taxes paid on Form 1116.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter Foreign Taxes paid -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ for foreign income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeSee this Turbotax support FAQ for foreign taxes - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc... 
YesIf you and your spouse work together in an unincorporated business, you can split the income under qualified joint venture rules (http://www.irs.gov/businesses/small/article/0,,id=177376,00.html). This will require you to separate all income and expenses onto two schedule Cs. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Each state program has a separate fee for the use to complete a return to print & mail. You could get the forms from your state web site for free if you want to complete it manually. 
To enter, change or delete a W-2 -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on\nOn Wages and Salaries, click the start or update button\n 
If she meets all the tests to be a qualifying relative dependent, you can claim her. Here are the tests:1. The person cannot be your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer. A child is not the qualifying child of any other taxpayer if the childs parent (or any other person for whom the child is defined as a qualifying child) is not required to file an income tax return or files an income tax return only to get a refund on income tax withheld.2. The person either (a) must be related to you or (b) must live with you all year as a member of your household. 3. The persons gross  taxable income for the year must be less than $3,650.4. You must provide more than half of the persons total support for the year.5. The person must be a U.S. citizen or a U.S., Canada, or Mexico resident for some part of the year. 
The tax return in the program will never show that you paid the state since TT never pays the taxes for you... they only send your payment directions to the state and they initiate the payment. Your proof of payment is on your bank or credit card statement.  Did the payment ever happen ?         Check the printout or PDF of your return; look for the\nstate filing instruction sheet with the Turbotax logo. \n\nIf you owed tax, it will show the payment information\nand how you decided to pay.  \n\nRead the state payment instructions carefully since\nmost states cannot be paid from within the TT system and requires additional\nsteps. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900884-what-are-my-options-for-getting-my-state-refund-or-for-paying-any-state-taxes-i-owe\n\nCheck the answer to this question for the screen shots\nfor clarity. https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3349591-i-filed-my-state-tax-return-through-tt-and-set-up-automated-withdrawal-for-taxes-i-owed-however-i-have-not-seen-this-withdrawal-occur-in-my-account-can-you-help?jump_to=answer_5449489\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If all of the following apply, you dont need to report it.\nYou lived in the home as your main home for at 2 of the 5 years preceding the sale.\nYour net profit from the sale is less than $250,000 ($500,000 if Married Filing Jointly).\nYou didnt take depreciation deduction on the home or use it for business during the time you owned it.\nYou didnt rent it out at any time that you owned it.\nYou didnt receive a Form 1099-S.\n 
As an independent contractor you are considered self-employed as far as the IRS is concerned. So I assume you file a SCH C as a part of your personal tax return, to show that income as being from self-employment. I further assume that your residence is your official place of business and that you can prove it. If so, then mileage to/from a job site where work is actually performed on that job site, would be deductible. But you will need to keep detailed records not just showing the mileage details for each job, but also showing personal non-work related use of the vehicle too (assuming this is your personal vehicle and you use it for both).These detailed records will only be needed in the event of an audit. So if audited and you dont have such records, your deductions would be disallowed. Additionally, penalties would be assessed too. 
Your 1098-T will either show what you paid in tution and fees (box 1) or what you were billed in tuition and fees (box 2), but it will not show both.  Since your 1098-T shows what was billed, then it is expected for you to determine what you actually paid.  After you enter your 1098-T numbers into TurboTax, it will ask how much of Box 2 did you actually pay.  Usually you were billed for Summer 2010, Fall 2010 and Spring 2011 (assuming that box 7 is checked on the 1098-T).  You should have paid for Summer and Fall earlier in the year, but did you pay for Spring 2011 in 2010?  If yes, then you would enter the full amount listed on Box 2.  If you did not pay for Spring 2011 until  2011, then you would enter only what you paid for Summer 2010 and Fall 2010.  The next screen will ask how much tuition and fees did you pay that was not billed on your  2010 1098-T.  This could be payments made for Spring 2010 that was billed in 2009 but not paid until 2010.  These two entered numbers should represent what you paid in tuition and fees for Spring 2010, Summer 2010, and Fall 2010. 
If by amended return you are referring to your 2015 income tax return, then no.  That income tax return deals with 2015 taxable income and has nothing to do with your changed 2016 income tax situation.  If you no longer have to pay estimated taxes because of a change in circumstances in 2016, you simply stop paying them.  Youll take credit for estimated 2016 taxes you have paid on your 2016 income tax return.  Tom Young 
Probably the Federal AOTC:https://www.irs.gov/individuals/aotcIt is too late now to amend for a refund for any tax years prior to 2013. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
The Colorado Department of Revenue has announced delays for process for tax refunds up to 8-10 weeks due to enhanced tax refund fraud detection efforts.
you have not provided enough info to determine if the computed FTC is correct. there are many legitimate reasons why you may not get the full FTC.   for example, if your in the 15% bracket and the foreign tax rate was more than 15% you will not get all the FTC.  you need to review the 1116 and see where the numbers differ from what you would expect.  the FTC is complex (TT doesnt automatically provide all the computations needed) For anyone to determine if there is an error in the computation that would need a copy of all major forms and schedules. and possibly even backup 
Im assuming that filing paperwork quarterly has to do with a possible need to make quarterly payments of estimated taxes.You need to make payments of estimated taxes if you have significant income thats not subject to withholding.  Since you have no income associated with the rental house theres no need to make estimated tax payments.  Indeed, if you are able to recognize the losses on the rental property, meaning you are routinely getting an income tax refund, you could even lower the amount of withholding from your paychecks.Tom Young 
You need to check the Illinois tax department web site for their residency rules.  I remember a discussion in this forum a few weeks ago, also for Illinois (if I recall correctly) that Illinois makes it almost impossible to prove for tax purposes that you live somewhere else.  To prove to Illinois that you have moved out and dont owe state income tax is hard work, you likely need to change your drivers license, insurance, voter registration, auto registration, etc.  You really need to have no connection with Illinois.If this is a temporary assignment (you say will continue until the end of the year) and you will be moving back to Illinois in 2017, then it is likely the Illinois department of revenue will still consider you to be domiciled in Illinois and subject to the full year of Illinois income tax.Illinois and New York are about the toughest states on this issue.See this for more, http://www.revenue.state.il.us/legalinformation/regs/part100/100-3020.pdfhttp://www.revenue.state.il.us/individuals/filingrequirements/https://www.isba.org/sections/statelocaltax/newsletter/2010/06/imanonresidentofillinoismaybe 
Yes to federal ... due to the pension the SS benefits will be 85% taxable as well.Not much if any to GA ...\n\nMost Tax-FriendlyOne of Kiplingers top ten most tax-friendly states for retirees, the Peach State is a peachy tax environment for retirees. Social Security income is exempt, and so is up to $35,000 of most types of retirement income for those age 62 to 64. For those 65 and older, the exemption is $65,000 per taxpayer. The statewide sales tax is 4%, but jurisdictions may add up to 4% of their own taxes. Full-time residents qualify for a homestead exemption, and seniors may qualify for additional deductions from property taxes.Read more at http://www.kiplinger.com/tool/retirement/T055-S001-state-by-state-guide-to-taxes-on-retirees/index.p...\n\n
You can pay for the current Deluxe edition and then have access to the prior year online returns.  There is no need to upgrade any further than the edition you are currently using.To pay for the upgrade so you can access your prior year tax returns, assuming that you signed onto your 2015 account with the exact same user ID you used for the prior returns -To pay the TurboTax online account fees by credit card, click on My Account at the top of the online program screen.  Then click on Print Center.  Then click on Print, save or preview this years return.  On the next page, to pay by credit card, click Continue.  On the next screen just click on the Continue button.  The next screen will ask for all your credit card information so you can pay for the account. 
TurboTAX makes no assumptions. You enter your birthdates in the Personal Info section. 
To enter into TurboTax, type “1099-misc, miscellaneous income” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the box below, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions. In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms 
The IRS is correct. Even though the income was not earned income, it still disqualified your for the EIC. The\nearned income credit is first calculated (actually looked up in a table) on\nyour earned income then it is calculated on your total income (AGI). You get\nthe lesser of the two calculated EIC numbers. See the 2015 EIC table at:\n\nhttps://apps.irs.gov/app/vita/content/globalmedia/earned_income_credit_table_1040i.pdf2013 will be lightly different, but it should still be clear that your EIC, based on total income, is zero. 2013 Table:http://taxmap.ntis.gov/taxmap/archive2013/taxmap/instr/i1040gi-015.htm#TXMP2c0ec5d7
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
If you download the installer directly from Turbotax, it should be current as of the date of the download and not need to be updated.  That makes me think that you never did a complete uninstall, following the procedure to remove all the Mac files including hidden preferences and other support files.  You also cant have two different Mac versions installed for the same year, like Deluxe 2015 and Premier 2015 at the same time.  That creates problems.I suggest doing a complete uninstall including all hidden files, and also delete all old installers.  Then log into your account and do a fresh download of the Premier installer only, and install the program. https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301991 
TurboTax does not have a copy of the W-2.  It would have a Wage and Tax Statement worksheet that included the information from the W-2 and emulates a W-2.  The worksheet would be included in the PDF of the tax return if you downloaded the PDF to include All forms and worksheets in the tax year the return was completed.  If you cannot obtain the W-2 from your employer, then for a fee of $37 you can get a complete copy of a W-2 from the Social Security Administration - https://faq.ssa.gov/ics/support/KBAnswer.asp?questionID=3836You can get a free Wage and Income transcript from the IRS by completing a Form 4506-T - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdfSee this IRS website for transcripts - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-TranscriptFor a fee of $50 you can get a complete federal tax return to include copies of W-2s from the IRS by completing Form 4506 - http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506.pdfSee this IRS Tax Topic - http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc159.html 
Prizes and awards are not earned income.https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/1382a 
Its only been 2 months since the adjustment was made.  Injured Spouse takes 11-14 weeks to process.
Some customers\nhave reported issues paying for TurboTax fees by credit/debit card with the MAX\nAssist & Defend bundle selected.\n\nDepending on\nthe situation, they may see one or more of the following error messages.\n\n\n shippingInfoModel.zip(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 14;\n shippingInfoModel.state(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 2;\n shippingInfoModel.firstName(value:\n     ) size must be between 2 and 20;\n\n\nWorkaround\n\nThis is caused\nwhen the MAX bundle is in the order and there are issues with the information entered\nin the Personal Info section. This can happen in the following situations:\n\n\n You have a foreign\n     mailing address entered, but are paying with a U.S.-based credit/debit\n     card\n The first name youve\n     entered is only one letter\n\n\nThis can be\nresolved by temporarily changing your information under Personal Info, then\nchanging it back before filing your return. If you have a foreign address,\nenter the U.S. billing address for the card youre trying to use. If you have\nonly one letter as your first name, change this to your full first name, as\nshown on your social security card.\n\n1.   Click on the Personal Info tab at the top\n\n2.   Make the\nnecessary changes to your personal Information\n\n3.   Click the File tab at the top and click Start next to Step 1\n\n4.   Continue to pay\nfor TurboTax Online\n\n5.   Continue\nthrough the interview until, in Step 3, youve signed the consent form for MAX\nAssist & Defend\n\n6.   Return to\nPersonal Info and set your mailing address back to the correct address, as\ndescribed in steps 1-3, before transmitting your\nreturn\n\nIf youve\nfollowed the above steps and you continue to get the error message, it can\nbe resolved by removing the MAX Benefits from your order, which will allow you\nto file.\n\nNote: If you\nchoose to remove the MAX bundle and file, you will not be able to order it\nlater.\n\n\n\n\n\nSLN97214\n\n Answered by TurboTax\nFAQ to this question\n\n\n\n\n\n 
If you do not actually receive a W-2 for your wages and the taxes withheld, then you do not enter anything in the W-2 section under Wages and Income.  You enter your foreign earned income on a Form 2555.  You enter foreign taxes paid on Form 1116.To enter Foreign Earned Income -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Wages and Income (Personal Income using Home and Business)\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Less Common Income\nOn Foreign Earned Income and Exclusion, click on the start or update button\nTo enter Foreign Taxes paid -\nClick on Federal Taxes (Personal using Home and Business)\nClick on Deductions and Credits\nClick on Ill choose what I work on (if shown)\nScroll down to Estimates and Other Taxes Paid\nOn Foreign Taxes, click the start or update button\nSee this TurboTax support FAQ for foreign income - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1895445-do-i-need-to-report-foreign-incomeSee this Turbotax support FAQ for foreign taxes - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901623-where-do-i-enter-the-foreign-tax-credit-form-1116-or-deduc... 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript 
If you were not legally married as of 12/31/2015, then amend the Joint return to Single for one of you, and then file a single return for the other. 
I dont think that will work...unless the name and profile address on your online tax account profile, and the name address on the tax return itself is the same, then the credit card is unlikely to be allowed.  (think of the huge fraud implications if the billing software allowed that)...But Check out SuperUser Carls suggestion here as a possible alternative..https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/3368310-i-cannot-pay-your-fee-as-although-i-have-a-us-cc-i-do-not-... 
Yes, and you may wish to do the same for State.
Only if you are military can you file the extension\nthru TT now ...  https://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/\n\nIf not then you will need to mail in the form. https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4868.pdf \n\nLine 8Out of the Country.  If\nyou are out of the country on the regular due date of your return, check the\nbox on line 8. 
You have legal issues in addition to tax ones, so please see a local professional.
The 21 days to receive a federal tax refund is only a target, it is not a guarantee.  Only the IRS can give you the status on a federal tax refund.Call the IRS:  1-800-829-1040  hours 7 AM - 7 PM local time Monday-FridayWhen calling the IRS do NOT choose the first option re: Refund, or it will send you to an automated phone line.  So after first choosing your language, then do NOT choose Option 1 (refund info).  Choose option 2 for personal income tax instead.Then press 1 for form, tax history, or payment.   Then press 4 for all other questions.Then press 2 for all other questions.  It should then transfer you to an agent.Or you can contact your local IRS office.  See this IRS website for local IRS offices - http://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-Your-Local-IRS-Office-1 or call 1-844-545-5640 to set up an appointmentOr you may want to contact a Taxpayer Advocate in your area.  See this IRS website for Taxpayer Advocate in your area and a toll free number - http://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Local-Taxpayer-Advocate 
Workaround to open a closed/archived\n 2015 return:\n\n \n\n1.    Sign in at\nTurboTax.com and click Taxes near the\ntop. This will open your Tax Timeline.\n\n2.    In the 2015 Tax Year section, click Add a state (were not really adding one, this is just a way\nto reopen your return).\n\nAfter the blue Simple and\naccurate screen finishes loading, youll be back inside your return 
See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a copy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-onlineOnce the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.You have to sign onto your TurboTax online account with the exact same userid and password you used to create the account.If you may have forgotten some of your login information, see the following TurboTax support FAQ -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901535-forgot-your-turbotax-user-id-or-passwordOr you may have multiple accounts, see this - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1901486-problems-associated-with-multiple-turbotax-accountsIf you receive a message that your tax return is Locked or that you need to pay for the account, see this TurboTax support FAQ - https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2926523If you still cannot access your account, you can contact TurboTax customer service/support through their contact website during business hours.Use the following TurboTax website to contact TurboTax customer service/support.  Submit your question/problem during business hours and then use the option for Call (a phone number will be provided for Call) to speak directly with a TurboTax agent -https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/ Note:  The Call option will not be available when TurboTax Support is closed.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.You can also get free transcripts of your federal return from the IRS - http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
Emailing is not safe ... faxing would be better.   However if you insist then attach a saved PDF copy of the return to the email. 
most likely the problem is that you either answered a question incorrectly or checked a wrong box.  the notice you got from MT should have detailed the error. 
\n\nIf you are a self-employed U.S. citizen or resident alien living outside the United States, in most cases you must pay SE tax. You must take all of your self-employment income into account in figuring your net earnings from self-employment, even income that is exempt from income tax because of the foreign earned income exclusion.Per the IRS Instructions for Schedule SE (Form 1040) Self-Employment Tax, page SE-2:Exception. The United States has social security agreements with many countries to eliminate dual taxes under two social security systems. Under these agreements, you must generally pay social security and Medicare taxes to only the country you live in.The United States now has social security agreements with the following countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, South Korea, Spain, Slovak Republic, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. \n\nyou may owe medicare taxes since there is no limit on the amount that is subject to this tax.   you need to review schedule se the long form section b. on line 8a there should be the amount of your w-2 social security wages. 
The rollover IRA account is not the companys account. Its your own account. The rollover IRA is not the discontinued plan. The discontinued plan no longer exists. What you have is just an IRA that belongs to you.It makes no difference where the money in the IRA came from. You were required to start taking RMDs from your IRA in the year that you turned 70 1/2. So you now have a considerable amount of excess accumulation in the account. The penalty for not taking the required distributions is severe - 50% of the amount you should have taken out but didnt. Its possible to request a waiver of the penalty. But in view of the number of years that have gone by, and the apparently large amount of money involved, you should get help from a qualified local tax professional to request the waiver. At a minimum, to have any chance of getting the waiver approved, you will have to take all the distributions that you should have taken in previous years. That will all be taxable income this year. 
When you enter a 1099-Misc into Turbo Tax, after you enter the 1099-Misc info, the next screen asks for Source of Other Income? The first item is for consulting, ... your business. Then, the next screen asks if you the reason for the 1099, if you answer "self-employed", Turbo Tax lets you associate that income with a Sched C business you have.In Turbo Tax, select the Federal Taxes tab, click on the Wages & Income link, choose "Explore on My Own", then scroll down to Other Common Income / Income from Form 1099-Misc. When you add or edit the 1099-Misc, Turbo Tax will allow you to associate your 1099-Misc with your Sched C business.I hope this helps! 
You cant take a tax deduction for the value of your unpaid time.   Since you never paid tax on it, there is nothing to deduct from your tax.  You can deduct mileage or other associated actual costs that you pay.Companies have been known to abuse the independent contractor designation.  You might want to review this, https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/independent-contractor-self-employed-o... 
The 2014 return must be mailed in ... complete the FILE tab to choose the mail in  option then the forms to mail & instructions will be available to print. You can print with and without the worksheets ... print the without version for mailing purposes. 
\n\nIt may\nbe best for you to talk in real time to TT Customer Support . They can even\nscreen share with you if necessary to see what is going on.    \nHeres how to be assigned a phone number to\nthe proper department at TT Customer Support during the business hours shown\nbelow (it will not display when they are closed). \n\n1) Go to https://support.turbotax.intuit.com/contact/\n2) Choose the product platform you are using.\n3)  Ask a question or keywords\nwithout quotes, and Submit.\n4)  On next page, skip the suggested\narticles if they dont help.\n5) Scroll down, and you should be able to\nenter the Support module to get a phone number. (That will be grayed out when\nthey are closed).\n6) Support hours: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific 
The US has totalization agreements with a small number of countries to avoid having to pay social security in both countries. Norway is one of these countries. So if you pay social security in Norway, you should get a certificate of coverage from them and then you would not need to pay in the US as well.https://www.ssa.gov/international/Agreement_Pamphlets/norway.html 
In an OIC (Offer in Compromise) you agree to give up any refund for the year the offer is accepted.  For years after that, you get to keep any refunds.
The Motion Picture Credit is the bottom credit on the California Credit Finder page. Revisit the section and make sure that the credit box is completely blank. 
A payment of cash for keys is fully taxable.  While the landlord might not be required to file a Form 1099, it is still taxable. 
\n\nYou can report business income in two ways:\n\n1.       1099-Misc\nIncome, or\n\n2.       General Income\n\nIf\nyou dont have a Form 1099-Misc, you would enter the income under the second\ncategory.  If you do, a 1099 isnt necessary.\n\n 
You can switch over to Forms view and go directly to that Schedule E or Worksheet by using the list on the left 
No. A loan is debt, it is not considered income. 
Refill your entire return using the correct forms. The most recent filing becomes the official filing. 
CA will be sending you a letter about this. 
Only the CD /Download version can handle your prior year tax return.Purchase TurboTAX 2014 Deluxe, which is available from the Intuit web site. 
Your best bet is to call the NY tax authority, and ask them. 
So long as the move is for employment and you meet the time and distance tests, it doesnt matter if you work at home or at some other location. 
Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, dont put the word refund in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in Billing Issues instead. 
This question is more complicated than it seems. When you marry you will then have to decide if you file jointly or separately. Further you will have to consult the Iowa laws to clarify your and your wifes position. For almost certainly, if you file a joint federal tax return next year you and your wife will have to determine which address to use. If you file a separate federal return I think your income will not be taxable in Iowa but your wifes income will be. Whatever you decide be certain. The action you do take will set a precedent for future tax years.
You have to sign onto your 2015 (not 2016) online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions. 
If its been more than 90\ndays since the return was accepted  then you can ask for help from the Tax\nPayer Advocate office:\n\nAt the following IRS\nwebsite, find the USA map and click on your state, and it will give you the\nnumber of your IRS Taxpayer Advocate.\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/uac/Contact-a-Local-Taxpayer-Advocate\n\nIf you are unsuccessful with the Taxpayer Advocate for your area, you can also\ntry the special IRS phone number for the Taxpayer Advocate Service at 877-777-4778.\n\nMore info on the Taxpayer Advocate Service:\nhttp://www.taxpayeradvocate.irs.gov/about/who-we-are\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/Advocate/Taxpayer-Advocate-Service-6\n\nAlso see this article for more info on how the Taxpayer Advocate Service works:\nhttp://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc104.html 
You must now get a paper copy from the employer or download & print one from the online access port that you used to import them into TT. 
If you are including the full amount of your\nforeign wages on your US income tax return and if you pay foreign taxes on\nthese wages, you will be allowed an offset for these foreign taxes on your US\ntax return.\n\nIf you take a foreign tax credit, your US tax\nliability will be reduced by the amount of taxes that you would have paid if\nthe transaction took place in the US (see this link Claim Foreign Tax Credit). If you take a foreign tax deduction on Schedule A, you will be allowed to\ndeduct the full amount of the foreign taxes paid but you will need to itemize\n(which could limit your ability to take the full deduction). The TurboTax\nsoftware will help you determine which of these options will lower your overall\ntax liability. 
If you have income from multiple foreign sources you will have to report each for the appropriate tax year. 
Go to the states website that the return is for. Should be able to print off the forms that are needed to file. These will have to be filled out by hand and mailed in. The electronic filing is only for the current year do and this option is only available until the 15th October. If you need your earnings for the year will need to call state and ask for them to mail you your income documents. Once the return in mailed and there are no errors on the return should take 30 to 60 days to process. 
It takes a lot longer for the IRS to process a paper return so this time frame does not appear to be out of line.  I filed a paper return for a friend just before April 15th (where there were no identity issues) and she received her refund via direct deposit last week.  I suggest that you go to https://www.irs.gov/uac/checking-the-status-of-your-refund   for a complete description of how to check on your refund.  I noted some one made a comment that asks  if you have a USPS tracking number, but in my experience most people just use regular mail and do not have tracking numbers.  The benefit of using the IRS web based checking is you will know if for some reason your return was not received.  If it is not noted as received or processing you might have to file again.  In any case you need a copy of the return filed to pursue this matter so print one out ASAP. 
No. You must amend 2015.  However, if you entered the 1099-R on your 2015 return, the taxes withheld shown on it would have been recorded. 
duplicate post 
Once your return has been filed and accepted, the timing of processing is strictly within the control of the IRS.  Will the school accept a paper copy of your return? 
No.  Your return will always show the tax due or refund as it was when you filed it it.  It is not updated when you pay.  And the IRS doesn't tell Turbo Tax that it has been paid or not. 
You have to sign onto your 2015 online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your 2015 account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you have filed your 2015 tax returns and they have been accepted, when you sign onto your online account and are on the Welcome Home screen, click on Taxes at the top of the screen.  When you are on your 2015 tax timeline, under the section for SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on either option for Download/print return (PDF) or Download all forms and worksheetsIn the section Looking for prior year returns?  Click on Load my tax timeline to access prior year tax returns.Once the PDF has been downloaded to your computer, you can view or print the return with any PDF compatible viewer, such as Adobe Reader.If you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
After signing in to online return, select Tools from\nthe My Account drop-down\nlist in the upper right corner.\n\nIn\nthe pop-up window, click the shopping cart (My\nFees)\nto get a breakdown of your TurboTax charges.\n\nIf\nyour TurboTax\nOnline fees arent quite what you expected, its likely you upgraded to a more\nfull-featured version like\nPLUS or better, added a state, and/or chose one or more optional services such\nas Refund Processing or Audit Defense.\n\nFor\nhelp with these, refer to the related articles below.\n\nRelated Information:\n\n        \nHow do I remove the $34.99 Refund\nProcessing Fee?\n\n        \nhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2583650-what-is-PLUS?\n\n        \nCan I switch to a lower-priced version\nof TurboTax Online?\n\n        \nHow do I delete my state in TurboTax\nOnline?\n\n        \nWhy am I being charged for TurboTax\nFederal Free Edition?\n\n        \nHow can I pay my TurboTax Online fees?\n\n\n\n\n\n 
You can download the Amended forms on the IRS website.  If you kept a copy of your 2015 return, it will be easy to fill out the form yourself and include the foreign tax credit.  Depending on the $ amount, it may not be worth doing this.   But, no, you cannot claim that credit on the next years return. 
Did you mail your entire return or e file?Either way you can check on your refund irs.gov  Wheres my refund tab.Enter social security number, filing status, and refund amount. 
Unfortunately, once you\ntransmit your return you cannot change it or get it back. You would\nhave to wait until your return gets rejected or accepted.  If\nrejected, you can make your changes or add information to your return. If\naccepted, you would need to amend your return to correct or add\ninformation to your return. \n\nIf you need to amend your\nreturn and youre amending to claim more money, the IRS says to wait until\nyouve received your original refund before filing an amendment. Once youve\nreceived your original refund, feel free to cash or spend it while your\namendment gets processed (this can take 1216 weeks). 3 weeks after you mailed\nyour amendment, you can start tracking its progress at the IRS Wheres My Amended Return? site.\n\nMore information regarding\namending a return can be found below: \n\nClick the tax year you need\nto amend for specific instructions.\n\n        \n2015\n\n        \n2014\n\n        \n2013\n\n        \n2012\n\nRelated\nInformation:\n\n        \nWhat\ndoes it mean to amend a return?\n\n        \nDo\nI Need to Amend my Tax Return?\n\n        \nWill\namending delay my original tax refund?\n\n        \nWhat\nis the deadline for filing an amended return?\n\n        \nCan\nI e-file my 1040X to amend my return?\n\n \n\nGEN12781\n\n-\nAnswered by TurboTax FAQ to this question\n\n\n\n\n\n*** Review the Health Insurance section to enter the 1095-A and indicate you had insurance all year ... go slow and read the screens.***It is too late to amend a 2009 return to get a refund.  If you do need to amend 2009 you have to get the forms from the IRS or find a paid preparer to do one for you. 
If your resident state is FL you would file a non-resident return for VA.
Here's how to print a copy,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/2562308-how-do-i-print-a-copy-of-my-turbotax-online-return-after-filing-for-my-own-recordsHow to save the pdf file.  Then you can print just the pages you need,https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1912544-how-do-i-save-my-2015-turbotax-online-return-as-a-pdf Turbo Tax doesn't have your W2s, only the entries you made from them.  If you need a copy of the actual W2 you need to ask your employer for another copy. 
You do NOT claim her wages on your return. She will have to file her own return. Just make sure that she checks the box that says she can be a dependent on someone elses return. 
Yes pre-tax is the best.  Then it comes right off your income.  To deduct medical post tax you need to itemize deductions on schedule A.  And then you can only deduct the amount for Medical that is over 10% of your AGI.  You don't have to meet that limit (floor) for pre-tax deductions.  So it's usually not worth taking medical on schedule A.
Starting your tax year on 1/1/16 is easy. Just start your business any time during 2016 and your tax year will automatically end on 12/31/16.  You are not allowed to report bi-annually. 
If you used Online TurboTax and cant find your previous online returns in the Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters. 
Duplicate post. 
15 %.. Of course it depends on what other income you will have this year.you might have no income, or a high income and already be in a high tax bracket.An inherited IRA can be dispersed over your life time or possibly the expected life time of the decedent. meanwhile it will continue to grow tax deferred.See IRS Pub 590B for details before you make your decision. 
In addition to the previous answer do an update and force a namual update if needed. If this doesnt resolve your issue you may need to manually enter the data in the supplied in program form. This happened to me around 3 years ago and I concluded it was my computer which had some registry issues. Turbo would get.errors and miscalculation for certain forms. I did a total unis tall saving the tax file, reimported it ND it worked for me. 
You will pay regular income taxes and a 10% penalty on the amount OVER what you contributed.For example, if you contributed $10,000 to your Roth 401k and it is now worth $15,000, you will pay regular income taxes (often 25%, plus State, but it depends on your income) and the 10% penalty on the extra $5000.As a side note, you say if I decided to keep the money.  If you missed the 60 day window, it can not be rolled over.  However, because you did not yet cash the check, it *MIGHT* not be considered closed or withdrawn yet (you would need to contact the administrators of the 401k to determine that).
If you can't find your 2015 return you may be in the wrong account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Or if you are logged in to the right account, Try this, you can sign back onto your account, click the Visit My Tax Timeline and then under SOME THINGS YOU CAN DO, click on Add a State.  This should get you back into your return.If you need a refund, Contact Customer Service https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041  In the search line enter some keywords or question without quotes. On the next page, skip the suggested topic links and scroll down until you see CALL US.  It should show the wait times.NOTE: If you need a refund, don't put the word "refund" in the question box or it will send you to the check the IRS tax refund status line. Try putting in "Billing Issues" instead.
You cant claim them as charitable contributions.  Contributions of ordinary income property (which includes property owned less than 1 year) are limited to cost, and your cost is zero.
You can try posting your questions here in this user forum.  OR Contact Customer Service when the office is openhttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041 
You probably have another account.  That's common.  First LOG OUT of whatever TurboTax account you're logged into right now. Then use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of user ID's for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recovery/Here's info on how to access your Online returnshttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3301525If you can't find your return, request a free transcript of your federal return from the IRS.http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/Get-Transcript Or order an exact copy of your tax return (including all attachments) from the IRS. There is a $50 fee per tax return. See http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc156.html
The email address on a notification is not necessarily the same as the User ID of an account.  Many people have multiple accounts without realizing it.  More than one account can use the same email address for notification purposes.   Ill tell you below how to look for multiple accounts (User IDs).How did you prepare the return--online or in the desktop version (CD/download)?    If you prepared it in the desktop (CD/download) version, all tax files are stored locally on ones computer.If you used Online TurboTax for 2014, and cant find your 2014 return in the 2014 Tax Timeline, then you likely have multiple accounts (User IDs) and signed into\n the wrong one. To\n get a list of your User IDs and recover accounts, you can use the tool\n at the link below.  If you have more than 1 email address, you should \nrun the tool on each one. NOTE: Before running the tool, log out\n of all Intuit accounts including this user forum, or you might end up \nin a loop.  Then clear your browser Internet cache, close your browser, \nthen reopen it, and go to:https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf\n still no luck after running that on each email address you have, then \nrun the tool yet again, but this time choose the small blue link that \nsays I dont know my email address or User ID, and it will look you up by SSN and other parameters.*****************************If you still dont find the right account after all that, you can phone TurboTax Customer Support for assistance.To get a phone number for TurboTax Customer Support, fill out the small form at the link below.  Enter a short question or a few keywords.  You will be assigned a phone number based on your issue. The phone number will not display when they are closed.FAQ:  What is the TurboTax phone number?https://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/3300041
See if this FAQ is helpful:FAQ:  ShippingInfoModel Error When Paying For TurboTax Onlinehttps://ttlc.intuit.com/replies/5294938 
Hi there, This article was helpful in researching your question: http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/Gen12922Let me know if you have further questions. 
If the move to WA is temporary you should file a resident AL return including the WA income.The criteria below will help you determine your state of permanent residency.Military Home of Record trumps all, otherwise consider...Property ownership and residence: homestead statusthe location of your homeyour mailing addressthe location of your bank accountswhere you qualify for unemployment insurancethe state in which you filed previous resident tax returnsthe state where you earn your wagesLicenses and registrations: where you are registered to votewhich state issued your driver’s licensewhere your vehicles are registeredthe state in which you maintain professional licenses 
If the mortgage interest was paid, it is deductible. 
No. An "expense" requires a expenditure of money. 
I would think that the prison provided almost all of your nephews support. Housing, food, and clothing are all part of support. If he was in prison, he did not live with you, and you certainly did not provide more than half of his support. I dont see any way that you could claim him as a dependent. 
Im assuming your son was under the age of 19.  Being in juvenile detention is considered to be only temporarily way from home, meaning you may still be able to claim your son as a "qualifying child" dependent.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- all dependents must be US Citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico. 
Loans are not reported.  If you default, it becomes a distribution at that time. 
It has nothing to do with your insurance premiums.  It refers to how much you can contribute to your HSA.  See this site for limits:http://www.hsacenter.com/2011limits.html 
Married Filing Separately will protect your refund.  But MFS has many unpleasant issues including the loss of certain deductions and credits and can actually cost you many tax dollars.  There is another solution.  Include in your joint return Form 8379 Injured Spouse Allocation.  This form protects your portion of a joint refund from being used to satisfy her obligations.  The only drawback to using this form  is that it adds anywhere from 8-14 weeks to the time it takes to get any refund.  Form 8379 is included in TT under Other Tax Situations. 
Well, its not TT fault. TT doesnt give you your refund...the IRS does, Once your return is accepted its all the IRS from there on... 
In the EIC screens gotten to in the my family section of deductions and credits. If the dependent(s) dont qualify for EIC TurboTax will list the reason why. It could be SSN left off personal information, for example. 
If you are referring to college expenses, you can claim his qualified educational expenses if you claim him as your dependent.To determine your eligibility to claim a dependent, type in “dependent guide me” (without the quotes) in the search window, highlight the same phrase in the drop down box, click Go and follow the prompts and online instructions.  In TurboTax Online, you will find the search window by clicking on Tools (top right), then Topics and Forms. 
In general, to qualify to deduct expenses for business use of your home, you must use part of your home:-    Exclusively and regularly as your principal place of business -    Exclusively and regularly as a place where you meet or deal with patients, clients, or customers in the normal course of your trade or business,-    In the case of a separate structure which is not attached to your home, in connection with your trade or business,-    On a regular basis for certain storage use,-    For rental use ,or-    As a daycare facility If you use part of your home for storage of inventory or product samples, you can deduct expenses for the business use of your home without meeting the exclusive use test. However, you must meet all the following tests.-    You sell products at wholesale or retail as your trade or business.-    You keep the inventory or product samples in your home for use in your trade or business.-    Your home is the only fixed location of your trade or business.-    You use the storage space on a regular basis.-    The space you use is a separately identifiable space suitable for storage. 
SteamTrain gave you the answer you need here in response to your first post:  https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/dY48HYIIyr4zeIeJe_aVBv/want-a-simple-answer-to-my-question-i-donot-want-to-answer-20-questions-from-you-make-it-simple-how-do-i-update-my-cd-to-get-all-updated-forms?ppid=112030231 
The "qualified" in Qualified dividends refers to an IRS classification that refers to a lower federal tax liability for most taxpayersMost (maybe all) do not have tax benefits for qualified dividends 
Put first 10 months worth on Schedule A ("my home" deductions and credits), and the rest on Schedule E ("rentals and royalties" income). 
Willy, if you received a rejection email you will need to correct the cause of the rejection and resubmit your return. Once you receive the reject email your return will no longer be listed in the system. In TurboTax follow the steps below to fix the rejection.1. Click the Print & File tab, select Check E-file Status right below it, and then click the Fix button.2. On the next screen, TurboTax will show you what needs fixing. Make the necessary corrections, then click the Continue button.3.Eventually TurboTax will bring you back to Your E-file Status screen. Click the Re-File My Return button (not the "Revisit" button, unless you want to review your corrections).4. Continue to follow the on-screen instructions to re-submit your corrected return. Your return isnt e-filed until you click the green Transmit Now button.If you have any other questions on fixing the reject code let me know. Best of luck Willy, I hope this solves your question. 
You appear to be using TTax on-line.The TTax on-line user ID/account can be used for ONE and only one tax return --e-filed or printed/mailed.  If you need to prepare more than one return you MUST create a new user ID/account and pay for EACH return --if you want to use the on-line version.If you try to prepare a second return using the same ID you will overwrite all data for the first return and it will be lost forever; thus if the IRS challenges your first return you will no longer have a basis to respond to questions.If you need to prepare more than one return it would be less costly to purchase/install the desktop version of TTax on your computer.  The desktop version allows you to prepare and print and unlimited number of returns.  It also allows FREE e-file --HOWEVER the IRS LIMITS e-files to FIVE. 
Yes - the unused portion of the credit for solar energy can be carried forward from year to year. If there is still an unused portion this year, you can apply it on your 2011 tax return. 
you might be wrong...If you are expecting a refund chances are you will be getting it on Feb. 25 not the 22nd because federal returns are deposit on fridays not tuesdays. you should check again to be sure....... 
Hobbies are not tax deductible.  Rather, hobby income is reported, and hobby expenses are deductible only to the extent of the income.If he has no income, he has no deductions. 
If you are a resident of George and your state income taxes are higher than your state sales taxes, it may not be advantageous to deduct them.If you claim the standard deduction, you cannot.  The legislation that permitted a deduction of sales taxes on a new auto in addition to the standard deduction was only for new vehicles purchased from Feb. 17, 2009, through Dec. 31, 2009.  It was not part of the "Bush Tax Cuts" and, consequently, when those cuts got extended they did not include extending this provision.  See http://www.irs.gov/newsroom/article/0,,id=204519,00.html for the dates.If you claim itemized deductions for sales taxes, you can add the sales tax on a vehicle to the amount on the Commissioners sales tax tables.  The following is from Turbotaxs input screen under Sales Tax:"You can deduct the sales tax on certain major purchases . . ." If you click on the "certain major purchases" link, you will see an explanation of what they are.  The list includes:--- Vehicles,--- Boats,--- Motor Homes--- Building materials for major home improvements."However, itemized deductions for sales taxes are only to your advantage if your sales tax deductions are more than your state income tax deductions (as you can only claim one or the other.) 
Here is a link to the IRS instructions for 1040Xhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040x.pdfIt gives line by line directions and references to find the entries 
Changes made after submission and acceptance are not made.  You should change your return back to the original condition and wait for a rejection before you amend it.See these articles, especially number 30:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/search.jsp?pg=&q=Amend#pg5 
If the rental agreement is an "arms-length" rental contract (you are paying fair market value for your rent)) with your rent and utilities included, you would be considered as providing more than half of the upkeep of your home (the apartment). 
No, moving an IRA via a trustee to trustee transfer does not change any aspect of your IRA.  The 5 year rule (there are actually two different 5 year rules) you refer to applies only to a Roth IRA, not a traditional IRA.  Not sure which flavor of IRA you have.Tom Young 
Schools do not always fill those forms completely or even accurately. As long as you have good documentation (paid checks, statements, etc.) for what was paid to the school in 2011, you can use that. ron. 
When you go through Profit or Loss from Business topic in the Business Income and Expenses section under Federal taxes you will be asked first if you received and 1099-Miscs. If you choose "no" you will still be asked for income amounts that were not received on a 1099-Misc. 
Not sure but the making work pay credit is reduced for modified gross incomes of more than $150,000. So your credit would be reduced. 
First of all be sure you are using the same User ID that you used when you entered the items a few weeks ago.Also, once signed in, be sure you looked under the tab for the correct year.In case you have more than 1 user ID, heres how you can get all the User IDs emailed to you.Go the ItsDeductible sign-in page.Instead of logging in, look lower down and find the tiny blue link "Forgot your ID or Password?"  Click that.At the next screen, you can enter your email address to have the User IDs emailed to you.  If you may have used more than 1 email address, then do it for each one. 
TTax desktop versions Deluxe and higher allow you to download software for one (1) free state.  All state e-filed returns require an additional charge; however, as with the Federal return you can PRINT and MAIL an unlimited number of state returns a no additional cost.If you switch to TTax Basic you will have to pay extra to download the software for a state return.Also, just my own opinion, I see no advantage to using the auto renewal a) for just the reason you are questioning --you cannot easily change the TTax version; and b) most retailers offer the same package(s) at lower prices. 
Yes Code L in box 12 is for substantiated employee business expense reimbursements. 
No. Requirements for the 2010 Kentucky Education Tuition Tax Credit are different from the Federal Education requirements due to Kentucky not adopting the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2010. Books only count on the American Opportunity Credit, which was part of that Act.http://www.taxslayer.com/support/article.php?id=875 
If its for personal property, such as a home or a car, you dont need to report it in your return. Keep this form for your records in case you get a 1099-C that indicates the debt has actually been forgiven. 
Your returns should still be in the TurboTax directory off of the My Documents directory.  You can check the TurboTax directory or do a search for .tax2010.  You can also start the TurboTax program, click on the File menu, Open Tax Return, then click on the TurboTax directory 
Ok, I see what happened. That is the state tax refund. Apparently in 2009, you must have itemized deductions and received a state refund. So the state tax refund needs to be reported on line 10 of the 2010 form. Your wife must not have itemized deductions in 2009 or perhaps did not file a state tax return. Anyway, if only you had the state tax refund, then the return with the amount on line 10 is the one to use. ron. 
this sort of thing is normally decided during divorce setlements, check your paperwork from the divorce. 
If he was not a full time student, then no, you can not claim him. The income limit is $3,700. 
Dont claim the credit.To claim the credit without a SSN, you must attach a statement giving the name and address of the caregiver and describe the due diligence (reasonable efforts) you made to get the SSN.  The caregiver will be investigated for failure to pay taxes. 
Any one of the personal versions except the online Free Edition can handle this, but I would not recommend anything less than Deluxe.  You certainly dont need Home & Business unless you have a complex sole proprietorship or single-member LLC. 
If the IRS rejects the return, you can correct and resubmit it. If the IRS accepts the return, and  If the return you filed was incorrect, or needs to be changed you need to file an amended return on Form 1040-X.  Amended returns for the current  year can be done on line, but must be filed on paper.  If the amended return is for a refund, the IRS currently takes from 12 - 16 weeks to process amended returns and issue them.See this Turbotax article:  http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/kb/general-program-issues/tax-essentials/7781.htmlAmended returns must be filed in 3 years.  If you timely filed your 2007 return, the statute for filing an amended return for a refund ends April 15, 2011.  Refunds for timely filed prior years are barred by statute. 
The VA Funding fee is mortgage insurance and is deductible.Go to Deductions and Credits, under Your Home, on Mortgage Insurance click start 
You report a 1099-R atFederal TaxesWages & Incomeexplore on my ownscroll down toRetirement Plans and Social SecurityIRA, 401k, Pension Plans 1099-R      click start or updateif that is not where you entered the form originally, then go back to where you entered it originally and delete your entries, then enter it in the proper place. 
correct 
You report all of the information on the 1099-R, including employee contributions in the same data entry area.Federal TaxesWages & Incomeexplore on my ownRetirement Plans and Social SecurityIRA, 401k, Pension Plans 1099-R  click start or updateThe Turbotax data entry form has the same box numbers as are on your paper form. 
deleted 
Next year, be sure to enter the correct basis when asked for it in the interview.   For your 2011 tax, it probably did affect your tax liability if you had a distribution during the year (if the year end amount was not correct, then the taxable amount would be affected).   The bottom line tax might not have changed because of the "steps" in the tax tables.   You can download and file a corrected 8606 form from the IRS website and file it by itself to make the correction.http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/f8606--2011.pdfhttp://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-prior/i8606--2011.pdf 
Enter the company name and subscriber number. I believe on the next screen you will be able to indicate that you did not receive a 1099-HC.You should also try to determine if your insurance meets MCC:http://www.mass.gov/?pageID=dorterminal&L=4&L0=Home&L1=Individuals+and+Families&L2=Health+Care+Reform+Information&L3=Individuals&sid=Ador&b=terminalcontent&f=dor_healthcare_individual_FAQs&csid=Ador#4 
Do nothing until the IRS contacts you . If they want your W-2 they will send you a letter asking for it and they will include instructions on where to mail it. 
Did you enter them in the Wages section, and under each persons name?  Be sure you didnt enter them both as belonging to the same person. 
Cost is 200,000 * original share price + $20.  Proceeds are 100 * sale price - commissions. 
Your refund could be delayed a couple days for processing if you decide to have your TurboTax fees deducted from your refund, BUT it is better to pay by credit card or debit card because there is a additional charge of $29.95 for the service to have your fees deducted from your refund (if you dont have a credit or debit card you could purchase a pre-paid card from most stores) 
You can claim 2010 education expenses for academic periods beginning in 2010 and in the first three months of 2011. So, you can claim these education expenses if you can claim your daughter as a dependent for 2010.  Since your daughter was not a full-time student in 2010, she would have to be a dependent as your qualifying relative, meaning her taxable income would need to be under $3650 in 2010. 
Yes.People are getting accepted as part of the normal tax filing process... One example.https://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/aRKgKOqGyr4BgReJe_aNeW/just-got-accepted?ppid=113051981 
To check your RI refund statushttps://www.ri.gov/cgi-bin/taxation/refund/status.cgiIf you need to contact your State see the following for contact informationhttp://www.tax.ri.gov/contact/ 
As long as you tell TT in 2010, the date your placed the asset in SERVICE in 2008 and the correct cost and that it is residential rental property, it should give you the correct deprecation for year 3 which is 2010.  Residential rental property is basically straight-line depreciation for 27.5 years. You can manually check the 2010 depreciation by finding the depreciation percentage for year 3 in the MACRS depreciation table for residential real estate and multiplying that percentage times the cost of the residential rental property.  If you dont get the correct answer, then you have missed something in TT.  You need to make sure that TT knows that this is NOT a new asset starting in 2010.  If TT asks for accumulated depreciation, enter that amount in (which will be the 08 and 09 amounts). 
That would be Form 8829 Expenses for Business Use of Your Home. 
For a state return, 5 days is about the longest it should usually take, though it occasionally takes longer. For federal, 5 days is longer than it should take, normally.If your federal return has been pending for 5 days or more, then your return is most likely being held due to the late legislation. The IRS is unable to process some returns until February 14th due to late tax law changes passed by congress. The most common reason is itemized deductions, but you can check the link below for a more complete description. After the IRS begins accepting these returns, TurboTax will automatically transmit your return.You can see the article linked below for more details.http://turbotax.com/support/go/GEN80443 
If you are over the age of 23 in 2011 and have income of $3700 or more then you cannot be claimed as a dependent under the qualifying relative rules.If you were 23 or younger in 2011 and a full time student (5 months) you could be claimed as a dependent under the qualifying child rules if all the requirements are met.  To be a qualifying child ------ they must not file a joint return with another,----- the child must be your son, daughter, parent, sibling, grandchildren, niece, nephew, etc.,----- the child must be under the age of 19 (or 24 if a full time student for any portion of any 5 months during the year),----- the child must not provide more than 1/2 of their own support, ----- the child must live with you for more than 1/2 of the year, including temporary absences such as being away for schooling, and----- they must be US citizens or residents of the US, Canada or Mexico----- the child must be younger than you unless disabled.A full time student is someone who met the schools criteria for full time student for any portion of any five months during the year. If in school from 1/1 - 5/1, they would be five months. 
To qualify for the filing status of Qualifying Widow, you must have a dependent child and you can use that status for only two years after your spouse dies. If your spouse died in 1990, you would not qualify for that status even with a dependent child.You can find all of the requirements for that filing status in IRS Pub. 501, starting on page 8.http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p501.pdf 
If a friendly chat with them does not sway them from claiming you:Prepare your return as you believe it should be prepared, including taking your own personal exemption.  File the return on paper by mail; do not efile.  If your return hits the IRS first, everything will be fine.  If the parents filing hits there first, the IRS will process your return and will contact both parties to resolve the issue.  Winner gets the exemption; loser gets loss of the exemption, penalties and interest and a special place in the IRSs "were watching you" file.  Just be aware that this will not be a quick process of resolution so be prepared for a drawn out exercise. 
You enter summary numbers and maintain the supporting detail that will prove to the IRS that the summary amount is correct.Tom Young 
Im not sure what you mean by "blank form".  Are you asking how you start another return after youve already completed one?If so, at the top menu bar in the left corner, click on FILE, then in the drop-down menu choose "New Tax Return".If thats not what you are asking, then please provide more information. 
No.You put your unemployment atPersonalPersonal Incomeexplore on my own (if it comes up)Unemployment 
The loss can be reported in the year it occurred in Home and Biz under the Personal tab then Deductions and Credits. Then Explore on My Own then select Other Deductions and Credits. Then select Casualties and Thefts. When you enter the information on the screen Casualty or Theft Event be sure to mark that it was Business Use or Personal Use. Tax topic 515 has more information and links regarding casualty losses, and can be found here:  http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc515.html 
Two reasons:Because as the statute is written, the purpose of the credit is to permit the custodial parent to work.  You are not the custodial parent.Because you pay child support, you dont pay the child care agency. 
The you will not be able to deduct property tax. 
Yes - closing costs would reduce the sales price of the property. 
Why cant you use "various" for the purchase date. You should be able to use the average cost method for cost basis. 
All of it. 
1099-H relates to Health Care Organizations and Advance Payments-This is not part of the personal income tax series.In what context are you asking? 
I have answered my own question by speaking to IRS.  The best thing is to completely cancel the incorrect payment by phone and then submit a check for the correct amount with the amended return.  The correct IRS phone number is 1-800-555-3453.   The number given in previous posts no longer works. 
There is not.  If you didnt keep a list of the items and their condition, there would be no way to value them. 
answered in your other posthttps://ttlc.intuit.com/post/show_full/ciu9OkkaWr4zJleJe_aVvK/which-premier-turbo-tax-verson-if-filing-joint-federal-but-state-seperate?ppid=113660442 
your spouse is never a dependent. If you file jointly you get a personal exemption for yourself and one for your spouse.On a joint return you can claim the children as they are the qualifying children of your wife.However, my answer would only be true, if your spouse and children are US citizens or residents. If not, there are a lot of other factors to consider. If that is the case, please post back. 
Requirements for a Qualifying Relative dependent (your fiance): The person cannot be a qualifying child for you or anyone else.   The person must  live with you all yea (365 days) as a member of  your household. The person’s taxable income must be less than $3,650 for the year.   You provide more than ½ of the person’s total support for the year. The person must be a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or Mexico for part of the year 
Do you have earned income? 
The family tax cut is only applied to the higher wage earner.  It compares your higher tax rate to your spouses lower tax rate and adjusts your tax rate down to match, up to a certain amount of money. In this way it saves you a bit of tax as long as you still have tax payable, or as long as the two earners are not in the same tax bracket. 
You can claim these as medical expenses.  However, only the amount in excess of 7.5% of AGI qualifies as an itemized deduction, and your total itemizeds must be more than the Standard deduction. 
"my wife works for a FL based company out of our home"That has no effect on either your federal or state taxes.If your wife is a resident of AL and performs the work in AL it is AL income.  The fact that the company is in Florida (or Alaska, or Canada) would make no difference. 
Under the Business tab select Business Income and Expenses. Then go into the Explore on My Own option. Select Business Income and Expenses and Edit your business. Select the Espenses section.  YOull enter those expenses in the Miscellaneous Expenses section (very last one) 
If you did a Quebec and Federal return (with the Quebec address) automatically you will be able to see the box that asks you to file RQ after you have reviewed your return.  Follow the directions for Revenue Quebec and it will confirmed you filed. If you still cant find this kindly call us by clicking the following link to the Contact Us page. Then complete the required information. A phone number will appear, along with your incident ID. Call the number. This will ensure that an appropriate agent is assigned to your query:https://support.turbotax.intuit.ca/contact/ 
If you cant remember the user ID that you used, you can use the link below to get a list of your user IDs emailed to you.https://turbotax.intuit.com/commerce/account/secure/forgot_login.jspEnter the email address that you would have used, and TurboTax will email you a list of user IDs associated with that email address. 
Your understanding is right!On page 7 "home office" of IRS Publication 529 Miscellaneous Expenses, it states that you can deduct expenses of going between your home and workplace if your home is your principal place of business for the same trade of business.  You dont have to take the home office deduction to figure your mileage this way.  See the detail at: http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p529.pdfThe way to sail through an audit on this item is to have a car mileage log.  Something thats kept up religiously as a diary of mileage.  The IRS doesnt like to see a calendar and "mapquests"...they want the old fashioned log, and they wont argue with it.Go ahead and take your deduction; you are entitled to it. 
If the loans were in both of your names, you have no recourse. The IRS does not care what the divorce decree says. 
You could use global replace on the TXF file to update all the taxrefs to the B or C type.- N321 is for short term, type A- N711 is for short term, type B- N712 is for short term, type C- N323 is for long term, type D- N713 is for long term, type E- N714 is for long term, type FFor your situation, you could use the following process to change all type A to C...- remove the imported data- make a copy of your TXF file- in the new TXF file, global replace N321 with N712- import edited TXF file and checkGranted, a little work, but likely less effort when there are many trades to move.-----------------------------------------------------SCHEDULE D TAX TOOL (excel to txf)www.moosetechsoftware.com/sdtt.htm----------------------------------------------------- 
Cosmetic surgery is not deductible unless it improves a deformity from a congenital abnormality, injury, or disfiguring disease. 
You can go to  https://turbotax.intuit.com/support/contact/  Once there, you will select the topic that relates to your situation and then choose if you want to call or chat with a Tax Expert. 
Turbotax Online works only for current year (tax year 2010) taxes.If you want to use TurboTax for a 2009 return you will need to purchase the 2009 Desktop Version, which you can do at this link:http://turbotax.intuit.com/personal-taxes/past-years-products.jspYou can download the Forms and Instructions free from the IRS web site at this link:http://www.irs.gov/app/picklist/list/priorFormPublication.htmlIn any event, you have to file the 2009 return by mail.The IRS does not accept e-file of prior year returns. 
You have to sign onto your online account using the exact same user ID you used to create the account.  Use this TurboTax account recovery website to get a list of all the user IDs for an email address.  Run the tool against any email addresses you may have used - https://myturbotax.intuit.com/account-recoveryIf none of the user IDs received will access your account, then use the option shown in blue on the account recovery website, I dont know my email address or user IDIf you used the desktop CD/Download editions installed on your computer, the only copy of your tax data file and any PDFs will be on the computer where the return was created.  TurboTax does not store online any returns completed using the desktop editions.
Hi there,Here is information that may help answer your question:http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/About-your-Dependents/My-Dependent-Was-Claimed-on-Another-Return/GEN84431.htmlHope you find this helpful. Thanks for using TurboTax.Liz 
It is not. 
This article might help you decidehttp://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/TurboTax-Topics/Military-Spouse-Residency-Relief-Act-and-State-Taxes/GEN12759.html?_requestid=18903 
Medicare payments are health insurance premiums and are deducted as an itemized medical deduction.Report the amount of medicre that you paid in Deductions and Credits, under Medical, on Medical Expenses click start 
tands6705, make sure your system meets all the TurboTax ONLINE system requirements. Refer to the link http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/go/GEN12939Double check that your browser is supported by TurboTax, we have encountered this problem as of late. Specifically with individuals on Beta browsers. If the problem persists please let me know.Best of luck tands, hopefully I could be of assistance. 
In general, negative income on line 1 should reduce your tax. However, there are a whole lot of situations where it wouldnt. You may already be low enough that youre paying no tax and your refund is everything thats been withheld. In that case, you cant go lower than zero, so thered be no effect. Also a possibility, depending on the nature of the partneship, is that if its considered "passive income," the negative value wont be deductible until you get positive passive income from somewhere else or else you liquidate your position in this partnership. That nondeductible passive loss should carry forward to next year, but it wont change taxes due or refunded this year. 
You dont have to change it anywhere, the program is just reminding you to enter home expenses if you have them 
If you are asking about the withholding of a penalty or taxes when you took the IRA distribution, that amount is shown on the 1099-R that you should have received and you enter it when you enter all the information from the 1099-R into TurboTax. TurboTax will then enter the tax penalty or withholding on to the proper lines of form 1040 and it will be credited as a payment to your tax liability. The penalty, if any, is on line 58 and the tax withheld is on line 61. 
Yes, that is considered a cash donation. 
You will have to try to change everything back to the way it was when you filed your tax return. Unless you saved a file of your original tax return to your computer (as TurboTax recommended), no file of your original return exists except with the IRS. You can request a transcript of your return from the IRS. Here is a link: http://www.irs.gov/individuals/article/0,,id=110571,00.html 
If you are looking at a review or summary screen those show the full amount as income for your own info.  Check the actual 1040 lines 15b or 16b and make sure it is right.  You can see the actual 1040 form by switching to Forms Mode.  Click Forms in the upper right and open the 1040. 
Im assuming you deducted interest on the mobile home.Those unusual circumstances would need to be answered directly by the IRS, but my suspicion is that you would not be eligible for the credit.You can only deduct interest if you have direct ownership or beneficial ownership in the property.  jEither one would disqualify you from the credit.  If you deducted the interest, you would be asserting that you had beneficial ownership.  It would be difficult to now change your position and say you didnt.(There are other issues that may consider you a beneficial owner, especially if you were one of several beneficiaries of your fathers estate.) 
This might be the 10% early withdrawal penalty if you are under 59 1/2 when you received it.   OR the amount of income withhheld on the annuity distribution was insufficient to cover the amount of tax it added to your income. 
What are you trying to accomplish?  (If your llc was a disregarded entity, it doesnt matter whether you are still an llc or not.) 
Its not a separate payment - its either included in the balance due with your return, or has already reduced your refund. 
Probably if he meets all of these tests. (A son does not have to live with you for test 2)Qualifying Relative tests1) A child is not your qualifying relative if the child is your qualifying child or the qualifying child of any other taxpayer (See Qualifying child tests).2) Despite the name the person does not have to actually be related if they lived in the household the entire year, closely related persons do not have to live with you.3) Gross income for the year must be less than $3,650. (Tax-exempt income, such as certain social security benefits, is not included in gross income)4) You  must provide more than half of a persons total support during the calendar year.5) The person cannot be a dependent of another tax payer.6) The person cannot be file married filing jointly on their own return.You cannot claim a person as a dependent unless that person is a U.S. citizen, U.S. resident alien, U.S. national, or a resident of Canada or MexicoSee Pub 17 for more informationhttp://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2010_publink1000170933 
USED CAR:  if you itemize your deductions and you dont have a state income tax or elect to take the sales tax deduction instead of the state  income tax deduction, you can add the sales tax paid (even if you financed it) on a new or used car to the amount of the sales tax from the IRS table to get your deduction for 2010. It goes underFederal TaxesDeductions and CreditsExplore on my OwnThen scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidSales Tax - click the Start or Update button You might see a screen saying Lets compare your sales tax and income taxChoose Try Sales Tax Deduction AnywayThen click on EasyGuideEnter your State and then your rateThen on Did you buy any Major Purchases answer YESYou should get a screen with boxes to enter the item You can add the sales tax for a car (new or used) you bought in 2010 to the general sales tax table but not to the standard deduction like last year.BACK TAXES:  You can not deduct Federal Taxes paid on a federal return, no matter what year they are for.  You can only deduct any state taxes or estimates actually paid (for any year) in 2010 on your 2010 federal return. But just the tax, not interest.  Enter it under Federal Taxes or Personal  (for H&B version)Deductions and CreditsExplore on my OwnThen scroll way down to Estimates and Other Taxes PaidOther Income Taxes - Click the Start or Update buttonThen check the box for Paid state or local taxes on any prior year return 
Yes, you should file the S-Corp return. The IRS charges a 90 dollar per shareholder penalty for each month after March 15th (Sept. 15th if you extend) for late S-Corp returns. 
As answered in your other post, there is no requirement to file a Form 1099 for a personal transaction such as paying a babysitter.  However, he/she may be a household employee and you may be required to file Schedule H.  Who is required to file Schedule H (for household employees) is listed in the forms instructions.  You can read them here:  http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sh.pdf 
Since she is under the age of 19 and a dependent, she does not have to file a return if her gross income is less than $5,700. 
Use the Car Registration Fee Section for Missouri. 
Until the property is "available for rent" you capitalize the repairs and improvements you make to the property.  They become part of the propertys basis.Tom Young 
Complete Sch C. 
Try just entering zero. Sometimes we cannot tell what you might actually have so we ask questions that cover everyone. Hope this helps. 
If interest received is listed under your childs social security number you are not required to report it on any tax return until it exceeds $1900.00 
You can use a special standard meal allowance if you work in the transportation industry. You are in the transportation industry if your work:    *      Directly involves moving people or goods by airplane, barge, bus, ship, train, or truck, and    *      Regularly requires you to travel away from home and, during any single trip, usually involves travel to areas eligible for different standard meal allowance rates.This includes individuals subject to the Department of Transportations “hours of service” limits include the following persons.* Certain air transportation workers (such as pilots, crew, dispatchers, mechanics, and control tower operators) who are under Federal Aviation Administration regulations.* Interstate truck operators and bus drivers who are under Department of Transportation regulations.* Certain railroad employees (such as engineers, conductors, train crews, dispatchers, and control operations personnel) who are under Federal Railroad Administration regulations.* Certain merchant mariners who are under Coast Guard regulations._______AmountThe amount is $59/day overnight ($65 in Alaska or Hawaii)_____________Where to DeductThe deduction is a miscellaneous itemized deduction if you are an employee.  Miscellaneous itemized deductions are only available if you qualify to itemize and only to the extent that they exceed 2% of your Adjusted Gross Income.  Example:  If your AGI is $50,000, only miscellaneous deductions over $1,000 are deductible.  Because of this, many items deductible as miscellaneous itemized deductions have no tax value because the taxpayer doesnt itemize, or because they are lost in the 2% of adjusted gross income limitation. 
What is correct is that you can not report your childs wages on your tax return.If his income was all wages reported on a W-2, he doesnt have to file his own return unless he made more than $5,700 or he wants his withholding back. If his income was reported on a 1099-MISC, then he does have to file and pay self-employment tax. If he files his own return, make sure that he indicates that he can be claimed by someone else. 
Thank you so much for your help.  The answer was to add CA before the numbers.  Who would have guessed!!! 
Per IRS rules you must use it, even if it does not change your taxes (or even if you do not need to file taxes)From IRS 550Capital loss carryover.   If you have a total net loss on line 16 of Schedule D that is more than the yearly limit on capital loss deductions, you can carry over the unused part to the next year and treat it as if you had incurred it in that next year. If part of the loss is still unused, you can carry it over to later years until it is completely used up.   When you figure the amount of any capital loss carryover to the next year, you must take the current years allowable deduction into account, whether or not you claimed it and whether or not you filed a return for the current year. http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2010_publink100010662 
Did you use the on-line or desktop version.  If the latter (you indicate its on an old computer) then you have the only copy of the file, and it would need to be recovered from there.If you used the on-line version, which one did you use? 
Yes, the IRS gets a copy of the 1099-B and will expect to see it reported on your tax return. You enter the sales information atFederal TaxesWages & IncomeExplore on my ownInvestment IncomeStocks, Mutual Funds, Bonds, OtherYou need to enter the sales proceeds, and your tax basis, which is the amount that you paid for the CD when you bought it.If you dont report it and show that you had no gain, the IRS will assume that the entire proceeds is a fully taxable short term gain. 
Generally, if the intent of the trust is to liquidate its assets, the trust is treated as a grantor trust for tax purposes.  A Grantor Information Statement is available in the 1041 to report all trust income and deductions to the trust beneficiaries. 
Only the Free Edition is free for federal.  You both are in Deluxe.  Deluxe is currently 29.95 for federal and 36.95 for state.  Total = 66.90 
The child tax credit is not a refundable credit.  That means that the credit can only reduce your tax liability.  Once your tax liability reaches zero it can not be reduced further.  If you had no tax liability even without the child tax credit, then the credit will be of no benefit to you.  If you did have a tax liability that got reduced to zero by the Child Tax Credit then you might be eligible the the "Additional Child Tax Credit" which is a separate credit and is a refundable credit.The TurboTax interview for the child tax credit will walk you through that. 
They would have to be citizens of the US,  Mexico or Canada 
I think you should contact the IRS at 1-800-829-1040 for advice.  Perhaps the IRS will catch their mistake and maybe not.  Your 2011 return might be rejected as a result.  Call them. 
All tax preparation companies use the 8 to 14 days to receive a refund because it is based on the IRS Refund Cycle that appears below. Depending  on exactly when the IRS accepts your return the refund could take as little as 8 days or as long as 14 days. Remember the key date is when your return is accepted by the IRS, not the date you filed. It can also take a few more days depending on when you bank posts direct deposits. . Some banks post the deposit right away, while many banks take 24 to 48 hours (counting business days only)  to post the deposit to your account. http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p2043.pdf 
You are in the Free edition.  If you go to http://www.taxfreedom.com a federal return and many states are free if you qualify.  You will need to create a new account and re-enter your data. 
It can be taken out of your refund 
The amounts should be the same, assuming you did the exact same data entry, and answered the questions correctly.  Try comparing the two returns side-by-side. 
You only need to submit the one state return. 
Did you key in some other kind of 1099 as a 1099-DIV in error? 
Go to the Your 2010 Income Summary screen and click the Done with Income button at the bottom of the screen. The questions about foreign bank accounts will pop then. 
Split them into separate lines in box 14. The maximum amount for NJ UI/WF/SWF is $125.80, NJ SDI is $148.00, and NJ FLI is $17.76. 
You have to wait and see if they accept or reject your return. If they reject it for something you can fix it and resend it. If they accept it you will have to file an amended return.You shouldnt change anything after you mail or efile until you start the amended return process.  Also you have to wait until you get your first refund or your tax due payment has cleared your bank.Read this on how to amend a 2011 return�.http://turbotax.intuit.com/support/iq/Amend-a-Return/Amend-a-2011-Tax-Return/GEN83887.html  The amended return is form 1040X and can only be mailed (not efiled) and will take 8-12 weeks or more to process.  And they only send checks for amended returns, no direct deposit.  You should also wait to amend your return until you get your original refund or your payment has cleared because the IRS might adjust your original return.When you go through the amendment section it asks you how much you paid or got back on the original return so be sure to enter it. Then the amended return will only show the difference you get back or need to pay. You can confirm this by printing your amendment and looking at the 1040X. Line 17 should be your original refund amount and line 20 should be your additional refund.  If you paid on your original return it will be on line 15.  If there is an amount owed with the amendment, it will be on line 19. 
The amount of your SS that is taxable depends on how much other income you have. Even if your SS benefit stays the same, if your other income goes up, the amount of your SS that is taxable goes up. 
If you indicate you started the business in June 2010, rent expenses would be deductible. 
There may be a problem with your states tax website. 
If you used the downloaded/CD version on your own computer then it is only on your computer.If you used the Online version then they should be able to access it ...See the following TurboTax support FAQ on accessing a\ncopy of a 2014 or earlier return completed using the online editions -https://ttlc.intuit.com/questions/1900748-how-do-i-get-a-copy-of-a-return-i-filed-in-turbotax-online 
The system is working nowCurrent System Status  Production System: Operational      (updated at 1:00 am, Eastern on 1/18/12) The Modernized e-File (MeF) System was successfully brought back online this afternoon at 12:00 pm, Eastern Standard Time (January 18, 2012) and is now operational for Individual  (IMF) and Business (BMF) submissions. The ATS testing system is also operational.We thank you for your patience and apologize for the inconvenience caused by this delay.Please continue to monitor the MeF status page for any updates. Assurance Testing System (ATS):  Operational 
Hi dusty baker, All employers are required to provide employees with W2 forms, whether federal taxes were withheld or not.  You should have received your W2 form by February 14, 2012.  Those wages must be reported on  your tax return.  But, if the person you were working for considers you to be an independent contractor and they paid you less than $600 in 2011, they were not required to provide you with a 1099-MISC form that would have reported how much they paid you in 2011.  However, you are still responsible for reporting that income.  If you received more than $600 in income, you should have received a 1099-MISC by February 14, 2012.If you believe that you should have received a W2 and you didnt, follow these steps given by the IRS: If you do not receive your Form W-2 or Form 1099-R by January 31st, or your information is incorrect, contact your employer/payer. If you do not receive the missing or corrected form by February 14th from your employer/payer, you may call the IRS at 800�829�1040 for assistance. You must provide your name, address (including zip code), phone number, Social Security Number, dates of employment, your employer/payers name, address (including zip code), and phone number. The IRS will contact the employer/payer for you and request the missing form. IRS will also send you a Form 4852 (PDF), Substitute for Form W-2 or Form 1099-R, along with a letter containing instructions. If you do not receive the missing form in sufficient time to file your tax return timely, you may use the Form 4852 to complete your return. If you receive the missing or corrected Form W-2 or Form 1099-R after you file your return and a correction is needed, use Form 1040X (PDF), Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return. For additional information on filing an amended return, refer to Topic 308. source: IRS Tax Topics, http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc154.htmlYou can also file an extension if you need time to gather your income documents.  You can use our free easy extension product: http://turbotax.intuit.com/irs-tax-extensions/ 
A settlement for personal injuries is not taxable, including a settlement for pain and suffering.  An exception to this rule is that an award for punitive damages is deductible.  As the settlement for personal injuries is not taxable, legal fees to obtain the settlement are not taxable.However, if the annuity also includes interest (it normally would), the interest portion would be taxable. 
You mean RALs - Refund anticipation loans?  No, and H&R Block stopped doing them too. 
Married Filing Jointly is almost always better.  If you file MFS (which is not the same as Single), you both must itemize or both take the Standard deduction.  Certain deductions and credits are not available. There are also considerations if you live in community property state. 
Yes - that is what it means if you have no dependents.  You are no longer eligible for the EIC. On the plus side you get Medicare now :-) 
Possibly,If youre not seeing the home heating credit, it may be that you didnt qualify for it. The household income thresholds for this credit are fairly low. See Table A and B at the end of the following instructions for these income thresholds. Keep in mind that household income may include income which is not taxable on your federal or Michigan return. http://www.michigan.gov/documents/taxes/MI1040CR7book_341560_7.pdfIf you do qualify, the home heating credit screens will appear immediately after the homestead property tax credit screens. 
The American Opportunity Credit offers as much as $2,500 in tax credits ($1,000 of that is refundable).  This means that, even with no income, you could get a refund of as much as the $1,000.  Go to Deductions & Credits / Education / Education Expenses and let TurboTax make the determination.  It will ask for your 1098-T numbers. 
If you filed 1/21/12 you wont get your refund on the 27th that is not even enough time to process your refund most people have a date of 2/1/12 to 2/7/12 for filing the same date 
Hi lvmama2 -- see the comment for the answer to your question. Thanks. 
The s-corp is a separate entity. The S-corp files its own tax return (Due March 15th). It sounds like you may need some professional tax advise in order to get your S-corp return filed on a timely basis. Once the 1120S is prepared, there will ba a K-1 for you. you should see a local tax provider in your area. 
Whether you reinvested the proceeds or went on vacation with it, the income tax reporting is exactly the same, you enter the security sale as shown on 1099-B and pay tax on the profit or deduct the loss.One complication: if you had a loss on the sale of a security and you bought the same security through the other firm within 30 days of the sale then you cant deduct the loss yet, you have to defer it until you sell the replacement shares.  This is called a wash sale and gets a Code W in your reporting. 
